In The Shade - A Monogatari Fanfiction [Kissshot]

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2023-02-25 22:28

Hey everyone, it's been a hot minute, but I'm ready to post another handful of stories! Here's the first, a commission for a Monogatari story staring Kiss-shot Acerola-Orion Heart-Under-Blade getting caught out in the sun and having to take shelter in the shade with no way to get to a proper bathroom! I hope you guys enjoy! And as a reminder I know have a thread about it, but I am open for commissions, so if you're interested in my writing, feel free to DM me!

In The Shade

On the roof of a familiar abandoned cram school sat a tall, busty woman with sharp yellow eyes and long golden hair. She was tucked away inconspicuously-- or at least, as inconspicuous as an attractive woman draped in a scarlet red dress could possibly be-- in the shadows of the small water tank placed on the roof. She had her knees pulled up to her chest to keep her legs in the shade, and she was glaring at the sun like it was her mortal enemy.

After all, it was her mortal enemy.

Kiss-Shot Acerola-Orion Heart-Under-Blade. A once-powerful vampire with no rival. Events had entwined her fate with a simple high school student, Araragi Koyomi, and left her without many of her powers. In fact, she normally maintained a diminished appearance, and often went by the name Oshino Shinobu, but circumstances today had required her to take on a semblance of her old form and move independently of Araragi.

Araragi made it his mission to research and handle the oddities in this town, which was bathed in the supernatural. However, he was also a normal high school student who had to worry about school and friends and his relationship. Last night, he had a date planned with Senjougahara when talk of some oddity or another had reached him. And so, Shinobu offered to investigate in his stead. She fully intended it to be a favor she would use to leverage donuts at a later date.

But that didn’t explain why Kiss-shot was curled up in the shade on the roof of the old cram school.

The answer was simple. She had become accustomed to the safety and security of Araragi’s shadow. She hadn’t really been away from Araragi for an extended period of time or used her true form in quite a while. While once unthinkable to the centuries-old vampire, she had simply lost track of time. She had been investigating something nearby when the first golden rays started peeking over the horizon. In a panic, she jumped from roof to roof, trying to make it to the cram school before the sunrise, but was just short of making it to the roof’s stairwell when the first burning rays forced her to find cover where she was.

It was about 3 meters from her island of shade and safety to the stairs that would’ve allowed her to take shelter within the building. But while she was so close, she was also so far away. Had she been her normal self, she could, with a lot of pain and some difficulty, jump into the sunlight and run inside before she was completely torched. But in her weakened state and this far away from Araragi, she would undoubtedly die attempting such a stunt.

Her weakened form also prohibited her from using her full strength. It would’ve been less than trivial for her to have punched a hole in the roof if she had been in her old form, but while she did currently look like the old Kiss-Shot Acerola-Orion Heart-Under-Blade, she had only a fraction of her old form’s strength and power.

And thus, Kiss-shot was stuck on the roof of the cram school, waiting idly as she was forced to cower from the sun.

“How ironic. I spent so much of my time after meeting Araragi sulking about this very school, and yet now that I am forced to be here, I want nothing more but to leave.”

It would seem that for someone as long-lived as Kiss-shot, waiting out a day in the shadow of the water tank would be a trivial matter. And yet she found herself restless. It wasn’t uncomfortably hot or cold, and as long as she followed the shade’s movement throughout the day, she would be safe. But still, she was dreading the wait. She was bored with nothing to do, and her current form was only a few steps removed from human, and thus had human needs.

It was late morning, and the sun had been up for a few hours. Kiss-shot was thirsty, and she might have been hungry too. The latter was something she had become all too accustomed to as a vampire, and was able to push the feeling to the back of her mind. Her thirst, however, was new. Her mouth and throat were dry, and she was becoming more and more uncomfortable.

Kiss-shot let out a sigh and laid back down on her back. The shadow had grown large enough that she could stretch out more rather than keeping her legs curled to her chest. She looked up with a dull expression and suddenly her eyes widened. The solution had been right above her the whole time. She was sitting underneath a water tank.

She looked around and spotted some pipes with a spout running down the side of one of the tank’s legs, graciously within the shade. Kiss-shot reached over and turned a small valve, and clear water poured from the spout.

Cupping her hands, Kiss-shot drank from the tank until the scratchiness in her mouth and throat were gone, and her stomach was full of water. Satisfied, she closed the valve and laid back down, feeling much more comfortable.

“Ah, much better.” Kiss-shot smiled in content.

The comfort was short-lived, however. Only minutes after the vampire had sprawled out onto the shadow beneath the tower, she felt a twinge in her bladder. It wasn’t because she had just drank, of course. No matter how much she had, it wouldn’t go through her that quickly. Instead, it had been a sensation buried in the back of her mind that had been building up all morning, and only manifested now because she was no longer focusing on her thirst.

She placed a hand on her abdomen. Her stomach still sloshed with water and she could feel a slight, nagging pressure. Nothing urgent yet, but it could easily become a problem depending on how long she got stuck here.

Still, it was only a slight sensation as of now, and Kiss-shot merely shifted her position lying down to make herself more comfortable before closing her eyes.

Kiss-shot’s intentions had been to take a nap to pass the time, but that was becoming less and less likely. Every time she felt the world around her fade and her body relax, her bladder sent a nagging pulse through her, and she was forced to press her thighs together and reposition herself. Even worse, the spout she had drank from had not fully closed, and was slowly dripping. Every few minutes a drop would fall and splash down onto the damp concrete beneath it. Kiss-shot’s heightened vampire hearing amplified the sound, and did nothing to help her situation.

She wasn’t sure how long she had been trying to fall asleep, but the longer she laid there, the more and more she could feel her bladder slowly filling. She tried to tear her mind away from her bodily needs, but the more she tried to focus on other things, it seemed the faster her need grew. She rubbed and shuffled her legs together as she laid down, staring up at the water tower. It felt like all the water she had drank earlier was draining straight from her stomach into her bladder, even though she knew that wasn’t physiologically possible.

Eventually, Kiss-shot was forced to sit upright. She crossed her legs and sat on the ground, tapping her finger restlessly as she occasionally wiggled in place. She glared up at the sun for putting her in this predicament. It grew higher and higher in the sky, meaning it wasn’t even midday yet.

“I’ll just have to hold it,” Kiss-shot spoke to herself, “I mean, it’s not like someone like me can’t handle a little mild discomfort from time to time.”

She said as much, but in reality, Kiss-shot was nervous. Vampires didn’t really have to deal with the need to pee on a regular basis. They could, of course, if they engorged themselves on blood or otherwise drank normal liquids like Kiss-shot had just done, but most vampires avoided the former and they had no need for the latter. Kiss-shot had a few long-distant memories-- perhaps just whispers of memories at this point-- from her days as a human where she recalled having dealt with the need to pee, but it was not something she was used to. If she was this uncomfortable already, she wasn’t looking forward to waiting all day.

Kiss-shot waited in silence and tried to push her need to the back of her mind as the sun slowly climbed higher and higher in the sky. The edge of the shadow was creeping closer to where she was sitting, and she realized she would have to move before the burning rays reached her exposed skin. She climbed to her feet carefully and felt a sharp spike of pressure from her bladder. When she shifted, she put pressure on it, and she was forced to squirm and dance in place as she rubbed her thighs together.

She felt the pressure slowly subside and she stepped back away from the edge, right under the water tower. It would be noon before long, where the only shadows would be right underneath the tank. She was forced to take shelter right underneath it, which was problematic, because she could hear occasional ripples and sloshes from within. The drip from the faucet hadn’t stopped, either. All this only reminded her of all the water she had drank earlier, and she shuffled her legs uncomfortably as her bladder sent another wave of urgency through her.

“I have to pee.”

Kiss-shot announced to no one.

It was a less-than-useless statement, and all it did was draw her own attention to her need. In fact, voicing it out loud seemed so much worse than when she was just feeling it nagging at the back of her mind. She pressed down at the front of her red dress, still too proud to resort to grabbing herself like a child, merely rubbing her legs together instead. She straightened her back as though that would give her ever-filling bladder more room, and her brow furrowed in discomfort and irritation.

In an attempt to get her mind off of her growing need, she thought about Araragi. She was tempted to blame him. This was, after all, his fault. She knew his nature. He couldn’t just let things go or put them off until later. If she hadn’t offered to investigate the oddity in his stead, he would’ve dropped his plans with Senjougahara and rushed off to see what was going on. Deep down, however, she knew that was unfair. Senjougahara was a strong-willed, stubborn woman, but she understood the severity of the world of oddities. Having perhaps seen more of Senjougahara than anyone save for Araragi himself, Kiss-shot knew the girl would exchange a few harsh words with Araragi before forgiving him and possibly even offering to come along and help.

In truth, it had been Kiss-shot herself who wanted to give Araragi a reprieve. A small taste of the normal life she had stolen from him the night they met. She still felt guilty that it was her who got him wrapped up in the world of the supernatural. Moreover, if she hadn’t gotten careless, she could have investigated the oddity properly and taken shelter in the cram school, or even returned to Araragi’s dwelling.

Her current predicament was entirely her own fault, and she realized that. So while it was tempting to curse the name of another for her circumstances, she had only herself to blame.

Letting out a sigh, Kiss-shot shifted her position to try to regain some small measure of comfort. Suddenly, however, she felt her bladder spasm, and she was force to press her thighs together tightly. She drew in a sharp intake of breath and squeezed her eyes shut, desperately hoping for the wave of pressure to pass.

When it finally did, she let out a breath and her clawed fingers bunched up the fabric of her red dress. She could feel the pressure sitting in her abdomen and she wanted nothing more than to reach down and grab herself. Instead, she released her skirt and raised one knee, reaching down to rub the back of her thigh as a quaint distraction.

It was noon now, and the time was ticking by painfully slowly. There was little reprieve from the sounds of the water in the tank sloshing above her, or the dripping faucet where she quenched her thirst earlier. Both sounds were amplified louder and louder the more she tried to drown them out. With each drip, she felt her bladder protest, and it seemed like they were counting down the seconds like the world’s slowest hourglass.

Kiss-shot frowned, biting her lip and shifting her weight back and forth rhythmically. She glared up at the clear, cloudless sky. She would give anything for gray clouds to come and blot out the offensive orb above her. Even rain clouds would work. In the short-term they would only heighten her urge to pee, but it would allow her to run inside and relieve herself at her leisure. Instead, she was forced to sit there in the solitary shadow of the water tank, the day crawling by at the slowest of a snail’s pace.

She could feel her bladder filling up more and more. She was sure by now the water she drank earlier was making its way into her bladder. Kiss-shot cursed her kidneys, which were inadvertently making the situation worse and worse. Being a vampire, she had some control over her body, but doing something like stopping her kidneys would involve her to physically pierce her back and mess with them with clawed fingers.

Perhaps if I was at full power I could pull off a stunt like that without dying, but I don’t think this current body could handle it. A pity.

Even if she could, it would be a temporary solution, and it wouldn’t do anything about the fluid already inside her bladder. Regardless, she was forced to keep holding it, even as she felt her bladder swell more and more, filling with pent-up urine that sloshed around inside of her with every movement.

Kiss-shot glared up at the sun again, but not out of the mere frustration of being trapped while needing to pee. This time she was trying to calculate how long it would be until sunset. It was past noon and the sun was now slowly starting its crawl towards the horizon. If she had to guess, it was no later than one o’clock. Judging by the angle, as well as having a general feel for it from centuries of needing to avoid the sun, Kiss-shot figured that the shadow she was currently taking refuge in would stretch close enough to the stairwell for her to slip inside unharmed at 5 o’clock at the earliest. That was four agonizing hours of waiting, and her bladder was already full.

Kiss-shot wasn’t thrilled about the prospects, but it wasn’t like she had any other options. The very least she could do was deal with the situation calmly and try to ignore her body’s needs as best as she could. She sprawled back down onto the hard concrete and raised one leg, keeping her thighs pressed together as she stared up at the water tower above her.

Kiss-shot knew sleep wouldn’t come to her now, and even if she did manage to relax and drift off with her bladder so full, she had no confidence that she’d wake up dry. Instead, she tried to zone out-- to defocus on the world around her and allow herself to be caught up in her own mind.

Flashes of distant memories began to bubble to the surface. Brief scenes of her being driven from a hidden home by vampire hunters, or being run out of a village by a crowd armed with torches and pitchforks. She recalled the times she was forced to kill to survive, and others where she killed with intention, with pleasure. Kiss-shot recalled the times she showed no mercy to vampire hunters or other humans who thought themselves worthy of judging her existence as cursed and wrong. But each time she tried to focus in on one, a spike of pressure from her abdomen tore her out of her reminiscence. She wasn’t sure to be annoyed or grateful. Those memories were not pleasant ones, and as much as they would’ve been a distraction to her current predicament, she’d much rather deal with the discomfort of the present than face her past.

Instead, she found herself trying to focus on Araragi. For all that had happened in the short time that she had known him, she had become much more content with her current arrangements as the minion to her new master. Kiss-shot was silently grateful he would never have to go through the horrors of being a full-on vampire, and she was glad that he had pulled her out of that darkness as well. She had intended to sacrifice herself to free him, but instead he had been the one to free her.

Kiss-Shot allowed herself a warm smile before her bladder sent another, stronger wave of pressure shooting through her body and she was forced to clamp her thighs together and squirm to fight it. She squeezed her eyes shut and resisted the urge to grab herself as she felt her pent up flood try to force its way out. She raised a hand to her abdomen as she rubbed her legs together and focused on keeping herself dry.

Kiss-shot managed to fight back against the urge until it subsided, but she was now truly desperate. She gently and carefully sat up, keeping her thighs pressed together as she tried to avoid putting any pressure on her taxed bladder. Her tight dress put pressure on her abdomen, so she reached around and loosened the corset as much as she could without exposing herself. The extra room allowed her bulging bladder to swell out and relieved some of the pressure, but she was still restless, squirming as she bounced up and down in place, trying to hold it.

She looked back up at the sky. It was at most two or three hours past noon. The water tower’s shadow had crept closer to the door to the stairwell, but it wasn’t nearly enough to bridge the gap completely. Kiss-shot wanted nothing more than to make a break for it, but even if she could make it without burning to ash, the pain of the sunlight would definitely make her wet herself, making the bolt for the door meaningless in the first place.

Another sharp spike of desperation shot through Kiss-shot, and she was forced to grab herself, bunching up her dress and pressing her fingers into her crotch as she rocked back and forth. Her thighs quivered and shook as she desperately tried to fight back, but she seriously felt like she was going to leak. She doubled over as she fought her body’s urges and managed to stave off the intense pressure with her panties still dry, but she was fighting a losing battle.

Maybe I should just go right here?

Kiss-shot looked around at the shadow beneath the water tower. There was enough room for her to sit comfortably, but not much else. If she peed here, she’d barely have a place to stand out of the puddle, not to mention she’d be forced to stand right next to it the whole time.

No, she would just have to hold it. With sweat on her brow and tears from the effort of holding it in stinging the corners of her eyes, Kiss-shot sat on her heel and squirmed, wondering how she would make it the remaining hours until the sun faded and she could finally get her relief.

Kiss-shot wasn’t sure how long she had been sitting there, holding it and feeling like she was on the verge of wetting herself as she waited for the sun to make its painfully slow crawl across the sky. The sun was now tucked behind the water tower from her perspective, and she could no longer judge the time from its position. The shadows, for their part, didn’t seem any closer to the door to her freedom, but she realized that watching the edge of the shadow like a hawk would do nothing to speed up its slow stretch towards the stairwell.

The sun didn’t seem that much closer to setting before Kiss-shot felt another powerful spasm hit her bladder. She scissored her legs and rocked back and forth as she clamped down hard with white-knuckled hands, drawing in a sharp breath as she fought back the wave. It felt like a torrent of her pent-up urine was surging against the floodgates, desperate to force its way out of her overfilled bladder.

She gasped as she felt her muscles spasm and let out a warm spurt of pee into her panties. She squeezed even tighter in a desperate fight to regain control, dreading another leak or possibly even losing control right then and there. Thankfully, she managed to stop it, but the damp patch on her panties was a worrying sign. There was no way she was going to be able to hold it. If she didn’t pee right there, she’d wind up wetting herself anyway.

Kiss-shot tried to fight her body for a few more seconds before resigning herself to peeing where she was. However, instead of moving into a squatting position, she slowly and carefully brought herself to her feet. The effort was immense and she was stuck dancing in place with both hands desperately clamped down on her crotch as she stood there. She hiked up the long fabric of her dress and bunched it up in her arms, trying desperately not to leak without her hands holding herself. She shuffled over to the edge of the shadow, about as far as she could comfortably get, and reached down. She pulled her panties out of the way and spread her lower lips, arching her hips in a standing position. If she was going to pee here, the least she could do was try to get as much distance between her puddle and the shadow as she could.

Not a moment later, she burst. A long, powerful arch spraying out of her and sparkled as it made it out of the shadows and was hit by the sunlight. Her pee splashed onto the ground about half a meter from the shadow’s edge and quickly began to pool. Kiss-shot let out a relieved moan and threw her head back as her body shuddered in relief. Her swollen bladder slowly began to deflate as she continued to pee like a fire hose, a powerful torrent streaming out of her at full blast.

Suddenly however, she could hear the sound of the stairwell door opening behind her and she froze. She wanted to stop peeing as well, but there was no way her taxed muscles or aching bladder would allow her to stop her relief. She turned her head to face the door and was half-mortified and half-relieved to see it was Araragi and Senjougahara.

For his part, Araragi seemed to immediately notice what Kiss-shot was doing and turned around almost immediately. Senjougahara turned to make sure Araragi wasn’t watching before turning around herself, but not before giving Kiss-shot a knowing and apologetic glance.

“Sorry for the intrusion,” she said matter-of-factly.

“Y-yeah, sorry,” Araragi blurted out awkwardly next to her.

“No, it’s my fault for doing something so undignified. This place isn’t exactly private, after all.”

The three fell into an awkward silence as Kiss-shot finished peeing, which took quite a while considering how much she had been holding. The only thing breaking the silence was the continuous patter of Kiss-shot’s stream against the roof, splashing as her puddle grew. She blushed and wished her body would hurry up, but her still-swollen bladder was taking it’s sweet time. It felt like she was stuck there, peeing for an eternity, but soon her trail tapered off and Kiss-shot let out one final, satisfied sigh. She fixed her panties and dress and tried to make herself as presentable as possible before turning around.

“Alright, you can look now.”

Araragi and Senjougahara turned around to face her, and Araragi spoke first, “Once again, sorry, Shinobu. When you didn’t come back after last night, I got worried, so we came looking for you.”

“Well, as you can see, I let time get the best of me, and I got stuck under here,” Kiss-shot gestured to the water tank above her.

“You must’ve been here for quite a while,” Senjougahara pointed out, “I don’t envy you. I’m sorry we didn’t get here sooner.”

It was clear she was talking about Kiss-shot’s ordeal that led to her leaving a puddle on the roof. She was grateful that Senjougahara was keeping calm about the whole thing, unlike herself and Araragi, who were both quite embarrassed about the situation.

“Ah, so you got stuck under here and you couldn’t get to a bathroom, which is why-”

Senjougahara lightly slapped Araragi on the back of the head, and gave him a look that told him to shut up.

“I’d appreciate it if we never speak of that again, master,” Kiss-shot spoke quickly. She had a straight face, but she was doing all she could to hide her embarrassment.

“A-ah, right,” Araragi, thankfully, seemed to read the mood.

“Well, anyway, if you would be so kind as to come closer this way…”

Araragi stepped closer to Kiss-shot and she began to sink into his shadow. She could move around freely once again, but more importantly, she was grateful for being able to hide away after getting caught peeing so openly like that.

“I’m tired from being stuck up here all day, so we can discuss what I found out about the oddity later” Kiss-shot spoke as she disappeared, “Preferably at Mister Donut’s.”

“Right,” Araragi nodded in a way that told Kiss-shot he understood.

As Kiss-shot retreated into Araragi’s shadow, she desperately tried to forget what had just happened. She had learned a valuable lesson that day, and would never again allow herself to become stranded in the sunlight.

