[Old Stories from My Blog]: The Diary of a Modern Day Girl

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2025-12-31 09:35

The Diary of a Modern Day Girl

The clock ticked 10 O'clock in the evening. I sighed being tired. i arranged the files on my desk!

"Do u never need to pee?", asked my friend Joane. I smiled and said ,"Never" and slowly got up form my table, packed my bag and left.

Never in my life had i ever needed to pee so bad. I wanted to grab my crotch but i couldn't. it was forbidden. my mother always taught me not to ever touch the privates until u r alone. I was wearing a tight white shirt and a crimson bra! in spite of that my 36FF boobs were almost popping out! below there was a restrictive corset and even below was a grey formal micro skirt which was too tight for comfort and of course a crimson thong which was way too small for me under neath.

I had to hold my breath as i walked past the ladies room. i wanted to give up this mammoth hold and pee but. I stopped there for a moment pretending to search something in my bag. The initial drops were almost coming out, u know the types when u r bursting and the toilet just a few yards away. Just then i saw Joanne looking at me from her desk with a wide evil grin on her face anticipating that i would rush inside. She knew how badly i needed to pee but kept on controlling myself.

I entered the lift. i was alone there. i slowly slid my hands under my micro mini trying to pull it but in vain. it was so tight and both the corset and the skirt kept squeezing my bladder! just then i happened to see the camera and i backed off and tried to compose myself.

As the lift came to the parking i started to pace towards my car but i met a friend of mine there and we ended up in the cafeteria which usually remains open round the clock. The result i had to fill three large mugs of coffee in my swollen and aching bladder.

My eyes fell on my wrist watch and there u go it was midnight. my friend too had to catch up with her shift and she too left. i longed for the bathroom. i ran to my car despite my aching bladder and my sky scrapper heels. I sat inside and my baloon bladder was squeezed like hell and i almost shoot a spurt in my formals. but i still refrained from grabbing my crotch.

I was speeding towards home, just when i was caught by a cop for over speeding. I didn't want to let him know about my predicament so i dealt with him calmly. it took an hour to get rid of him. just imagine my plight, a bursting bladder, tight clothes, high heels and just dependent on my muscles. it seemed to be forever. i reached home by 2am!

I quickly shed my clothes into my skintight sleepwear and yet amazingly dry! i slowly walked towards the bathroom anticipating relief. i reached the bowl and saw that there was no water in the tank. i was screwed but i had my own rules. so i came out without leaking a drop!

I was sweating and shivering. i lay down on my bed thinking how i had been holding and avoiding answering the pressing calls of nature bravely. i had peed day before yesterday morning at six and now its 3am. Unbelievable! i haven't leaked a drop since the last 45 hours! and its still uncertain when would i get to pee next or if would make it dry tomorrow! i remain busy all the time so i feel that its better to hold than to pee like a silly school girl! so lets see what happens! no matter what i am not going to use the public facilities. i trust my bladder very much. i have to hold, hold and hold it in always!

I woke up today morning at 6, with my hands jammed in my crotch and i was still dry. i had hit the 48 hours mark. i felt so proud of myself and when i felt my muscles they were clenched so tight that may be even a bullet fired on it won't be able to open it up!

I felt incredibly sexy and the way my one piece skin tight chemise sleepwear was sticking to my body was simply indescribable! However it wasn't the time to feel sexy, i had to empty my iron bladder since i had an important meeting. i slowly walked to the bathroom hoping there would be water supplied by the night but in vain.

My bladder would not get a relief for another day. i went down to the basement to see if anything was wrong with the pipelines and found that the pipe was broken and the valve was shut automatically. i sighed and came upstairs with my hands away from my crotch. i brushed my teeth using the drinking water i had in my refrigerator. but it was too precious for using it to solve toilet issues. so i decided not to pee till the pipe was repaired.

It was 8 now and i was getting late, so i quickly dressed up in a one piece lingerie with a super tight one piece micro formal dress in light grey and my boobs were ever ready to pop out anytime! and of course my love for hourglass corsets didn't go down even when i was dying for a pee. i wore the corset only to increase my desperation by 5 times.

Any ways i soon left for the office secretly praying that i would somehow return dry. by the lunch time at noon i was fidgeting badly and was fighting to keep my hands from my crotch. my skirt was so small that any one even with big specs could clearly see my sexy blue undies ( i forgot to mention that i love dressing naughty) and i didn't want them to see even a small patch. i was so tempted to squeeze my pus**. but i would never do so in public! i recalled that in these 54 hours i had consumed around 2.5 liters of liquid. it sent a chill down my spine because i had already passed my limits.

I was bouncing on my chair and was right at its edge. my legs were double crossed tight and i was panting heavily. i was wearing 7" heeled sandals and i wanted to sit on my heels but my corset and dress would tear apart or may be my bladder could burst off! my colleague once again teased me, " somebody will flood the office soon!" i quickly uncrossed my legs and to show her that i was strong i gulped down another 500ml of water. her jaws dropped down. only if she knew how proud i felt for that!

The meeting was scheduled at 3pm and by then i had downed 3 liters! i really wanted to PEE! i kept staring at the clock and sometimes i would feel like getting up and running to the toilet but NO! i hanged on! when it was my turn to present i could hardly stand straight. i kept shifting my weight from foot to foot, and my voice was strained and trembling as i struggled in my tight dress and high heels! i was shivering and often had to give a twist to prevent any leaking. 

Every one by then had realized that i had to pee very badly. my turn was about to end when a spurt shot out. i almost grabbed my crotch but somehow i stemmed the flow. a few drops rolled down my long sexy legs but i bravely fought the situation and got back to my seat. around 6 we were given a break and my boss warned me to visit the toilet to avoid embarrassment in front of the client. it was such an insult to me but that didn't mean i would pee at all.

Instead i drank another liter of water to show these guys that sometimes things can get a little troublesome. status- 7pm, 61 hours and 4 liters in my bladder. 3 more hours for the meeting to get over. it was a big challenge but i was in. and unfortunately things didn't go on well as i couldn't stop myself from squirming and bobbing. By the time the meeting was over i had consumed 7 big cups of tea accounting for another 500ml. the client however was so much impressed with my big cleavage which he termed as my sincerity our company got the contract of $50 million! i felt extremely proud of myself and my ever growing bladder.

My 10 pm, i.e 64 hours and 5 liters (as i had dinner too) i left the office speeding home anticipating a nice and hot pee break!

Day 5

U guys must be wondering how could i skip so many days? well it so happened that, that night when i reached home i found an air tickets in my letter box. actually the next day was my mom's birthday, so my lil' sis had sent me the tickets so that i could get there. the flight was scheduled at midnight and i hardly had an hour left to do any packing which i needed.

Trying to ignore my bladder's pressing need i packed my bag with the tightest and the smallest possible clothes and many padlocks. i knew that there would be many guests at my home there and i would not be using the toilet. i hate it when people see me entering the bathroom or coming out from there, and of course the loud hiss when my thick jet of pee would hit the bowl. its so embarrassing!

The flight was 6 hours long and it was only me who knew how difficult it was for me to sit in between those cramped seat placed near the bathroom and hearing the sound of flush and people peeing every now and then. besides during the flight i consume additional liter of water. by the time our flight landed at the destination it was 6 am and i had held my **** for 3 days straight with 6 liters of pee in my bladder!

My sis had come to pick me and she could immediately make out that i had been holding for days. she asked me to use the restrooms at air port but i refused. i couldn't do that, no way in front of my little sis. later i observed that she was fidgeting too. on asking she said that since the last 24 hours she had not visited the toilet because the house was full of guests. and she wouldn't pee till every one would leave.

And the next two days were absolutely hell. we celebrated mom's birthday like animals since most of the population consisted of my cousins. and there were gallons of drinks that we had consumed. to be precise i had drank around 5 liters of liquid was pushed into my bladder! but no relief yet. every hour or so i and my sis would check each other out to see if we were still holding or had given up. 

And we would encourage each other to keep going on and on! our clothes added to our agony but we couldn't afford showing up our distended pregnant bellies. our cousins asked us so many times if we needed to relieve ourselves becoz our body languages clearly mentioned that we HAD TO PEE! but every time we would say no!

And here i am sitting now holding back all my **** in my bladder and praying that i would reach home dry. it had been more than 140 hours i have not allowed myself to let any pee out and have consumed 12 liters of fluid. but even after reaching home i will be forced to hold since the pipe is still not repaired. to add to it tomorrow is a public holiday that means i will not be able to find any plumber. the next day would be Sunday, again a holiday, and on Monday i have to reach office early as we have an audit. i wonder how long will i be able to keep this pent up pee locked. may be i need to talk to my friend Erica (the girl with the largest bladder) to help me out!

HOLD HOLD HOLD....

And here i am sitting now holding back all my **** in my bladder and praying that i would reach home dry. it had been more than 140 hours i have been suppressing my urgent bathroom needs and have consumed 12 liters of fluid. But even after reaching home i will be forced to hold since the pipe is still not repaired. to add to it tomorrow is a public holiday that means i will not be able to find any plumber. the next day would be Sunday, again a holiday, and on Monday i have to reach office early as we have an audit. i wonder how long will i be able to keep this pent up pee locked.

Day-8

I'm writing this journal with one hand shoved into my crotch! I don't think i will be able to resist this flood any longer but i will have to. I just returned from the office and its already 11pm at night and I don't think any plumber will available now. May be a few more hours will have to be endured!

The plane journey was absolute hell! I don't know how i managed to wait there and later the entire weekend! I won't lie but i really really need to relieve now! Its way to uncomfortable, so uncomfortable that i'm running short of words to write! I can feel my pu**y quivering beneath my tiny thong and even the slightest rub of its fabric is making me strangely turned on as well as nearer to having an accident! But i shall suppress it inside my bladder and contain all the load, no matter what! After all a lady is not supposed to go pee anywhere else except her own bathroom.

You won't believe that i am finding impossible to wear any of my clothes which i have in my wardrobe! Why???? Becoz they all are already a few sizes smaller than my requirements and now the 2'' bulge of my bladder refuses to be compressed futher and its as hard as an iron bar! But as u all know a girl's life is never easy so in spite of all the pains and spasms i have somehow pulled it in! I can't sit still and neither can i think straight. I tried watching movies but nothing takes my brain off my silly needs! I simply must go to the toilet now but i don't want to do it without proper water facilities! I wish the pipe would never have been broken! I wish...

Now its time to sleep! Tomoro when i wake up, it will be entire 9 days without any relief.... Day 10

GOD! I'm dying! DYING DYING DYING! 10 days! Please some one make this solution dry faster!

I was so happy when the plumber ca,e and fixed the pipe! But i now wish to kill him! Why couldn't he use a better solution which would dry faster? He came yesterday evening and said that it would take 48 hours for the solution to gain its complete strength! It has just been 28 since then! I have to wait for 20 more hours before i can let all my pent up liquid gush out! God! Help me!

Being at work was hell today and now i can't even hide my needs! Every one made fun of me when they realized that i refused going to the toilet even when I'm at the brink of an accident! But that doesn't make me weak! I'm ready to suffer for days to come rather than allowing myself to enjoy a break in front of every one! NO way! I'm not so weak!

I am going to hold. hold and hold! Day 12

I am sitting on my heels at present! The entire 5" heel is inside me through my latex thongs and i don't think i have ever resorted to such a silly measure to hold my flood back! Today, after 12 days since my last pee, my bladder is a swollen basket ball in size, my lady muscles cramping every now and then, ***** quivering, profusely sweating body and my long held water right behind my pee hole! But relief nowhere in sight!

For the first time ever in my life, I cursed myself for buying such unforgiving tight clothes, skimpy attires and rubber lingerie! all because i love looking sexy! But never did i know that the fun of being sexy is always accompanied with bathroom restrictions which is made especially difficult due to my ever so tight, little one piece PVC nightie and thong and the merciless corset which are digging into my bladder! My bathroom is just a few metres away, the pipe is fixed but still i have to wait... wait... And wait....

WHY??? Cause today when i returned home, full anticipating a relief! I found a pamplet sticking on my door, which said that water supplies would be cut for the next 2 days due to a pipe burst near the city harbor! It was enough for my bladder which had been now compressed tightly under a tight 18" corset beneath my shirt to hide my ever enlarging bladder from the prying eyes! I shot a spurt and it sent a chill down my spine because i had literally forgotten how it felt to release the huge mass of liquid! When the hot liquid ran down my legs i was shaking and i had grabbed my crotch tightly to stem the accident! After half an hour i succeeded! But not before leaking another spurt!

Being at office has now become a life and death kind of adventure sports! U can not do anything to help yourself ! Absolutely nothing! I could not even cross my legs because that would bring more bullying from my colleagues who knew how much i loved holding my pee round the clock! Only if they knew how much i loved doing it but not now because it had been 12 days and i would either wet myself or either climax with a high level ******! But that would be a sign of weakness! NO WAY!

So i am again forced and denied any relief by the circumstances! But i'm not going to accept defeat! Day 14

Never in my life i knew that it would happen to me! I simply can't believe that even i too need to attend the call of nature when i'm not willing to! WHY GOD WHY!!!

Today as i came back from office with the smallest steps ever taken in such high heels and of course my overtly tight clothes i was seeing stars in broad day light and my throat was awash with all the liquid inside me! But i had been brave to venture out in public every day, take a flight and even attend birthday parties, all without showing even the slightest need of a toilet. i had learned finally how to behave like a lady! And i walked out of my office i was surprised to find that my fantastic control has again set in and i was in complete control of situation and i suddenly started believing that i could still hold for many more days! I over rated my abilities and went to the pub to challenge my bladder! I gulped down 3 pints of beer which hit my bladder hard as it was already screaming for relief as it was trying to stretch itself beyond belief! Pains and cramps hit my body, i was sweating but i was smiling because i was strangely enjoying the new found dangerous game!

But little did i know that would be such a big mistake! The moment i stood, my bladder almost opened my flood gates immediately shooting a small spurt which lasted for over a second! i was shocked! how could i be fooled by my bladder! But even that small spurt was released with so much pressure that it created a small puddle which could be equivalent to an outcome of an average bladdered girl! but fortunately my skirt was too short that it did not get wet but just my thongs were wet!

However it was enough for me to realize the most feared thing. I f i could release so much pee in just one spurt how much would i be holding inside! that sent goosebumps all across my body! and i hurried home!

The moment i started to walk my desperation reached new peaks but there was no stopping even when each step proved to be a huge bursting shock for my bladder! By 9pm i reached home!

No sooner did i lock the door behind me, i shot a spurt. i just had seconds to act! I held my breath and made a mad dash for my bathroom coz it was better to pee in a commode rather than wetting myself! But there was till now water, so i ran to the basement and quickly found a drum! and without even bothering about my clothes i sat over it and reluctantly i decided to have relief!

I now voluntarily opened my flood gates and let the pee gush out like a fire hose! I made sure to start and stop every few seconds to enjoy the relief as well as make sure that my muscles get stronger and stronger! It must have been 7 minutes and the flow still continued with an inch thick torrent with full force! after a total time of 9 minutes i finally emptied my bladder !

14 DAYS worth of literally boiling pee had been filled in the drum to its brim!

That was a world record, even though it was not official i knew that i had defeated both Minx and Erica by resisting the temptation f peeing for 14 days 12 hours and a volume of 25 liters! So now I take an OATH that from now on i will pee only once in every two weeks to enjoy this life of being a true modern girl!

- - -

*002*2026-01-01 17:49

{{21 minutes ago, Stu1313 said:

I can tell that you truly enjoy writing these stories, I love all the detail work that you put into them. 😃😃

}}

This.

You just hit the bull's eye here. I LOUVVEEE writing these kind of stories and especially when I am bursting myself. 🤤

