Weekly meeting

Author: Rune Vesgina

*000*2020-07-31 07:33

Hello l’m Angelica you can call me angel Today I have a weekly meeting at this hospital.

This weekly meeting is very time-consuming, so accidents can happen all the time, such as using the toilet so I put a moisture absorbing pad on my vagina and put on my underwear.I dressed in a nurse uniform before wearing my underwear. I walked to the box, put on a absorbent pad and opened it, but unfortunately it is all gone.

( Okay, I can't put any absorbent pads on. I think i can stand )

I put on my floral underwear and headed to the hospital. I arrived at the hospital in 10 minutes. The meeting was about to start and I hurried to step up and enter the meeting room in time.I sat my regular seat and a nurse sat beside me greeted me.

“ Hey Angelica Long time no see ”

She is Demonica, my rival nurse. We have known each other since childhood. Compete from a young age, whether studying, working.

“ Good morning everyone ” Our department head Vivian came to the meeting room.

“ Good morning Vivian ” Everyone got up from the seat, inviting Vivian to sit to open the meeting.The meeting began. Everyone in the meeting room received a glass of cold water.

The meeting went smoothly without any problems. The cold water of everyone in the meeting room was gone one by one but Demonica was the one who drank as much water as I observed now. and the time was before noon. I started to urge from the bladder but it still didn't have much effect I still held it comfortably and I noticed some of the nurses attending this meeting, including Damonica, moving their thighs, but they were still unaffected and sipping cold water.

It's noon But the hospital meetings do not have time to go to lunch or go to the bathroom, so the staff will provide snacks at the meeting room is a chocolate cake side by side with another glass of orange juice, and the people in the meeting room quickly handle it and continued meeting. About half an hour passed and I felt more pressure in the bladder, but not the only one who felt pressure in the bladder. Almost all nurses in the meeting room began to squeeze the thighs and push their hands between their legs.

“ How long will this meeting take? ” Demonica spoke up as she crossed her legs and slightly shook her butts.

“ You know that weekly meetings spend the day in meetings. ” I responded to Demonica as I began to move my thighs a bit, the coldness from the air conditioner and the coldness of the water that flowed through my stomach caused me to continually increase the pressure on my bladder. I took my coat that I wore when I drove to the hospital to my lap to warm the bladder to make the bladder unresponsive at the moment that I was about to pick up my robe, I heard the fart of my other nurse and I saw Vivien's strange symptoms. She is sometimes rubbing her abdomen or tensing her buttocks but I didn't pay much attention.

After an hour, Vivian began to stutter, and the side nurse and nurse on my other side used my buttocks to push the chair back. Contracting with a fart sound that starts to be heard more and more clearly Demonica crossed her legs more intensely than before, her hands being protruding until she saw a white panties but was covered by her stockings and gagged in her vagina, and other nurses wouldn't. May be still, someone shakes his own back and forth Some people got up slightly from the chair to make it easy to squeeze their thighs. I am no different from them, but I can stay still, but I have to contract the pelvic muscles all the time. If I relax, my pee will come out and my skirt will get wet immediately.

Time has passed, until now, with one hour left. The meeting will stop. All nurses now can't focus on the meeting. Now they must try to not let it come out in the meeting room. Vivian now no longer conceals her symptoms. She got out of the chair, contracting the sphincter muscles and filling her hands with her anus, not letting it out. Demonica had contracted the pelvic floor muscles more than ever, but now her underwear has clearly become darker. She closed her eyes and tears washed her cheeks and told me that

“ A…..Angel, I think I…...I will not h…..hold it f…...for long. ” I didn't listen to that Demonica said because now I'm focused on my pelvic muscles and I get out of my chair and cross my legs violently.

After some time, some nurses could no longer hold anything in their intestines or bladder.They began to pull down their stockings and underwear and sat squatting

“ Sorry, Vivian. I can't keep holding on…….AH! ”

PSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

Some nurses pee out, but there are some who are unable to discuss the skirt or pull her underwear in time, and their skirts have dark patches and golden liquid flowing out on their legs and the pile of feet together.

“ Sorry, I couldn't take off my skirt. ” She blushed with tears in her cheeks and her pee slowly poured out.

What I saw made me more nervous and it made me leak. My skirt had no dark patches, but my underwear was so moist that it could not handle the golden liquid until it drip a little on the floor but then Damonica turned red and started to cry and told me

“ I can't hold anymore. I .... ah ”

PSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

The golden liquid ejected from Demonica's underwear and flooded the chair she was sitting on until she finished pee and took off her stockings and panty from the white panty obviously changing to yellow and with time passing by, there were some nurses who couldn't hold it and released. Some skirts got wet and some skirts were tung from the back and brown marks appeared. Until the remaining five minutes, the meeting would stop. Vivian knelt down to the ground and constantly stabbed her hand in the anus.

Vivien used all her strength to get up at the table and speak into the microphone.

“ I……...I would like to end this meeting. T…….Thanks to all of you who p……...participated in this meeting and see you at the ne…...It will come out ”

Vivian had not yet finished speaking, rushed to the meeting room door, but she stopped at the front of the door and bent, tears began to bathe her cheeks and the sound of farting until Vivian's skirt became more tense and the underwear Her weight could not bear the weight of the stool, causing it to fall to Vivian's feet. It was a light blue color, but it was covered with brown from the feces, but Vivian's feces didn't have just this, they just stacked up on the ground until the stool came out completely, it could be called a small mountain. Then Vivian collapsed her butt over her feces, causing the skirt to brown, and Vivian cried out and all nurses rushed. Going to comfort Vivia and for a moment. Vivian feels better. Made me forget what I had to do until my bladder warned me

“ Ah! ”

I leaked a bit, causing my skirt to appear dark spots. I rushed out of the conference room and complained to the mind that 'I can't hold it anymore' and about five to six nurses followed me and I could reach the front of the bathroom, but there were only three.

“ Okay, three of you use the bathroom first. ”

“ AH! Thank you Senior ”

“ I can’t hold it longer ”

“ Ha ha ha ”

So I let the three junior nurses to use and the rest of the nurses go to the restroom but both nurses did not move and had squatting and another nurse ran to the sinks, climbed, and broke through her underwear and pee out.

“ Sorry, angel we can't stand it anymore.haaaaa ”

“ Haaaaaaaaa ”

PSHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

The pee sound made me anxious and leaked again. The dark spot on my skirt began to expand. I immediately rushed to another bathroom, but the restroom was too far away for me to hold so I went to the nearby nursing room and asked to go to the bathroom. I opened the door of that nursing room. There was no nurse. So I rushed to the bathroom but…..

“ L…..Lock ”

Someone went to the bathroom. No, I can't hold it anymore. I smashed the bathroom door violently and frequently, and tears began to shower in my cheeks.

“ Sir, hurry to use the bathroom. I can't hold it anymore. ”

The bathroom door opened. There was a nurse with short brown hair as the earlobe came out, and I rushed into the toilet. I don't have time to pull my underwear down.

PSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

The golden liquid came out of my vagina and ran down the toilet. Nurse, short hair, flushed face and turned away from me pee finished. My underwear was moist and changed color from white to yellow, obviously like Monica's panty. I left the bathroom and pulled my underwear down until I saw my vagina. The short haired nurse was shocked and rushed to lock the door and told me

" Why are you taking off your pants in the middle of my room? "

I saw that nurse's reaction, which made me want to tease her a little longer so I took off my nursing clothes. That nurse saw my chest and increased redness.

“ hahahaha You are so cute. ”

And the story of my weekly meeting ends

