Jazzed ep. 1 (Original Story)

Author: RatPrince

*000*2019-04-04 03:45

(Hey ya'll! This is my first time posting a story here so i'm really nervous. I hope it's enjoyable and acceptable!)

An empty bottle of champagne lays next to a half-empty bottle of wine. The laughs of the last two women in the bar ring out across the dim room.

“Alright, Alright” Z said breathlessly , placing a hand on Ladybird’s arm, “you about ready to head out?”

Ladybird shifts in her seat, looking towards the back of the bar, “yeah, I suppose so, but...maybe I should go to the bathroom first…”

“Tha bartender already cleaned it for tha night. It’s generous that we were even allowed ta stay this long, ya know?” Z stood up, throwing her coat on, “Tha hotel is only a 15 minute walk away, ya can make it that long, cant ya?”

Ladybird stood up unsteadily, stumbling and holding onto Z for balance, “m-maybe…”

Z threw her arm around Ladybird’s shoulder, “only maybe? How fun~”

Ladybird felt her full bladder sink down as she stood, the urge that had previously been a whisper now making itself loud and clear. She had been holding it since the start of the show, and now it had been quite a while and a few drinks later, but Z made a good point- it was too late now, right? She put her coat on and they both stumbled out into the night, the cold air hitting her and ramping up her desperation all the more. As they walked she tried to focus on the warmth of Z’s body, studying the bright red lips and emerald eyes that shone out brightly against her rich brown skin. She could feel the softness of her lips even though she wasn’t kissing her...yet… she knew she would soon, the alcohol making her unafraid, and desperate…

She felt her pussy throb, tingling with both her desperate need to pee and growing arousal. She felt her bladder spasm, stopping dead in her tracks as she felt her underwear getting slightly wet.

“F-fuck” she whispered.

Z looked down at her, “what is it?”

She crossed her legs tightly, “I...really need to pee”

A grin spread across Z’s face, “we could stop in an alleyway…”

Ladybird blushed deep, “absolutely NOT”

She took a deep breath and started walking again slowly, but, to her dismay, Z started pulling her forward,

“We better pick up the pace so ya don’t piss yerself” Z snickered.

Ladybird had to almost jog in order to keep up with Z, causing the contents of her over-full bladder to slosh around. The desperation and alcohol made her mind swim as she pictured all the various bad outcomes of her situation-

She stumbles and falls over, the shock of the fall causing her bladder to release its contents all over herself and the sidewalk, or,

She caves in and rushes into an alleyway, tearing down her stockings and underwear and pissing hard on the pavement as Z looks on with a grin, and naturally that’s when a person would walk back, or maybe a cop, and then everyone would be talking about the great jazz singer Ladybird was caught pissing in public like some kind of slut, dress rolled up so she was fully on display...

She felt a short spurt of pee coming out and her hand shot down, pressing against her throbbing pussy. Her crotch was damp, but whether that was from leaked pee or arousal was impossible to tell. It seemed shamelessly holding herself as she hurried along was the best option she had.

They finally reached the hotel and Ladybird felt her bladder spasm hard with the promise of incoming relief. She broke off from Z and started to run, pee leaking out of her and she bolted up the stairs and into the hallway. She reached the door and realized, with horror, that she didn’t have the key.

“Fuck! Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck” she cursed, breathing hard, holding herself with both hands and pressing hard against her pussy, legs crossed. She leaned against the door and started rubbing herself slightly, which took the edge off her need but made her arousal all the worse. After a few hour-long minutes, Z strolled up the stairs and down the hall, hotel room key in her hand,

“Well, well, well, what do we have here?” Z smirked.

“P-please…” Ladybird stammered.

“Please?!” Z exclaimed with mock confusion, “please what?”

“please let me into the room” Ladybird begged, trying to keep from panicking.

“Oh? Why should I?” Z asked, leaning in towards her.

“B-because!”

“Because why?”

“Because I really really really need to pee!!” Ladybird exclaimed, finally, heart pounding.

“Ya do?! I had no idea!” Z had a wicked look in her eye, stepping close to her and running her hand over Ladybird’s stomach down to her crotch where her hands were desperately attempting to hold back the tide.

“May I feel?” Z whispered.

Ladybird noded, carefully and slowly removing her hands in place of Z’s. She shivered as she felt Z’s fingers press against her damp underwear, and started to desperately grind against her.

But it wasn’t enough.

“Z-Z Please… I-I-I can’t…”

She felt herself fall backwards as Z opened the door, a large spurt of pee gushing out of her as she caught herself, stumbling a few steps into the room, managing to barely make it into the bathroom before the floodgates burst open. Hot pee gushed out of her, some streaming down her slender legs and some pouring straight from her pussy onto the floor in a single stream. She felt her legs grow weak as relief rushed over her, tossing her head back and letting out a noise halfway between a sigh and a moan. There was no way to stop the flow, and at this point she didn’t even want to. She peed for what felt like years, head still spinning as the stream lightened and finally stopped.

“Oh you DIRTY GIRL!” Z exclaimed, snapping Ladybird out of her high.

Her cheeks burned with embarrassment, a desperation of a different kind overwhelming her,

She talked in a higher pitch than usual “i-i couldn’t hold it~”

Z looked her up and down, “look at yerself- yer completely soaked!”

Ladybird looked at herself in the bathroom mirror, seeing the full extent of the damage. Her stockings, panties, and some of her dress were completely soaked, though luckily she had managed to kick her shoes off in her rush the the bathroom.

“Well, we oughta get ya cleaned up then, shouldn’t we?” Z said.

“Mmm-hmm” Ladybird agreed, peeling off her wet clothes to reveal her smooth, slender body. She stepped into the shower, glancing at Z.

“Are you going to help me~? I clearly need it.”

Z grinned wide, throwing off her own clothes, “ya CLEARLY do.”

Before she knew it Ladybird was pinned against the shower wall, hot water falling on her nude ebony body as Z’s soft lips pressed against hers, her tongue deep in her mouth. Z slid one of her hands down to Ladybird’s soaking wet pussy, her fingers gently rubbing her clit. Ladybird let out a moan, using her now free hand to grab one of Z’s large breasts, squeezing it firmly. Z let out something of a purr and started rubbing Ladybird’s clit faster while kissing and sucking on her neck. Ladybird moaned somewhat loudly, grinding against Z’s hand. She felt her pussy tingle and throb, and realized it was more than just Z’s doing.

“Z-Z?” She moaned,

“What is it, my dirty little bird?” Z asked before kissing her neck again.

“I...I still need to pee.” Ladybird blushed deeply.

“Then let it out~” Z cooed as she stopped rubbing Ladybird’s clit,her hand simply resting against her pussy “let it all out, sweetheart~”

She relaxed and in a few moments more hot pee was streaming out of her and onto Z’s hand, mixing with the hot water from the shower. Ladybird let out a moan as Z started rubbing her clit again, using her other hand to slip a few fingers into Ladybird’s desperate and soaking wet pussy. It was only a little while after that that Ladybird came hard, moaning loudly as her pussy pulsed. She leaned against the wall, hardly able to stand, breathing hard as Z turned off the shower.

Z stepped out and grabbed a towel for herself, holding another one out to Ladybird. “Well then, how about I give ya a little while to recover and then ya come to bed and return the favor?”

Ladybird reached out and took the towel, breathing hard, “gladly.”

