The Model Who Pushed Her limits

Author: runsy

*000*2024-12-10 20:14

Alice had been enjoying life lately. Streaming had gotten her a steady fan-base and her creator friend group often co-streamed with her. Her side content with OnlyFans had been doing nice as well, building up her confidence and comfort as she gradually released more risque content. At this point in her life, the thought of pushing boundaries excited her, although she wasn’t quite ready to be fully nude on camera.

One day she received a message with a request that intrigued her:

“I’m offering $500 for premium pee desperation content. I love to watch women hold their bursting bladders in uncomfortable situations. You do not have to be nude. I want you to practice ‘rapid desperation’ by taking that Stanley cup you have drinking 2 full cuploads of water, and finish it up with a beer. Then I want your friend to drive you to the mall, do some shopping, and when you feel desperate, leave for home. I want your driver to tell you not to pee in their car (The more believable acting the better). Please record the whole car ride and try your absolute best to make it back home. I really wanna see the struggle and panic that you might not make it out of the car. Obviously your driver would have to know this challenge so that they can act appropriately. I hope you take my challenge, and look forward to your reply!”

Alice read the message and sat thinking for a second. She had been in a similar situation before at a concert where she waited in line needing to pee. She remembered her heart racing, and the rush she got, and decided this was another boundary she could push. But who would agree to drive her like this? Which one of her friends would help with that content? She had other model friends, and decided Layla was a good choice. She’s easygoing, laidback, but can be fierce and demanding. What if Layla was unaware, would that make it even better? Alice decided this would be her own devious plan, and maybe a chance to milk even more from her potential client.

“$600 and the driver would be unaware of the situation, just that I need to pee. I’ll let them know later.” She replied.

“It’s a deal!” a message came back not 30 seconds later.

Alice decided that some practice was in order to get used to the feeling, and understand her limits. She filled up her Stanley cup and drank it very quickly. The cold water could be felt in her chest as it went into her stomach and stayed there. She filled it a second time, and began to drink again, albeit a bit slower as she could only down so much at the time. Her stomach already felt so full that she let out a loud belch to clear some room. She shivered a bit as she went to her fridge for a beer… All that cold water was lowering her body temperature and she realized her once flat abs had a liquid bulge that acted as bloat.

Alice found an oatmeal stout in the fridge she had bought a few days prior… 2 cans left. I guess this was perfect. She sat down at her computer and popped the tab, beginning to drink slowly. She let out another belch, but now felt another sensation. All that weight on her stomach made her realize her bowels had little space. Needing to poop in the video would not do, and she would need to ensure this didn’t happen on the actual day. Alice went and used the bathroom to clear the other need, and lost some pee in the process. Taking note of this inconvenience, she figured she’d just prepare before drinking liquid on the day she planned to shoot her video to avoid needing to empty her bowels later.

About an hour into her game, Alice felt her bladder balloon and suddenly was wiggling in her chair. The game eventually failed holding her interest, as she began placing her hands on her crotch as opposed to her mouse and keyboard, and she found her hand inside the waistband of her pants, finger pushing into her panties to clamp her urethra shut. She knew the toilet was close, and maybe it was boredom, maybe it was discomfort, but she got up, went to the toilet, lowered her jeans, and sat there with a blissful release.

“Oops” she suddenly remembered, “I was challenging myself to hold to see how long I can make it. Oh well, it should be fine.”

She then hit up Layla on discord, asking if she’s free to go shopping sometime soon. Layla replied that she had been planning to go to the mall about 15 minutes from Alice’s place tomorrow, and that she could pick up Alice around 9 in the morning.

“Great!” Alice thought. “The sooner I can get this recorded, the sooner I can get paid!”

Alice began playing her game again only to find that in 20 minutes, she needed to pee again. This time she decided to try and hold on. She dug in and focused on her game, trying to ignore the wiggling and the heat that would be building up as her bladder warmed and filled. She could also feel herself getting a little excited and soon she was in the same predicament, hand in pants, finger on hole, trying to keep everything in. This time, it began to hurt a little bit, so she decided to end her hold, and go pee again. She now knew the sensation she’d like to get to while filming. She’d probably just ask Layla to pull over or something if she needed it.

Alice woke up late the next morning, 8 AM. She realized that Layla was picking her up in an hour and she hadn’t even prepped yet in the morning. She drank 2 cups of cold brew coffee in her fridge to start her bowels while filling up her Stanley cup and heading into her room to do makeup. Within 10 minutes the coffee had her ready to go and she sat on her toilet to finish that prep. She silently thanked her body for being willing to cooperate, and finished her makeup in record time. She put on a white blouse with a maroon sweater over it to keep from shivering when the extra water inevitably made herself cold. A denim skirt finished her outward appearance while underneath she put on a white thong she enjoyed shooting content with… her labia would often suck in the fabric, and make it look as if she wasn’t wearing anything at all. Her fans loved it and she was sure the client would like it for this shoot.

Alice finally grabbed her phone tripod she used to shoot content with and propped it up on her kitchen counter. She put her phone on record and said “Tada! Here’s my fit for today!” with her arms stretched wide. “Also, I’m wearing a little surprise underneath!” she said, lifting her skirt to show what could be seen of the thong, but mostly her vagina hungrily consuming the fabric. “Now I’m going to drink what I need to in order to get myself ready!” she said, and as soon as she finished that sentence, she popped the top off her cup, and began drinking it down, with small rivulets of water escaping each side of her mouth. A small amount fell onto her sweater but she finished the first cup. “Number 2!” she said, filling the cup up again from her fridge water dispenser. “I’m already a little cold, and I can feel my stomach filling up!”

Without anything else in her stomach, no breakfast, no food, the second cup went down a bit quicker, although the same familiar belch arose, and she clutched her chest from the cold water causing a slight freezing pain. “I think my nipples are hard!” she said. Alice opened her fridge and reached in for the last oatmeal stout, threw her head back and chugged until there was no more left.

“Oh my god, I feel so bloated!” she cried. “This better be worth it for you!” she said, pointing at the camera. A sudden knock at her door brought her back to reality as she opened it to find Layla ready to go.

“I see you’re all ready!” she says, motioning for Alice to come along.

“Yeah, let me grab my tripod and phone, I want to record some footage for a video to upload” said Alice. Being a content creator and a model, this was not an out of the norm request.

Alice had left the camera recording as they drove off toward the mall. They talked about what they were looking for, how the LA traffic is always annoying, what games they were playing recently. Several trucks of men in vests were on the sides of the road, and they commented at how it looked like construction was getting started. “Good!” said Alice, “these roads get so packed, they need to add lanes or something!”

“I have no idea what they could do to fix all the traffic at this point” replied Layla, “too many people, too many cars, not nearly enough public transit”.

The mall was at a junction where 2 freeways intersected, so they got off the freeway and got to a parking lot. Alice felt small twinges to her bladder already, which she thought was a bit fast compared to the previous night, but grabbed her phone and left the tripod in the car. Inside the store they began by looking in the lingerie department for new clothes to try on in future shoots. 20 minutes had passed, and Alice started to feel desperate, and a little sweaty, as Layla took an armful of lingerie toward the fitting rooms. Suddenly the power went out. The entire store was pitch black except for the light coming from the glass doors, showing the bright sunlight. Soon the emergency generator kicked the lights back on, but before Layla could continue, a voice over the PA stated that power lines had been knocked out due to freeway construction, and that the generator was having issues, so patrons needed to leave their shopping and exit the store.

Alice groaned as they walked out to the car. “I guess we should just go home,” she said. Layla agreed, and Alice worriedly hopped into the car, set up her tripod and put her phone into record in a way that captured herself perfectly in the frame. If she was going to make that money, she figured she might as well record it right. As Layla drove off, Alice could feel the bumps making her bladder slosh, a new sensation she didn’t experience when sitting alone playing games. It was more uncomfortable than previous and she wondered why she was filling up so quickly? Then it dawned on her: She had 2 cups of coffee to prime herself ahead of the drinking…

“What an absolute moron I am!” she thought, realizing that she may soon get past the point of discomfort she had experienced the previous night. She turned to Layla who had an annoyed look on her face.

“Look at this bullshit!” Layla blurted out, motioning grandly at the traffic displayed beyond the windshield as far as the eye could see. The light turned green and Layla slowly lurched toward the onramp only to find it now closed with a construction sign, detouring them to the other freeway. “That’s great! Really hand us an additional 30 minutes of travel!” Layla grunted angrily as she merged toward the onramp of the second freeway.

It was a single lane on-ramp, with no shoulder to speak of and a large stretch of cars in front of, and behind the duo as Layla slowly let off the brakes, and applied them again as cars were slowly allowed to merge in. Alice sat there in shock, and panic, her palms began to sweat as she crossed her legs at her ankles and began to dig in.

“I think I’m going to need to stop somewhere to pee…” spoke Alice softly, staring at the ocean of vehicles slowly moving and stopping. “Well, I when we get to the next exit, I can get off somewhere and we’ll find a toilet” said Layla, sighing exasperatedly as she applied the brakes again. Alice felt the familiar strain from the previous night, the point where she had decided enough was enough, and to use the bathroom. However this time, there was no where to go. She lifted her skirt a bit, and began to push her finger into her lips, up against the fabric, to hold on.

Alice watched the stereo clock as it seemed to sit still. “9:43 am” it read. She looked to find they hadn’t moved an inch forward. She looked out her window to see railing at her eye level, posted on a cement wall beneath it. “Opening my door isn’t an option” she thought, “it’d just hit the wall… no way to squeeze out.” She looked out Layla’s window “Same issue… why is this on ramp so small!? What if there was an accident?! What if I have an accident!?”

Alice felt her back begin to ache slightly, unaware if it was all the pee she was holding in, or the tightness of her body and muscles working to hold back wave after wave of desperation. She was breathing heavily, and felt her heart racing, but at the same time sheer embarrassment from the situation. Her face was was red and the thought “grown women don’t wet themselves” kept replaying in her head.

She suddenly felt heat down on her fingers, a pulsing like she was beginning to lose. She flexed her legs, her ankles bruising against each other, and began to pull her pelvic muscle like she’d never pulled before. She let out an audible grunt. A slight dampness hit the fabric of her thong, no more than a drop, but she could tell it was there. Her eyes went back to the clock: “9:44 am.” They then met the road, they had moved maybe a foot, maybe… Was it a foot? Were they still where they had been?

Layla began rambling about how this area needed a cleansing, or a plague or something… Alice was hardly able to hear the rant due to the blood rushing to her ears. In the breaks of the rant, she found herself mumbling “mmm hmm” but knew there was no comprehension happening on her end.

9:46 am… “Why? Why were they stuck? Why are so many people here… Why are my muscles giving out? Why is it getting damp.. Oh God! It’s getting damp!” Alice realized as she snapped back to reality and clamped down hard again. She grunted, and flexed, and paused what was leaking, and tried desperately to will her muscles to suck it back in. A large exhale passed her teeth as she eased up on the flex, having stopped another leak.

“Oh my god!” Layla cried. “How bad do you have to go, why didn’t you go at the store!?” asked Layla.

“The power went out and I didn’t have a chance!” replied Alice in a cry.

“No, I mean, you could’ve just popped a squat in the parking lot!” shot back Layla, clearly upset at Alice’s predicament. “I just got this car cleaned, I don’t want a mess in here!”

“I know…” said Alice sheepishly. “I thought I’d be home by the time it got this bad”

“What do you mean you ‘thought you’d be home?’” questioned Layla.

Alice finally broke her silence: “I was asked to hold my pee for $600 dollars for a client, and I decided to take the offer but now I’m full on regretting it!” cried Alice.

“Shit, hold on.” said Layla, reaching into the back of her car to look for anything to help Alice. “Cup.. cup cup? Towel… bag… Nothing! How do I have nothing! Don’t pee in my car!” cried Layla

Alice could feel the tears beginning to well up. Her eyes clenched tight, her mouth grimaced outward, flexing her cheeks to the point of soreness. Another leak began to push its way out as she began to flex her pelvic floor again, but something was different this time. At the peak of her flex, her body let go, and a spurt shot out into what little fabric her thong had. Her finger was now wet, but the spurt was the end as her muscles took over again.

“Oooooh myyyyyy goooooood…” Alice moaned as she held it back, her back now arching as her legs held tight together. 9:48 the clock read as she peaked through her eyes and began exhaling and inhaling sharply. She didn’t know what to do… The door, grab the handle… no, the door can’t open.

“Hold on!” Layla nearly screamed. “When we get onto the freeway I can let you off at the shoulder!”

Alice nodded, not quite understanding what she agreed to. 9:49… another spurt escaped. Alice clamped down again. It stopped, but then started again. She clamped down again. It stopped, and then started… She began to panic as even clamping down let a spurt out, followed by a stop, followed by a spurt. She could feel the seat starting to get wet, so she cupped both hands tightly against the bottom of her vagina, the wet thong having surpassed it’s saturation limit from being so small. Another spurt shot into her hands as she pushed her hands in tightly, and another and another. The pee, having nowhere to escape from the tightness of her fingers clamped to the base of her buttocks could only go up and out, as it began to climb toward her palms and leak out at her wrists.

“Please don’t pee in my car, Alice, please don’t!” cried Layla as she looked over at Alice to see the slow seepage of pee dripping up and over her cupped hands onto the chair! “No, NO!” she cried

Alice fought, and fought, and clenched and flexed and tried with ALL her might to hold back, but each flex, each clench, was met with an immediate and opposite reaction of a leak, a spurt, a splash. Finally, it slowed. The pee pooling in the leather seat as Alice slumped down into the puddle, having exhausted herself in holding back. She still REALLY needed to pee, but the urge was less now. 9:51, Alice looked up, began to softly cry, only to see Layla, stern faced, staring forward at the road, glaring at the cars.

“I’m sorry…” said Alice sheepishly. No reply from Layla. Alice started down at her wet skirt, her soaking wet hands, and wiped them on her lap. “Don’t touch anything.” said Layla angrily. But Alice still needed to pee. She fought past the leaks, but she had no idea of the flood about to come. 9:55 the urge came back. 9:56 the leak happened again as Alice could only whimper. It started small. It quickly picked up pace. Alice tried to flex but her muscles refused. Soon, it wasn’t even spurting out anymore, it was hissing.

“NO!” Layla cried, but Alice had given up. It pooled in the seat, until it had nowhere left to pool, and began cascading down the front of the seat, the sides of the seat, the back part of the seat. Alice simply put her face in her hands and cried.

“You’re using some of the money to clean my car!” cried Layla. Alice could only nod in agreement.

They finally made it onto the freeway and Layla pulled off to the shoulder. Alice gingerly opened the door, and stepped out onto the pavement, dripping from the back of her drenched denim skirt. She looked back to notice her phone still on the tripod, on the dashboard, still recording. She wiped her hands against her sweated, and pulled the phone off the tripod, and turned off the recording.

That night, Alice watched the video. She watched it in full. She watched it again and again… She was so turned on by the panic, the fear, the blood pumping… She had a good time.

She messaged the client. Said there had been some problems, and the price was now 800. The client accepted, and he immediately sent an 800 dollar tip. She was shocked. She couldn’t believe she received it so quick. She placed the video in a cloud store where she could see it was promptly being downloaded.

An hour later she received a message. Five stars. Maybe she had found a new calling?

*003*2024-12-19 18:53

{{On 12/11/2024 at 10:25 PM, now said:

The color of the letters doesn't even let me read well.

}}

Sorry, I've fixed it!

I had originally written this in a google doc just so I could think about things, make edits, etc.

When I copied it over to this forum, I didn't know it would make it black on grey.

