Secretly Female

Author: redlaw 

*015*2021-11-30 21:00

This story was actually originally planned to be for a sandbox-style desperation game made in RPG maker, before I realised I didn't have the art skills to do the graphics or the patience to write the programs for the scenarios I wanted. In that, the nurse would've been an important thing to set up early as the place where you end up when you've had an accident, so I'd planned it for the first day. In this story version, I still thought it was important to get out of the way early, so that I can write scenarios at some point in the future where she has an accident and needs to go to the nurse, without needing to then answer the question of why she hasn't turned her in by then. As I've said before, the plan with this first day is to get all "plot" stuff out of the way so that I can write disconnected scenarios in the future without needing to explain things piecemeal. 

This means Holly is going to have a very eventful first day... 

*017*2021-12-29 15:34

I've finished another half-chapter. I was going to cut it in two a bit earlier, after the thing with the teachers, but I ended up finding a better place the school building I made in a tabletop game map editor to better assist with visualising the descriptions in the second section. I'm not sure if the image will embed, but if not, it should be available for download somewhere at the bottom, like the spreadsheet I added before. 

Chapter 3 

“...wow, what a mess. What happened to cause this?” 

“A student with urinary retention due to first-day anxiety didn't take too well to the catheter...” 

“...oh, it's just a little scratch. Wait a moment, I'll get you a plaster...” 

“... yes, he's okay, he's taking a rest. Tell Miss Libra that he probably won't be up and about before lunchtime...” 

Snippets of conversations drifted through Holly's mind as she slept. She had always been strangely attentive to the room around her when she was sleeping, and she'd never really worked out why. It never seemed to affect her sleep quality though, so there was never any reason to do anything about it. 

“I await thee, heroine.” This voice was clearer than the others. It sloshed about in her mind like water, spreading warmth across her awareness. “Deliver unto me thine offering.” Holly jolted awake as the voice drained away, as if down a plughole. It did not appear to have come from the room around her, like the others, but she felt like it was more than just a dream. As she looked around, gathering her bearings, the nurse addressed her. “Ah, Miss Green, I see you've awoken. Did you have a good rest? I was going to wake you up at lunchtime in about half an hour, but it seems you're already wide awake.” Holly nodded non-committally, looking around in concern as the woman addressed her as a female. “Don't worry, there's no one here and the door is locked. Now, I got your official name from a student who was sent looking for you, but would you tell me your real name? I can't imagine you're still Holvar as a female.” 

“H- Holly. My name is Holly.” 

“Well then Holly, let's talk a bit about your situation. First, the sole concern of the nursing staff at this school is the health and safety of the students. We are duty bound to protect any private health information even from the school administration, so I won't tell anyone about you. You aren't the first female to try to attend this school; we get one every few years. Unfortunately, as far as I know, none have successfully graduated. The last case was three years ago, and she was discovered when she was found urinating behind the bicycle shed, but I sincerely hope you fare better. I can't offer you a huge amount of assistance, especially because after that most recent case, the school has been clamping down on the techniques that we'd used to provide assistance to female students.

I used to write notes for female students describing 'chronic dermatitis on the upper back, which requires a waterproof dressing to prevent inundation', which allowed them to hide their chest binding during swimming lessons with waterproof tape, but after that most recent girl, the school has decided to be less trusting and wants someone on the staff to adjudicate any situations like that, so it can no longer work. 

However, if you find yourself in need of a toilet and have found nowhere else you can go, then just one in a while, you can come here and I might be able to provide you with a bedpan. Or two.” She glanced over toward the sink as she said this, thinking about the incredible quantity of urine that the girl in front of her had released about half an hour ago. “Bear in mind, though, that there will be other students in here from time to time, and that if you're constantly going in here with visible urgency and leaving relieved, it will attract unwanted attention, and could leave both of us in a spot.” 

The nurse turned toward her desk and withdrew some clothes from a drawer. “Anyway, I took the liberty of disposing of the ruined clothing you left on my floor, and brought some replacements from the school shop. Don't worry, the clerk gives them to me for free if I need them for a patient. I wasn't able to get any underwear though, so for the moment, you'll need to make do without. Your shoes are over on the heater, and your jacket and regalia are on the table there.” She gestured to the side of the bed, where the red jacket lay beneath an assortment of belts and sashes. “I don't know whether you had some sort of chest binding, but if not you should consider one, as those things are pretty obvious.” 

The infirmary was fairly cold, and when Holly looked down, she started with surprise as she noted how visible her nipples had become under her thin shirt and vest. She stripped off fully and retrieved the binding from her jacket pocket, winding it around herself clumsily as she shivered. She wriggled back into the vest and was about to shrug her shirt back on when she noticed a light spattering of yellow around the hem. The clothing smelled slightly floral, with a hit of acridity, a scent Holly recognised as that of her own urine. Stray droplets must've been flying around and coated it during the chaos of her most recent voiding, she surmised dejectedly. It was bad enough that she'd ruined two pairs of underwear before lunchtime, the fact that she'd somehow also managed to cover two shirts in her emissions was difficult for the poor girl to accept. Fortunately, the nurse had procured a replacement, so she'd be able to dump this one too and try to forget about her disgrace. 

As she pulled up her new trousers, she noted with mild disdain how much more comfortable it was without her underpants. She didn't want to get used to going commando, but she couldn't deny that those men's underwear just weren't the right shape for her. After slipping on her shoes (without socks) and sorting out her jacket and regalia, she triple checked her fly, uncomfortably aware that a properly closed zip was the only thing preventing her classmates from getting an eyeful of vulva. “Are you all ready? Good.” The nurse unlocked the door, opening it for the refreshed girl as she headed back to her lessons. 

Her current lesson was a single period of Mathematics with a Miss Libra, one of the few female teachers in the school. She strode through the corridors confidently, relieved as she was of the litres of urine that she'd been carrying in her previous journeys through them. Shameful though it was, she found that walking around without underwear was rather pleasant. She felt free, as if the garments were a weight pressing down on her that had now been lifted. Minute temperature differences as she moved between sunny and shaded areas, the slight breeze as she forced still air aside and the minute movements of her clothes as she moved through each step were all suddenly so much more apparent than they usually were. 

Holly quickly found the door to room 1A and cautiously stepped through. She was greeted by forty-odd pairs of eyes, and a wave of self-consciousness washed over her. She had to resist the temptation to check on her fly once more, and she became acutely aware of her breasts straining against their binding. At the front of the class stood the armoured woman she'd seen earlier who'd led the Iu house students off to their drill practice, and that teacher addressed her now as she cowered unconsciously in the doorway. “Ah, you must be Holvar. I was told you'd be resting until lunchtime, is your stomach better already?” 

“Ah... uh... yes Miss.” Holly responded unconfidently. 

“Oh, that's good. Now, take a seat, and I'll introduce myself again. After all, I'm sure you're wondering, just like everyone else, what the deal with the armour is.” The redheaded woman smiled warmly, but Holly couldn't help but notice a hint of strain behind it, and the woman shifted her weight noticeably as Holly found her way to her desk. 

“I am Kritie Libra, a paladin of Iu. I wear this armour according to the vows of my order – the greatest of which is to always be prepared to uphold the law. 'Why is a paladin of Iu teaching Mathematics instead of punishing criminals?', you might ask. Well, Iu, as the goddess of Law and Order, does not just deal with things related to the law of the land and the stability of nations, no. Law and Order covers all sorts of other things that can be described by consistent systems of reasoning, including things like the Laws of Nature and the Laws of Mathematics. And paladins of Iu, similarly, do not all take martial duties related to the laws of the land such as police and court officials. 

My duty to the Lady of Law is to spread her laws to the people, and to do that, I have become a Maths teacher. Now, Holvar.” She turned to the blackboard behind her, chalk in hand, and began scrawling upon it, keeping her thighs pressed together and pushing her bum out excessively as she bent forward. A few moments later, she stepped away from the board and retreated to the chair behind her desk, which had been turned to the side to look into the classroom. “You weren't here at the start of the lesson, but I skimmed through the information provided with your application, and your Mathematics scores were high. I don't expect you'll have much trouble with this, but please go ahead and show me that I don't need to schedule you for a make-up lesson. Come and write any working and your answer on the board.” 

The problem written on the board was a simple fraction arithmetic problem. There were a few parts to it, but it was no challenge to Holly, who quickly did the working in her head and darted up to the front of the classroom to scribble her answer after the equals sign, trying to avoid spending too long in the class's focus. “Absolutely correct, well done. You could stand to show a bit more working though – you should try to show anyone examining your work not just that you can get the answer, but how you got it too. Very well, until the end of the lesson, start working through page 45, questions 1 to 20 in the textbook on your desk like the rest of the class.” The woman leaned back and crossed her legs, squirming subtly as Holly got to work. 

---- 

Kritie Libra had not had the best morning. The school was really not equipped to cater to women in any way. The staff barracks toilets had been closed for cleaning when she woke up, and the unisex toilet in the administration complex – the only toilet designed to be used by women on the main school site – was, like usual, occupied by Sister Xanthe, the religion teacher, both before school and during morning breaktime. That left Kritie in a rather inconvenient situation. Constricted by the unforgiving metal of her breastplate, her bladder pulsed violently in her abdomen, begging for release. 

With 10 minutes of the lesson yet to go, she rose to her feet. Squirming in her chair was no longer enough, so she began pacing slowly along the rows of desks, ostensibly looking for anyone who needed help. A particularly powerful spasm assailed her as she reached the back of the room, and she pressed her hands against her thighs and bent at the knees as she struggled to keep her sphincter closed. She looked around guiltily as she strained, relieved to see no one looking in her direction. Turning toward the next row as the spasm died down, she continued her desperate patrol before anyone noticed she'd stopped. 

Her situation was getting rapidly worse. Even though she was confident she'd manage to make it through the class and get to the toilet in time, she still had her armour to remove, which would take her quite a while on her own, especially with her range of motion limited by her urgency. At this point, if she wanted to make it in time, she'd need to find someone to help her undress – someone who wouldn't take pleasure in watching her squirm, and who wouldn't share what happened with everyone they knew. Ideally, the person to ask would be Sister Xanthe, but if she was around to ask, she'd already be in the toilet and Kritie would be forced to wait, and besides, she had prayers before lunchtime, so she was usually delayed then anyway. 

Fortunately, paladins of Iu were granted minor abilities through their faith, which allowed them to gauge the temperament and likely behaviour of the people around them. It wasn't a precise tool, it just gave them a vague feeling about people, but it hadn't failed Kritie before. She opened her senses to this ability now, and cast her gaze about the room. One student caught her attention immediately: the boy who'd come in late from the infirmary, Holvar Green. He practically glowed with trustworthiness, indeed, it was one of the strongest sensations she'd ever gotten from that ability. There was something beyond that, some hidden quality or secret that he was hiding, but it he still seemed like her best bet. She'd ask him to come with her at the end of the lesson. 

---- 

The teacher had begun pacing up and down the rows now, as the lesson began to draw to a close. Out of the corner of her eye, Holly noted a stiffness in the woman's posture as she strode slowly through the classroom. As much as Holly sympathised with her obvious situation, it also provided an opportunity for her: if she followed the teacher after the lesson, she'd be guided to a toilet for women without fail. It would probably be a staff toilet that she wasn't allowed to access, but it could still prove useful in the future if she knew where it was. 

The woman was working her way down Holly's row by this point, and as she passed Holly's desk, the student in front looked up to her and asked “how do I do this one” while pointing to the book. She took up a position behind him, leaning over him with both hands gripping the back of his chair as she looked over his shoulder at the book. She couldn't stand still as she explained the problem in more detail, and Holly's eyes were automatically drawn to the armoured rear that oscillated just in front of her desk. 

Miss Libra's armour was basically a metal leotard of sorts, with thigh-high sabatons and gauntlets that reached all the way to the shoulder. Holly was under the impression that clothing and mail were usually worn under plate armour, but the region of bare flesh between the seat of the cuirass and the top of the sabatons suggested that this may not be the case for her teacher. The curve of the woman's buttocks was just visible below where her legs disappeared behind the metal of her cuirass, and the muscles contracted visibly as she squirmed around. 

“...and what number can you think of that-” Holly heard the quietest liquid hissing sound as Miss Libra inhaled sharply and tensed fully, halting her explanation halfway through to focus on containing what could only have been a leak. “-that goes into both 36 and 48?” she finished as if nothing had happened, allowing the student to think before she continued her explanation. She returned to the front of the class after finishing with the student, arriving at the board just as the bell rang for lunchtime. “Okay, that's the bell. Class dismissed. Holvar, you're the Corporal of the Ea class right? Come with me, I have something I need you to help me with.” Miss Libra instructed loudly, already speed-walking toward the doorway of the classroom. 

Holly jumped up, hurrying to follow the speeding teacher, wondering why the clearly-bursting woman wanted her for something at that moment. Shouldn't she be rushing to the bathroom first? Had Holly misinterpreted what was going on? The redhead in front of her rushed through the hallways, walking awkwardly as she tried to keep her thighs together, heading in the same direction Holly had come about an hour before, but turning the other way at the bottom of the stairs, toward a door that led to an outside area. Upon leaving the school building, she fell against the exterior wall, shoving both hands into her crotch and lifting a leg. She stood in that position for a few moments as Holly approached, before jerking upright once more and making for a door to a different building just across the courtyard. 

The door was marked “Staff Only”, and Holly hesitated for a moment before following her teacher through. The pair came to a short hallway that opened out to a wider rectangular area at the end with a few seats, and a door with both male and female indicators upon it. “Okay Holvar, as you can see, I'm in a bit of a predicament. I haven't been to the bathroom since last night, and I'm...” she paused, uncertain of how much to say. “I need you to help me remove my armour, can you do that for me?” Holly nodded, happy to assist the struggling woman before her. The embarrassment she'd been suffering since the start of the day was not something she wished on anyone else, after all. “Okay, there are laces down each side of each sabaton that I need you to undo. I'll undo the laces on my hips and torso so I don't need to bend over. A- and don't tell anyone about this, please.” Her face turned red as she spoke the last sentence to the floor and began to pull off her gauntlets. 

Holly kneeled down in front of the bursting woman and started reaching for a sabaton, only to be kneed in the face as her teacher lifted her leg in desperation. “Sorry,” she squeaked through gritted teeth as a powerful contraction rolled through her. “It's fine” Holly responded quietly as she came around from behind instead, beginning to fiddle with the laces on the un-raised sabaton. The laces came undone easily, but there were a lot of them, and the squirming of the leg beneath made them difficult to properly grip. Holly finished the outer laces of the left leg quickly, and moved up toward the inner thigh, where the two pieces of armour were pressed together so as to make the laces nigh-inaccessible. 

Thin trails of liquid led down the exposed part of the woman's thighs, and visibly yellow droplets had collected on angular parts of the armour. A cloud of warm humidity had formed around the area, and Holly's fingers became slick as she reached between two plates for the laces. At the sensation of force between her thighs, Miss Libra obediently parted her legs, moaning slightly at the increased strain on her urethra as it lost its reinforcement. As Holly began to pick at the first set, a slight hiss emanated from the region above her, and globules of golden liquid began to rain down on her hand. The woman above her whimpered quietly as she gritted her teeth and tensed, and the warm drizzle slowed. 

The laces undulated slowly as the teacher tensed her thighs repeatedly, and Holly struggled to get purchase on the slippery, moving knots. Drips continued falling on her from above as she loosened knot after knot, and eventually the first sabaton came apart fully, revealing glistening wet, milky-white skin beneath. At the same time, the last lace on the woman's left flank came undone and the lower section of her body armour came loose, hanging free on one side, but still tied fast on the other. Making the most of the opportunity, she squeezed her fingers into the gap that she'd made and curled them into her crotch, sighing as she relieved some of the pressure on her urethra. 

The fingers against her vulva allowed Miss Libra to reduce her squirming, making it easier for both parties to loosen their knots, and the remaining sabaton soon came free, quickly followed by the groin section of the breastplate. The metal fell to the floor with a thunk, revealing the woman's dripping fingers pushing a once-white pair of panties between her labia. 

“Keep an eye on my armour for me.” she muttered as she pulled on a keyring at her hip, extending the elastic hanger toward the lock and dancing on the spot as she fumbled the door open. Spurts of urine filled the cupped palm of her hand repeatedly, quickly draining out between her thumb and forefinger to puddle on the floor. As the door opened, she dropped the keyring and hooked both thumbs into her soaked underwear, pulling them down to her thighs and giving Holly a clear view of her quivering labia and sparse tuft of red pubic hair. A golden stream arced out ahead of her, intensifying into a hissing torrent as the door began to close behind her. 

Seating herself on one of the chairs in a corner where the corridor widened, Holly settled down to wait for the woman to dismiss her, wiping her hands on her trousers as she went. Just as the chaotic hisses from beyond the doorway settled into a loud, stable gurgle, she started in surprise as another woman waddled hurriedly around the corner, angling straight for the bathroom door. Her black tunic with white yoke marked her as a member of the clergy, and the two hands buried in her loins, which caused her ankle-length skirt to bunch up to her knees, marked her as a woman in desperate need of a lavatory. She knocked lightly against the wood, calling out “Kritie, are you in there? Ooh, please hurry! Mmmh!” The caress of her dulcet voice filled Holly with a sense of warm contentment, and even her agonised moans felt strangely soft and comforting. 

The sister looked around in a panic as she squirmed on the spot, sending her long blonde plait whipping around wildly. As her head turned toward the student sat nestled in a corner, she let out a loud squeal and pulled her hands away from her front, immediately bending forward and breaking out into a restrained potty dance. “Ah, I... a- are you a new student? I'm S- Sister Xa- nthe. Nn! The reli- aaah! I'm s- sorry!” she tensed in a half-squat and placed her hands on her knees, eyes widening in panic as her bladder spasmed precipitously. 

“Mmh!” a long spurt of urine accompanied another moan, and rivulets began to trickle down her legs and the inside of her skirt as she clawed at her crotch once more. Tears formed in the woman's eyes as another spurt filled her crotch with warmth, and she pulled up her skirt and shoved her hands directly against her sodden pink panties as she turned toward the door again. Droplets fell continuously from between her fingers, puddling slowly on the floor beneath her as she whimpered melodically in front of the doorway. After a few moments, she turned and waddled around in a tight circle, crossing each knee past the other leg as she stepped. 

As she turned toward the line of chairs Holly was nestled in the corner of, she moved forward and carefully lowered herself onto the edge of the seat next to her, sighing vocally as she pressed her weight onto her hands. “Please pretend you never saw this” she muttered breathily to her neighbour, “oh, this is so embarrassing! Thank Ea you're a girl – if any of the boys could see me now, I don't know what I'd d- aaaaah!” The woman bent forward almost horizontally as a trickling noise emanated from her rear, and a cascade of droplets fell from the black fabric covering her slightly raised bottom to pool in the well of the chair. 

Holly's heart jumped into her throat as the woman made her comment. How did she know? What would she do with the information? After all the events of the morning, would this be what did her in – a random desperate lady with absurd powers of insight? Regaining tenuous control over her sphincter, Sister Xanthe looked back at the girl, and, noting the terror on her face, offered: “Ah, that... was a secret, I'm sure. W- well don't worry, -aah!- it's... safe with meeeeee!” the last word becoming a high-pitched squeal as she fell backward and lifted her knees up to her chest. 

At that moment, the bathroom door clicked open, and a red-faced Miss Libra sidled out nervously. Sister Xanthe was already on her feet, lifting the rest of her skirt up past her waist to reveal a thin stream of urine dribbling from her waterlogged panties to the floor. She barged past the redhead in a panic as her stream began to quicken, and the sound of a torrent splashing against tile became audible as the door shut behind her. Moments later, the now-muted splashing transitioned to a rapidly-intensifying gurgle, accompanied by a voiced sigh of ecstasy that could've melted the coldest of hearts. 

“Alright, you can go.” Miss Libra instructed, trying to hide her wet underwear with a hand. “Not a word of this to anyone, understand? About Sister Xanthe too. My blessing will find out if you've told anyone, and I'll make you regret it. Now, off with you.” Holly didn't need to be told twice. She dashed down the corridor, anxious to make the most of her lunchtime break. The first order of business was to wash the pee smell off her hands, and after that, she could start looking around the campus for ideal places to relieve herself. 

It had been more than an hour now since her embarrassment in the infirmary, and Holly's eternally-inconvenient bladder was once again beginning to fill. She wasn't uncomfortable yet, but she was certainly conscious of the pressure growing within her nethers. She wouldn't make it until the end of her detention unless she found somewhere to go before the end of lunchtime, she was sure – indeed, she wasn't confident in her ability to hold it that long starting from empty, let alone with over an hour's worth of pee in her already. 

Returning to the main building, she headed straight up one flight of stairs to the toilets on the first floor. This room had a large trough against one wall, reaching from the floor up to mid-chest height. A student was stood in front of it, showering the back of the device with urine, which followed the metal surface as it ran down toward the angled bottom and thence to the drain at one end. The fact that this device had a urine collection point at the floor, rather than around waist height, meant that it would probably be easier for Holly to use, but its complete openness meant that it would be incredibly risky for her to attempt anything unless she was absolutely sure no one would be coming. Regardless, she wouldn't be doing anything with it in the middle of the school day and especially not with someone already there, so she turned toward the sink and cleansed the remainder of the urine from her hands, ignoring the dull throb in her lower abdomen as the water splashed about. 

$$

Holly's plan was to spend the first half of lunchtime exploring the grounds for suitable out-of-the-way places, before returning to the canteen when it opened for her house at half past twelve to get lunch, and then returning to the most promising place she found to relieve herself before the next period began. Her unexpected diversion had cost her about ten minutes, so she had another twenty to start exploring. She began by walking around the perimeter of the main building, looking for secluded corners or alleys that were out of view of windows. 

To begin with, she returned to the quadrangle and exited under the bridge, turning left to move around the south of the building. The playing field stretched out in the distance, dotted with students playing various sports or just milling about. A sparse area of decorative plants ran parallel to the building wall a short distance away, partially obscuring the pathway from students walking between the playing field and the eastern end of the school building. She came almost immediately to an alcove in the southwest corner of the building (location 1 on the map), which would've looked very promising had its two open sides not opened in the direction of the playing field, where the vast majority of students spent their breaktime. 

Even so, the fact that it had a drain made it particularly interesting as a place where she could completely empty her bladder without having to worry about hiding the resulting lake. The students on the playing field were fairly far away – there were some fields marked for specific sports that seemed off-limits closer to her – so given no better choice, it might be possible for her to empty herself without being noticed if she looked nonchalant enough about it. Her loins fluttered at the thought of relieving herself in view of so many people, but whether it was in terror or excitement, she was unable – or perhaps just unwilling – to say. All things considered, she decided to give this location 2/10 – it had some very useful features, but it was really too exposed to be useful unless there was no other option. 

Continuing along the wall, she quickly found herself at another possible location – a nook where the building thinned that provided some cover in three directions (location 2 on the map). This location was better shielded from the playing field than the previous one, but it was overlooked by windows from the rooms on the other side of the wall. She could arrive crouching so she wasn't seen by anyone sat in their office gazing out the window, but she'd probably be audible from within, and anyone who got curious enough to get close to their window would have a perfect view of her squatting. 

The lack of drainage also meant that emptying herself fully there would complicate matters for her when her sizeable puddle got discovered. Nonetheless, if she could be confident the offices were empty, or there was heavy rain that could drown out the sound of her relief and wash away her puddle, it could still be an option. This location, she also ranked 2/10 – the circumstances that could make this location safe enough to consider were possible, but too rare to rely on. 

Further along the wall, she came to what appeared to be an auditorium or a gym. It had a glass frontage that made it easy to see both in and out, leaving the corners where it protruded from the rest of the building completely exposed. As she rounded the final corner of the protruding auditorium, the wall returned to the familiar brick, and she found a small, windowed door that led to a darkened room (location 3 on the map). She was about to pass it by as out-of-the-question – there was no way she'd intentionally go for a wee indoors except into a toilet – but the future of her house depended upon her examining every option. 

Peering inside, she saw shadowed shelves of sports equipment, and baskets of assorted balls. Various gymnastic apparatus lined the walls, and protective clothing hung from railings along the far side. Trying the door, she found it was unlocked, so she pushed it open cautiously and tiptoed inside. Light shone in from where she'd entered, as well as from gaps around what appeared to be a pair of larger doors leading to the auditorium.

She crept across the room, getting the distinct feeling that she was unwelcome, and slowly tried the handles on the larger set of doors. Nothing moved, and the latch that was clearly visible against the light from the auditorium remained closed. Satisfied that the side door was the only entry point without needing to fiddle obviously with a set of keys, she formed her opinion of the room. It was enclosed on all four sides, dark enough to hide in, and unlikely to be used without warning. On the other hand, any puddle was essentially guaranteed to be found eventually, with no weather to get rid of it and no plumbing for it to drain into, and with those gaps, the doors did not seem particularly soundproof, so if the auditorium was quiet enough, she might be heard on the other side. This location, she decided to rank 0/10 – absolutely not. Good girls don't wee in the corner of a room, no matter how full their bladder is... 

She left the storeroom, trying to forget how tempting the quiet darkness was, and turned north to follow the eastern wall. As she rounded the corner of the storeroom, she saw a group of boys leaving a door a short way away to follow a path that led some distance to the south, before turning east toward the playing field. Even though the door led immediately into a classroom, it seemed to be one of the major thoroughfares for students going from the canteen to the playing field, and it was reasonable to expect this area to be busy often. As Holly passed by, she caught a glimpse through a series of windows of what appeared to be another outdoor area in the middle of the building, so she made a mental note to investigate it before lunch. 

A matter of metres away from this major doorway, the wall turned inwards slightly, forming a slight alcove where someone could conceivably stay out of sight of the foot traffic going between the school building and the playing field (location 4 on the map). The only thing this alcove opened onto was a small area of unused land between the school building and the thick hedgerow concealing the campus's exterior fence. No pathways led through the boggy, uneven terrain, so any young women using the place as an ad-hoc lavatory would have no reason to expect to be stumbled upon by someone going about their day. However, the alcove was unnervingly close to this high-traffic doorway, and it offered barely a metre of wall to hide behind.

Squatting would run the risk of leaving bits poking out around the wall, and there was no chance of a Holly-sized puddle remaining concealed for long. On top of that, the unmistakable sound of weeing would be easily audible from the pathway, and the short distance would leave her little time to try to cover herself if anyone came to investigate. Her final rating for this location was 1/10 – she might be able to go here to relieve some pressure, but she'd need to be on the ball about stopping whenever she heard anyone coming, and she wasn't confident that she had enough control to do that successfully. There was no chance she'd be able to relieve herself fully here without excessive risk either. 

Leaving that disappointing spot behind, she continued her journey across the grass, arriving at a car park surrounded on two sides by the building's walls. A short staircase leading to a door on one wall provided access to the school via a windowed vestibule. Holly squirmed absent mindedly as she looked around – ordinarily, it would be around this point that she'd go out of her way to find a bathroom; indeed, if you stretch the definition of “bathroom” far enough, then that is a fairly accurate description of what she was doing right now.

The vestibule receded before reaching the far wall, leaving a small rectangular area that was enclosed on three sides. Though the fourth side was open to the front gate in principle, the arrangement of parking bays meant that it would almost always be concealed by cars, and so it provided a potentially practical place for modest maidens to micturate. The car park ground was lower than that of the school, and the lowest point on the vestibule windows was comfortably above Holly's head, so for someone to see her squatting from inside, they'd need to peer downward at an awkward angle.

On the other hand, anyone using the car park would easily spot her out of the corner of their eye as they climbed the steps to the door, unlikely though it was that it would see much in the way of foot traffic during the middle of a school day. Unfortunately, drainage here was completely absent – her wee would stick around until it either evaporated, got diluted by rain or got washed away by grounds staff after being discovered. Overall, this location lived up to its potential somewhat, earning a 4/10 – it wasn't without its risks, but it was more reliably safe than anywhere she'd looked at until now. She'd need to be careful about leaving too much of a puddle, but if she were to visit location 4 first and went a bit there, then she could come here afterward for more meaningful relief without leaving too much behind. 

She then followed the wall around to the north side of the building, where the front gate stood a short way to her right. Since everything here was facing the main entrance to the campus, she didn't expect to find anywhere she could pee here, it was just the fastest way to get to the administration building and explore around there. As she passed in front of the main entrance to the building, an angry man with a red face burst through the doorway, shouting “OI, YOU! BOY! WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE? STUDENTS AREN'T ALLOWED ON THE FRONT GROUNDS DURING THE SCHOOL DAY!” 

Holly resisted the instinct to squeal femininely and turned to him, crossing her legs awkwardly as she stammered out a reply: “I- I'm so- sorry sir, it's- my f- first day a- and I g- g- g- got lost.” 

Letting out an exaggerated sigh, he deflated somewhat “all right, I'll let you off this once – I don't have time to punish you anyway. Come through here and back out into the school.” He held the door open, motioning her through, and she obliged, walking awkwardly with her thighs pressed together as her bladder continued to spasm in surprise. 

“The quadrangle is through that door,” he pointed straight ahead, “and the cafeteria is along the hallway to your left. Excuse me.” He walked off hurriedly, leaving Holly to regain her composure in the reception area. No one else was around, so she perched for a moment on a seat by the wall, sitting with her legs spread and her hands between them, surreptitiously pressing her wrists against her crotch. Her bladder quickly began to settle – she wasn't really that desperate yet, after all – and soon she was able to jump back up, perhaps a bit too energetically, and return to the quadrangle where she started from about fifteen minutes ago. Time was getting on, but she wanted to at least have a full picture of the school's exterior before she went for lunch.

Turning toward the administration block, she cautiously began to follow it around, starting by heading west along the south wall. The first inside corner was already inhabited by a small group of students with green patches, who glared at her as she passed and made comments she couldn't quite hear. She hurried around the corner, finding a door that led to the other end of the hallway she recognised from 25 minutes prior, and she peeked in the window as she passed, catching a glimpse of a janitor just starting to mop the area in front of the toilet. If only that toilet wasn't locked, it would probably be her best option – surely she couldn't get in that much trouble if she was discovered trying to sneak in – but she wasn't going to waste time thinking about what couldn't be, so she continued on around the building. 

The walls of the toilet jutted out from the rest of the building, toward the main gate, forming an enclosed rectangle along with the record room and the hallway (location 6 on the map). Ironically, given that this was just outside the only women's toilet in the school, this area proved particularly promising. It was paved with flagstones on the east side, but plain grass on the west, and even though the front gate was in the open direction, the administration block provided some cover. However, as she walked around, studying the angles that gave her the best cover from the front gate, a problem became apparent: she was only hidden from view when she was some distance into the flagstones – if she got too close to the grass, she'd become visible to the public and anyone entering during the day.

This meant that if she wanted to have her wee drain away into the grass, she'd either need to risk exposing herself or hide as close as possible on the flagstone area and then try to arc her wee over from there, either by bending backward far enough or by trying to project it forward while standing. Even so, this was far and away the best place she'd surveyed thus far – it was far enough out of the way that even if she didn't bother with any urinary acrobatics, the chances of anyone stumbling across her puddle were fairly low. The main thing she had to worry about here was growing too attached and using it too often – if it started smelling strongly of pee, someone would be bound to start investigating, and might then catch her in the act, or at least make it too risky to continue using. Final rating: 6/10 – this place would probably become her go-to during school time, but she'd have to be careful to avoid ruining it through overuse. 

Satisfied that she'd finished her exploration for now, she began to make her way back to the cafeteria to get some lunch. When she arrived however, the lunch queue was full of black-patched Uo students, and the Ea students were still waiting for their chance to queue. She considered standing around waiting to start queueing like the others, but then she remembered that she wanted to explore the outside area she'd seen through some windows earlier. Leaving the canteen through a door near the kitchen, she found herself in a hallway that seemed to be leading in the right direction.

This passage ran along the drill quadrangle for a short length before continuing on past it further into the building. It terminated in a windowed area looking into a busy outdoor quadrangle enclosed by school buildings, which seemed to be the place she'd caught a glimpse of earlier. A row of benches lined the easternmost wall, and some picnic tables were scattered around the central area. The western section of the quadrangle was taken up by a raised area of decorative plants, with a narrow pathway allowing one to walk around the planted area. 

Of particular interest to Holly was the stairwell tower that protruded from the southern buildings and didn't quite meet the west wall, leaving a narrow gap for someone to squeeze into that would hide them from view (location 7 on the map). It was tight, but Holly managed to fit through the narrow opening sideways, and then the alley opened up just enough for her to turn around, though only with her arms pressed tightly down at her sides. At the end of the alley, a gutter let out into a drain, which would be ideal for hiding any puddles, and the quadrangle entrance was completely obscured by the corners of the stairwell and the plants. Even if someone came down the path along the west wall, the alley was sufficiently in shadow that she might manage to make herself decent before they could even tell what she was doing, though she certainly wouldn't be able to remain completely unseen. 

However, the quadrangle seemed to be a popular hang-out spot during breaktimes, and students were constantly coming and going and wandering around. If she urinated too forcefully, the sound would be easily audible to the students on their lunch break, and would spur them to come investigating for sure, and then she'd be trapped in this narrow gap with no way to escape or avoid notice. Also, if she tried to squat down here, she'd only end up weeing all over her legs as there wasn't enough space to spread them out of the way. 

She'd need to either bend forward and wee behind her like she'd done this morning, or try to wee standing up like a boy instead – and even then, with her thighs pressed so tightly together, there would be no guarantee that it would go where she wanted it, and she might just end up soaking her uniform anyway. All in all, she rated this area 5/10 – she'd be very well-hidden and there was a drain for her to pee into, but she was unnervingly close to a large collection of students, there was nowhere to escape if she was discovered, and with how tight it was, she might just end up soaking herself anyway. Still, it seemed like one of the better options available to her. 

*018*2021-12-29 16:07

Oh yes, one more thing I forgot to mention: in chapter 1 it mentions Holly arriving in a horse-drawn carriage, and now in this chapter, it talks about a car park. This is definitely not a plothole associated with me changing my mind about the technology level of the setting between chapters 1 and 2. 

No, the nobles just like to travel around in horse-drawn carriages for fashion reasons - cars are considered crude and well-suited to the hurry of the lower classes, and the upper classes like to show off that they can afford to take their time when travelling and go in style. 

*021*2021-12-29 19:13

Yes, it's been going a lot faster than I'd expected. It goes to show that what's most important is not the amount of time I have, but the amount of motivation. I thought I'd have less motivation because of all the other stuff I have to do at the moment, but it doesn't seem so. I'll just have to see how long it holds out. 

*023*2021-12-30 10:46

I'm happy to answer any questions you have, though some I might pass off as being answered later in the story. 

Holly and Xanthe should be considered unusual - Holly is incredibly sensitive to magic, and Xanthe has different special circumstances related to the goddess she serves (to be mentioned in more detail later), so they tend to need to go far more often than ordinary people. In general, magic sensitivity results in higher urinary frequency in this world, but usually the effect is not so pronounced, but Holly is a main character with incredible potential, and it comes with problematic consequences. It wasn't mentioned explicitly in the story, but when Kritie peed, it was also intended to not seem to take as long as Holly's, for the same reason. 

I'm sure the janitor was aware of what he was dealing with - conspicuously yellow puddles in front of a toilet. 
