AMAZING Desperation Story (line at a party)

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-04-18 21:03

It was a college Halloween party. The men were handsome, but the girls were gorgeous. There was one girl, Elba, who spent the night shoving tacos down her throat. She ended up having to run to the bathroom, holding her gut.

There were of course other girls there. College, beautiful girls. Six of them were about to have a hell of a night. One of which, one of them would never forget. Because that one person did not make it to the toilet in time. There were six girls. Amy, who wore a cowgirl outfit from the old west. She had on a tight, white t-shirt that showed her belly button area, with skinny jeans, and tan boots that reached the knees. She had a large cowgirl hat, and the only thing larger was her bladder after several sodas and beers. She made her way to the one bathroom in the house. Then, Blanca. She was dressed as a sexy cat. Tight black boots and jumpsuit, with nylons over the exposed legs. With little freckles and whiskers painted don her face. Lana was dressed as a sexy elf. She wore a green top hat, tight black pants, which stretched over her body from straps.

Her belly button was exposed, and belly had enlarged since the party started. Her and Blanca sat there with friends and both said, “I’m about to pee my panties. Be right back.” Jo, was dressed as a superhero. Black outfit, short shorts, her brown hair whisked down her shoulders, and this girl’s bladder had taken in a lot. Too bad it was naturally the size of a bat’s bladder. Alexa followed not long after Jo. She had curly black hair, and wore a short, dark red dress. Wings sprouted from the back. The devil. Krista who dressed in a boxing uniform had tight, red gym pants just above her ankles. Her blonde hair tied up, and black boxing gloves. She soon felt after someone near her poured some drinks was reminded of the river inside of her. Her legs started to shake and she headed upstairs to the one bathroom, praying no one occupied it.

However, once she reached there, five other girls stood outside the locked door. All very desperate. There was going to be a mess tonight.

“Damn!” Krista said. “How long have you guys been waiting?”

“I’ve been here the longest,” Amy said. Her tight jeans became tighter as she struggled to cross her legs and hold the pee that filled more and more inside of her. “About fifteen minutes so far.”

Krista’s jaw dropped. She felt as if someone was dribbling a basketball inside of her. She got into line. Her legs tight together and hands in her crotch.

Five more minutes went by. Amy was hopping, legs crossed. Behind her was Blanca, who also had her legs crossed in her kitty outfit, and pressed her hands against her stomach; she was in pain. Lana was bent over halfway and legs tight, one hand to her crotch, one on her belly, massaging it. Jo was the only one who seemed in control. She moved a little back and forth, but she was not about to drip on the carpet…at least, that’s not what it looked like. Alexa had her hands on her hips, legs crossed. Krista…well…she did not have much time left it seemed like.

Jo said, “Amy, can you knock on the door?”

Amy did. Then, she said, “Hey, whoever is in there, there are six of us girls desperate as hell. Come on already!”

Lana’s face grew with concern. Her eyes closed as she felt warmth in her crotch area. She whispered to herself, “No…no…please no.” Her tan belly expanded over the waist of her pants.

Jo massaged Lana on the back and told her she was going to be alright. But Jo, who still looked in control, was in a darker place in her mind. She landed against the wall, one leg up with the knee out. Was this superhero going to be able to save her panties from a massive flood.

Alexa was hopping around, arms around herself as if she were freezing. Sweat beamed out of her head. She said through her teeth, “Oh man, what a night to go commando.” Her legs, due to being crossed for so long, started to fall asleep. She uncrossed them and started to jog in place.

The door finally opened. Elba came out looking relieved. “Sorry guys,” she apologized. “But don’t worry, I sprayed it fresh. She left, and Amy darted right into the bathroom, shutting the door from behind her with great force.

Amy’s scream of relief echoed throughout the top floor of the house. Blanca though, her was closest to the door, felt the ocean inside of her now in storm mode. She felt waves of agonizing desperation pulse in her bladder. She was rubbing her arms, hopping in place, legs uncrossed but tight together, knees centered. The sound of Amy’s watery relief made her desperation intense.

“Oh…oh.” Blanca said. “I..” her teeth jittered, “I can’t…can’t….take it any…anymore.” But the door opened, Amy walked out with a smile, and right when Blanca was headed in someone pulled her from behind and through her to the ground. Blanca grabbed herself quickly and got back control. Lana mouthed the words, “Sorry,” and shut the door behind her.

Blanca pulled herself up off of the floor with crossed legs, using the door knob on the bathroom as something to hold onto. She banged on the door, “Hey! Come on, it is my turn! My gut is gonna burst or something.” Lana apologized through the door. Lana felt bad, but she was losing it. Her panties had already been stained just a bit but still. Survival of the fittest, that is what she tells herself to this day.

Blanca saw a litter box in the room down the hall. In her cat outfit, she fantasized about taking advantage of the animal’s spot. She then regained sanity and grabbed her crotch. She bent over. Jo, who was bisexual, liked Blanca’s tight butt in the black cat suit. But the power of her hormones worsened her situation and made her dance in place. Alexa stuttered to the front.

She begged Blanca, “Blanca, please. I…I…really REALLY need to go.” She was not lying, she felt a boiling, pressure of pain in her bladder.

Blanca shook her head. “There’s no way. I’m sorry, but I can’t wait anymore.” Alexa understood. She walked slowly to the back and saw what had become of Krista.

Poor Krista. Her legs were crossed, one foot on the floor over one leg and the other knee on the ground. She held herself, shaking as if she were freezing. She was holding her breath, sweating. She did not know what to do. If she moved when it was her turn, it was going to pour out of her.

Lana came out, relieved, and Blanca smacked her, and ran in. Inside the bathroom, Blanca reached for the back of her costume. She tried to untie the strings that held it together. She could not stop moving her legs, at risk of making a lake on the bathroom floor. She was fighting a losing battle. She opened the bathroom door, holding her hand out in front of Jo was cried and jumped.

Blanca called Krista over. She told her to roll over if she had to, or she was going to have an accident as well. Krista rolled over and Blanca pulled her inside. Krista bit the strings off Blanca’s costume with her teeth, and she relieved herself, then helped Krista onto the throne and she made it as well. Both came out of the bathroom relieved, and went downstairs.

Jo was at her bursting point. RED ALERT! Her bladder rung. She tried to go in but Alexa tried to push her out of the way. They were both at the doorway, stuck in, wrestling with each other.

“No way!” Jo yelled. “It’s my turn.”

Alexa argued, “I can’t make it. Please, I went commando cause this costume can get hot for some reason. If I have an accident, it is full on. Nothing to slow it down.”

Jo said, “Sorry, too bad.” Both stuck in the doorway pushed Alexa outwards. Alexa held onto both sides of the bathroom entrance.

Alexa said, “There is no way I am peeing myself!” Alexa shot her foot up to Jo’s face. She tried to pull herself in, but Jo put a leg in front of her. “grr go hee grrr,” Alexa muttered in discomfort.

Both girls felt their bladders getting hotter. They felt the pee making its way to the exit of the body. Jo and Alexa were in great anxiety. Alexa took a risk, but it was all she could think of.

She said, “Water, tsunamis, lots of them bashing against each other.” Jo’s eyes widened. Alexa was trying to get her body to give up, so the way she would give up and Alexa would have the restroom all to herself. Alexa was in pain as well, but she muttered through. “Rain storms. Drippy, drop, lots of watery.” It was working. Jo was losing control. Her muscle’s weakened. She did not wet, but Alexa overpowered her and tossed her aside. Alexa ran inside the bathroom and shut the door.

Jo tripped over the railing of the house and fell. Luckily, a guy caught her. She held herself, jumped out of his hands, and headed back for the staircase. “No.” she said to herself. “I am NOT going to pee myself in front of everyone, not here. I can’t.I CAN’T!”

As she got to the staircase, a whole new group of girls went up the stairs, very desperate. They all had put off going cause of the line they saw Jo in before in hopes it would die down. Jo crawled up the staircase, hand to crotch. Six new people squirmed in outside the bathroom. Alexa loudly moaned relief from inside. Jo could barely see through her eyes it had gotten so bad.

The door opened, the first new girl ran in. Alexa walked over to Jo and helped her up.

“Th-thank, you,” Jo muttered.

“Oh, don’t worry,” Alexa said. With an evil grin. “I’m not done “helping” you yet. WATER WATER WATER WATER….WATERFALLS!”

Jo screamed, “NO NOOOOOOOOOO!” Too late. Jo’s floodgates opened and pee rushed out of her. She felt her bladder pumping endlessly. She turned red, and everyone stared. Many laughed. It would not stop flowing out of her. Jo cried and ran out the front door, a trail of yellow following her.

She was at home, cleaned up, and crying. Then, a knock at her door. Bobby, her crush from freshmen year was there. He told her it was alright. He left the party because everyone there was a jerk. He told her what she did, accident or not, was hot. They kissed, years later got married, had kids, grew old, and lived happily ever after.

The end.

*002*2017-04-19 03:11

{{5 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said:

What a happy ending for Jo and Bobby but that was a very good story

}}

You thought it was ok? It actually based on a real event I was at but exaggerated on some parts lol Jo and Bobby did end up together though (not their names in real life).

No one seemed to comment on it so I thought I wrote a bad story.

*007*2017-05-22 18:59

{{21 hours ago, Delirio91 said:

What was the real story? Did a girl dressed as supergirl pee her shorts at a party?

}}

The superhero girl was not the wetter. I keep the true details secret lol sorry. I'll say it was someone in back of her. The one who wet did end up dating the guy who comforted her.

*009*2017-05-26 19:16

{{1 hour ago, Delirio91 said:

Just saying there is no risk in sharing more details on this forum. As long as you don't use names there is really not risk in anybody finding it. I think it is a great story. Do you feel confortable at least in giving more details in private mex?

}}

Thanks for the compliment. It not about security. It's about teasing the audience here and there. Lol

