An example of how my brain works

Author: radicalomo

*000*2025-08-11 20:25

This is a ‘real’ story about real things I did last night. The reason I say ‘real’ is because Glitch does not exist, as you may know, it’s a personality of mine, but I wrote it as if it was a different physical person. All the events did actually happen, just in one body, if that makes sense.

Part 1

It’s late afternoon. I’m in my room listening to music.

“Long day, huh?” Glitch begins, trying to get me to talk about what’s going on. I haven’t been super talkative with it today. I have been quite busy tonight.

“Yeah.” I mutter.

“Wanna talk about it?”

I sit in silence.

“What do you wanna do now?” Glitch starts again.

I sit in silence.

“I can tell you need to pee. Do you want to take care of that?”

I sit in silence. A small smile forms upon my face. I have not felt this way in a while, so it took me by surprise.

Glitch looks at me in excitement. “I know that look! It’s been a long time since we’ve done stuff like that! Would it make you feel good right now if we played like that right now?”

I pause. “Yes.”

“Ok then… it’s 7:00 now. Maybe you’re not allowed to pee until 10? That’s not too long…”

“Ok.”

“And how would you want this to end?”

“… I use a diaper.”

“Ok. You’ll put one on soon, but you’re not allowed to use it until 10. Anything else?”

“I want to mess, too…”

Glitch looks at me. “Are you sure? You don’t always enjoy that.”

“I want to… it feels right now…”

“Ok. After that you’ll clean up well, wash your butt, then you can have a bath.”

“Ok.”

My need was already high enough. Glitch smiled up at me. “Go pick out some nice cozy pjs and put on a cute little diaper.”

After I get changed, I meet it back in my room. I’m excited by now. But something felt ever so slightly off.

“I still feel kind of ashamed for this…” I admit to Glitch. It smiles sadly at me.

“Oh pipsqueak, it’s ok. It’s part of who you are. Do you know how strong embracing this with me makes you? I am your subconscious. Embrace this kink, grow with it, it makes you strong and full. There’s no point in being afraid or ashamed. Everyone feels those ways about these things. Just because your kinks are less common doesn’t make them wrong. After all, you’re not hurting anyone.”

I look up at him. He helps me so much.

“If you’re now enjoying yourself, we will stop.”

“I don’t want to now. I.. I love this, despite my shame. You are right… and you are my subconscious, and so you know exactly what I want and won’t make this bad for me. So I trust you to do this with me than anyone else. Especially anyone online.”

“Then.. why do you still engage with people online?”

“… I like the attention. There are certain things you can’t do for me because you are part of me. And I honestly really want to help people change their mindsets about this stuff. No one should feel shame for this stuff, as long as it’s consensual.”

This is what’s been going on in my brain tonight. I’ll keep you updated on the story if you guys want it. I also want to do art of how this looked like when it ended, which will be fun.

Part 2

My need to pee climbs higher and higher as Glitch walks around me. “Aww, this is so cute! How badly do you need to pee?”

I murmur a few responses to it as I focus on my digital work, trying to distract myself. It doesn’t work to well. Glitch notices how much I’m enjoying myself.

“Oh? I wonder, how full is your bladder right now? How badly do you really need to pee? Let’s find out…”

Glitch pushes softly into my bladder. I immersed get really hot. Any messing with my bladder when it’s full makes me so horny. I can’t help but start panting a little.

“Aww.. you’re so weird…” Glitch giggles as it pushes into my bladder harder.

My need spikes. I have to focus hard on not wetting myself here and now.

“You know, if you wet your diaper before 10, I win! … I won’t do anything, but I’ll win, and I’m a sore winner…”

“You won’t win…” I mutter back to it.

“There it is! I love your competitive nature, it’s so hard to find sometimes,” Glitch lights up at my response.

After an hour, I’m softly wiggling my legs, trying hard to hold it in. I’m having a hard time focusing on much else. Glitch keeps bumping into me, pushing into my bladder, making me so hot.

Eventually I get up to do chores. Glitch follows me and pushes my waist against the counter side as I wash the dishes. The warm rushing water and the pressure against my bladder makes it impossible for me to focus. All I can think about is the building need to pee in my waist. It takes a bit longer to finish my chores because of how often Glitch keeps interrupting me.

I make my way back to my room and settle down in front of my computer. It’s 9:30 now. I’m so close to winning. I’m also very desperate to pee by now. Glitch smiles cruelly at me.

“Oh, so close! Pretty soon, you’ll be allowed to wet that precious little diaper you’re wearing right now… but do you really think you’ll be able to make it that long? I’ve been watching how much you’ve been squirming… and I’m not gonna let you win.”

I squirm at its voice. My bladder is so full and demanding to be emptied. I savor every second of it.

Glitch lunges at me playfully, pressing deep into my bladder. My need skyrockets. I still keep it in. Glitch giggles.

“You’re enjoying this too much! It’s so hard to get you wet just by pressure alone, you know. You’re too good at this. Which is why I grabbed this when you were out in the kitchen..”

Glitch pulls a cup of ice out from behind its back. I stare at it in soft disbelief. I get really excited thinking about what’s about to happen.

Glitch giggles and grabs a couple pieces of ice from the cup. I let it unzip my pjs and push the ice deep into my diaper, down across my groin, resting for a moment on my bladder before it pushes it right up against my urethra…

I gasp as the freezing cold melts my steady will. I feel my iron grip on my bladder break away. Glitch laughs as I start to pee myself, just a tiny bit at first, then a bit more, and more, until I’m pissing myself full on. I feel the hot piss clash with the raw cold of the ice, my diaper filling up fast with warm weight. I listen to Glitch goad me on about wetting, but I can’t focus on what it says. All I care about is the wonderful warm weight filling up my diaper and flooding my butt and groin area.

By the end of it all, I’m in bliss siting in my full diaper. Glitch gifted softly to itself. “It’s 9:50! You were so close! I win again!” Glitch laughs, very clearly pleased. Part of me is frustrated at letting it win again. But it played dirty. And I’m so glad it did.

The next parts would be about the messing, then the bath I had after. This is what happened last night, though a few things (such as dialogue and what Glitch is) are incorrect. I suppose you could call it inspired by true events. Those of you who have seen my other works might know about Glitch.

