Morning Queue in the Girl's College Dorm

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-06-19 04:47

Kelly was a bright college student. She was near the end of the semester, and everyone in her dorm was partying and drinking like there was no tomorrow. (remember…they were drinking a LOT). She had to ace her paper, but it was almost midnight and what was she to do? She picked up her laptop, all her notes, and went to the private one-person bathroom down the hall. It had a shower, sink, and toilet. The door was very thick so not much nosie broke through. She went in, locked it up, and got to work. She fell asleep by accident around 2am. Most of the other girls in the dorm had went to bed after partying.

As morning approached, Kelly woke up realizing she slept all night. She HAD to make deadline. She would not leave the bathroom until she had done so. There were other restrooms anyways….That was true, but there was so much partying going on last night that people threw stuff in the bathrooms and shattered lights and the glass of the toilet’s structure. So the other two restrooms had been closed. It was okay though, most of the girls in the dorm besides a few had gotten up before the dean came and lectured them and locked the bathrooms until someone could fix it. So all those girls went to the toilet already…a few others…not so much.

Kristen came out of her room. She had felt a powerful pressure in her lower belly since she sat up in bed. She put on her pink bath robe that cut off at about a little above her ankles. She had black flip flops and her dark-blonde hair was short. Just as she was. As she got closer to the bathroom her face scrunched and her need to release grew. She got there just as another girl, Alli, got up and followed behind. Alli was just as beautiful but a little taller, and blonde hair that fell to her shoulders. She wore a blue bath robe and was barefoot. Her tummy too ached for release of her pee as Kristen’s did.

Kristen grabbed the door knob of the one-person restroom and pulled. Locked. She knocked. “Hello?”

Kelly answered from inside, “Be out soon.” She had a lot of work on her paper to do though.

Kristen thought whatever. So did Alli. They both stood there, hopping a moment here and there. As time went on, more of their drinks caught up with them.

“Seriously?” said Lily, a blonde girl in nothing but a white t-shirt and tight white underwear that showed all her legs. She was hot, but a little chunkier than the other two girls. “All the other bathrooms are freaking closed?!?”

“Yeah,” Kristen said in discomfort. “Shouldn’t have partied so hard. My head and bladder are both bursting.”

“Can you see if she’s done?” Alli asked. She had her hands on her hips and bounced. “It’s been almost ten minutes.” Hearing that felt like a punch in the gut to Lily.

She clapped her hands on her face and got behind Alli; desperate. All three girls had bladders filled to the top, weighing on their lower muscles causing discomfort, and making them want to just give up and let go. They couldn’t; imagine the humiliation. “Give me time!” Kelly screamed after Kristen knocked again.

Ten more minutes went by. Another girl, Polly, shot up out of bed and to the restroom. She was in nothing but a black bra and black panties. Her tall body, long legs and tan skin made her look hot in her underwear, but her bladder shook like an earthquake. Her legs squirmed around each other as her hands pressed against her crotch.

The four girls were desperate. Kristen had her arms wrapped around herself tight, and her foot tapped on the floor slow and hard. She pursed her lips out and bounced. Alli had her hands on her hips and kept rubbing her legs together and moving her body down, then up, slowly. Lily had her arms on the sides of her body and made fists and closed her eyes trying to ignore the growing pain. She crossed her legs and prayed. Polly was the worst. She had a small bladder and was bent over at almost 90 degrees and cried tears.

“Wwwhy did I drink so freaking much?” Polly said in a quite ruffled voice. Her stomach had stretch marks as it started to expand out. “Eeeeeee!”

Kristen turned to them and saw they were as nervous as she was. “About to be a flood on this floor, seriously.”

Alli said, “What the hell is taking so long?”

Kristen said, “There’s like little sounds from the other side of the door. Either she’s typing a paper or letting out specks of poo, and we know it’s not typing.” They laughed at how ridiculous it’d be to type in a bathroom. “I seriously gotta pee so bad though.”

“Me too,” Alli said. She dug her hands under her robe and into her crotch. She could feel pee starting to come out. “Oh no…” she said quiet as a mouse.

Meanwhile, a slightly taller and bigger girl on the hips and arms woke up. She grabbed her crotch after she felt a sting of desperation and what felt like an earthquake in her bladder. Nellie was in some tight white t-shirt and sweatpants. She ran and almost screamed at the sight of the line.

Kristen continued to bang on the door. She could feel her muscles starting to give out. “Ccome onn!”

“Oh…no,” Alli said. Kristen turned and looked at her. She froze and her eyes widened at the sight of horror: Alli started to pee herself. She felt her panties get completely damp as all hell. Her muscles gave out. It flowed down her legs fast and made a puddle on the floor. “Oh my god I can’t believe this is happening to me!” She cried. The puddle leaked and hit Lily’s feet. Lily’s eyes opened and she felt her bladder bursting and bursting from the scene of Alli’s accident and POP! Lily cried as she peed herself right there as well. Other girls passed in the hallway and covered their mouths and laughed. Alli and Lily ran away, tripping on their pee puddles before doing so.

Seeing two accidents made Kristen’s growing urge more intense. She squeezed her legs tighter tight under her robe and hopped very fast. Polly had one hand to her crotch and another on her stomach as her legs crossed and she bent over. She moaned, “MMMMMMM!” Nellie felt like she was going to wet herself too so fast.

“Oh, oh, eeee!” Nelli shrieked. Her legs crossed as she held herself on the crotch. She balances on one foot as one leg hung over the other.

Two other girls in the dorm walked by and looked at the three remaining desperate girls. One of them smiled and said, “Well, well, well…who’s going to have the next accident? Let’s film it on social media live.” She and her friend took out their cameras and filmed. It was humiliating enough being shown holding yourself, but to wet yourself?!? All three girls were angry, but their desperation increased to a near breaking point. They were minutes from blowing up their bladders. Kristen held onto her crotch. All the girls were sweating. “Come on girls,” said the girl who was filming. “Water, water, water. Pee pee, pee pee, pee pee.” The watery sound gestures made the three girls in the queue bounce around as they held themselves left and right.

Kristen banged on the door. “Enough already! Things are getting urgent out there and are going to get messy!”

Polly moaned, “Ggotta hhhold on. Come on Polly girl just hold it in, hold it-AHH---no you got it. Hold it….”

Nellie was up straight with her legs crossed, one tipped on the toes. Her hands clamped her hips and she waved back and forth.

TO...BE...CONTINUED.....???????

*004*2017-06-19 14:11

CHAPTER 2--"Another Queue Girl Falls"

The mean girl's name was Anna. She and her friend continued to broadcast the remaining three desperate girls for the bathroom. Kristen the maintance workers head off to the other restrooms to repair them. Maybe she would make it. Maybe they all would. Maybe pigs will learn to ride jet skis. Many around campus watched on Anna's social media page for the LIVE broadcast.

Kristen leaned against the wall and banged her head on it as she dug her fingers deep into her crotch. Her legs were squeezed together. Polly's legs were crossed tight but she felt her bladder starting to weaken and give out. She could feel the pee inside was heading towards her exit. Nelli was on the floor with her legs crossed and under her butt. Her hand pushed against her crotch as she felt the sting pulsing inside of her. RED ALERT! Her alarms were going off.

"Anna," Kristen said in a clear voice of discomfort. "Pplease don't do this. We're dying here."

Anna smiled. "I have a better idea." She took out a water bottle and little by little splashed drips on the floor. All three girls bounced for their panties and their dignity.

"O...oh no," Polly said. "I'm not gonna...oh god...oh ggod!" She felt drops hit her panties and at the last minute fought back. But it would not last long.

Kristen knocked on the door. "Let us the freak in already! We're dying out here!" Kelly did not care. They should not have drank so much she felt.

Polly begged in crying, "Come on! I'm bursting like a balloon!"

Nelli opened her eyes and felt sign of relief.

"Here it comes," said Polly. She was going to have an accident and-."

"NOOOOO!" screamed Nelli. The force of pee shot out of her so hard she went up in the air for a moment. "No, this can't happen here no!" Nelli tried to contain herself but the pee was so strong it shot up out of her pants and the bottom of her legs. Her feet soaked, and worst of all everyone on campus saw it. Nelli cried. She was a big girl, but cried.

Anna laughed, but Nelli ran up and punched her in the face. Apparently she had not gone that morning either because after being punched she peed and pooped herself right there, and Nelli grabbed the camera and filmed it.

Anna cried and felt karma hit her like a hard bladder that Kristen and Polly still were tortured with. They both bent over from increased desperation.

THEN, Kelly saved her paper and walked out of the bathroom. Kristen perked up with excitement so much she almost lost it. Polly tried to maintain control. But Kelly grabbed her stomach and felt a discomfort urge. As Kristen slowly walked in Kelly shot back into the bathroom and locked the door to go.

TO...BE...CONTINUED??!!?? ALSO: Let's take bets. Will Kristen make it? Will Polly make it? Will both wet?

*006*2017-06-19 14:25

{{24 minutes ago, randomrobot007 said:

Once againe a brilliant chapter but for who will make it... i hope polly dose

}}

How come when I write a detailed story like "Will Becky make it?" where one girl is desperate and it's easier to pay attention since it's one girl, it get's like one comment or like, but I do one about lines and queues and more are into it?

*009*2017-06-19 16:29

I will! Just curious.

*011*2017-06-19 21:03

NOTE: for more of my stories about queues for the toilet, check my profile. There's "Amazing Desperation story line at a party" in which women are in sexy Halloween outfits. Another is "The Line at the Wet Wedding (updated version)" make sure you read updated one.......NOW, enjoy the final chapter of this one:

###

Kristen and Polly both stood up, crunched over with their legs crossed. Their hands dug deep into their private trying to plug up themselves to avoid a leak. They bounced hard up and down to get rid of the pressure but there was just too much inside of them. Kristen herself was breathing in and out very heavy while Polly inhaled and blew her facial cheeks up. Inside, their bladder had physical crack marks in them getting ready to burst. Things were SERIOUS!

“Come on Kristen you can hold it,” she said to herself. “You can make it, you can hold it.”

Polly could not speak. She knew she did not have much time left. She only moaned in a high pitch sound of misery.

There were sounds of pee in the bathroom hitting the toilet water. Then, a FLUSH! Kristen and Polly were shaking so hard due to the sound of someone else going and the water flushing sound. Kristen’s vision became blurry from tears and nerves. She felt weak. Her skinny body could not contain the ocean flowing as waves of desperation inside of her.

Polly’s gut had expanded like a small pregnant belly over her black panties. It was heavy and making her upper body sink low. She didn’t know if she could wait for Kristen and get in in time. What if she shoved Kristen out of the way or made her wet first? Then, she could make it!

Kristen was literally a doorway away from relief this whole hour of desperation. This thought only made it WORSE for the poor girl. Her eyes watered due to the feeling of overfilling with pee inside. SHE NEEDED TO GO NOW!!!! Her cell phone rang. She pulled it out of her robe’s pocket?

“Hhello?” Kristen said.

“Hey, Kristen, it’s Tim.” Tim was a classmate and very attractive basketball player. Him and Kristen had been flirting for the past month. Eveyrone knew they liked each other.

Kristen became nervous. “Oh, hhey Tim.”

“Are you okay? You’re mumbling.”

“I’m fine,” she tried to hold herself together like a grown woman. “What’s up?”

“I was thinking we could grab breakfast. I’m walking over to your dorm now so I’ll pick you up in five minute ok?” He hung up.

Kristen’s heart sank. “Oh…no….” Her anxiety made her tremble. She could NOT wet herself in front of him. Anyone else. Anyone! She looked behind her and saw Polly was gone.

The door opened, and Kelly left apologizing and just as Kristen ran in, Polly leaped out from behind her partly closed room door and stepped on Kristen’s robe. Kristen flung backwards and landed on her butt. Polly ran in and shut the door. Locked. Kristen could not believe what just happened.

Kristen’s bladder spiked. She stood up fast and held herself. She heard Tim coming down the hallway. Oh no! She can’t even wait!

Kristen ran and as she did with her legs scrunched together and the sounds of water splashing inside of her bladder with a few drops already in her panties, she grew sweaty and nervous of what might happen. One bathroom was still out of order, and as she ran in pain downstairs to the other someone stopped her.

“Kristen!” the dean said as she stood tall. “Where were you for the dorm’s lecture this morning.”

Kristen tried to compose herself and look normal but her bladder gave off pulses after the other and made her gut expand and cause agony. She held her hips, crossed her legs under her robe, and shook up and down.

“Mama I-“

“Enough!” yelled the dean. “As you know, the partying last night caused much damage to the dorm. Glass and toilet water everywhere.” The word ‘water’ stuck out. Floors flooded, alcoholic liquids everywhere…” Kristen bounced faster and bit her bottom lip. I’m not gonna make it! I’m not gonna make it! She thought.

“Hey, Kristen!” said Tim who walked down from the other side of the hall. She saw Polly walk past in the distance looking dry and relieved. Polly made it just in time and did not wet herself. Kristen felt she was being treated so unfairly by faint. Her movements had gotten so frantic and fast that people around were staring. Some giggling.

Seeing the bathroom now down the hall made her bladder send out a jolt of desperation. It was NOW or NEVER. She ran to the bathroom. A janitor stopped her for a moment as she walked by with his cleaning cart. She continued to dart forward. Some guys walked by slowly in her path making her slow down and bounce as she had to move faster…or else! I’m not gonna make it! RED ALERT! Her bladder yelled. The pain was unexplainable. She felt literally like she would explode. Just as she was about to grab the knob and go in, her arm was pushed aside by the Dean.

“We are not done talking missy!” she said to Kristen. The Dean blocked the door. Kristen hopped around as she tried to go around. She cried. “Stop that now!” The Dean grabbed her by the shoulders and made her stop moving. The pause sent a signal as the push from the Dean made her legs spread. “What the…OH MY GOD!”

Kristen screamed and covered her mouth as she turned red, “NOOOOOOOOOO!” BA-BOOM! It hurt like hell. Everyone stared as Kristen peed herself in public. Her pink robe darkened and her panties sparked a hole in the crotch from the mass flooding her bladder pumped out of her. It was coming out so fast it made noise. Kristen cried so hard unable to control her emotions as she grew humiliated knowing if she moved faster she could have made it. She COULD have made it!

Pee rushed down her legs in streams and showered as yellow onto the floor and made a puddle the Dean ran from. Tim looked like he was going to puke. The pee flowed out of Kristen like a river. Her belly deflated, but her bladder exploded and bursted to the point it was almost forever flat. Then, it started to lessen into drops. But the damage was done, and the floor flooded.

“BBbbut,” Kristen said through huge tears. “But, but, I was going to make it. It’s not fair!” She ran back to her room and shut the door. Crying into her pillow.

THE END.

*013*2017-06-20 01:07

{{2 hours ago, randomrobot007 said:

Aw feel slightly sorry for kristen but either way this was still a great story i hope you keep writing in the future because you are a brilliant writer

}}

Thank you. But as a real writer by writing here is terrible. I don't pay attention to grammar or much here. I'm writing from hormone mostly lol That might sound bad but I do try to build it in the A B D C E story format. Again thank you. Just being honest with myself.

Also I love "slightly sorry for Kristen." Lol oh our fetish defeats our morals.

