The Tortured Receptionist

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2018-04-02 15:56

This is FICTION and a story request. Enjoy

Chapter 1

Nikki was a tall, tan twenty two year old woman with breasts that were kind of small, but a tight, muscular ass on top of her long, sexy legs. Her dark, brown hair was brushed to the back of her head as she walked into the dentist office she worked at as a secretary. The dentist was an older, good man, but being as his office was down the street from a college and frat house he wanted to attract business. So his secretaries were required to wear these short, tight, black skirts. White blouses and Nikki wore glasses. But being as he paid them well above minimum wage it was worth it.

Nikki had been walking on her feet all day and now in her work high heels, it did not get better. Along with that, being a health nut Nikki had drank lots of water everyday. She had three bottles that day already by the time she got to work early afternoon.

"Hey Nikki!" The dentist, Dr. Otto and his assistances said as their pretty secretary walked in and up to her desk. Her co worker Emma was now due to go home.

"thank God you're here!" Emma said getting up from her seat and squirming around.

"You ok?" Nikki laughed.

"I've been so busy all day people keep taking the bathroom and I can't wait for them to leave. I gotta get in there before I explode!" Emma ran trampling left to right as she hit the one person restroom.

Nikki then heard a growl from her lower belly. With a sad face she looked down and felt the three bottles of water expand her bladder last normal human limits. Nikki ran up to the door and knocked. "Emma, sweetie. Don't mean to rush but you gonna be long?" Nikki started to sweat, unable to believe how bad her bladder cramps were getting. She shook and shifted her legs around each other. Her tight black panties that ran up her crack were not optimistic of their survival. "Emma!" The phone rang and Nikki ran over. "Yes?" She answered the phone. The toilet flushes and if sent a wave of painful bursts pulses through Nikki's body. She mouthed the words 'oh...my...God!" Her feet went up and down kicking her back as it got bad. Really bad. I watched from afar as this happened in the waiting room. Waits were horrible there. Yet this was so nice to watch. Nikki didn't feel the same way I bet.

As Nikki finished talking about some insurance billing problem on the phone Emma left the bathroom feeling relieved. I did have to kind of go myself. So I walked over to the bathroom, waited at the door, and as Nikki hung up the phone and waved bye to Emma she turned only to see me close the door and I saw her eyes go wide in a sad expression and jaw drop.

I did leave the bathroom and Nikki could've ran in but as she did the phone rang again. Oh it for so much better from there...Nikki and these other girls egged my car a year back so I didn't feel bad about this. Be drunk and stupid? Drink water and suffer. Don't worry she was fine...but her dignity.....heehee

TO BE CONTINUED...

