[Commission]: Desperate Xayah

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2025-08-27 15:13

Hi people! I bring to you one of the hottest characters from League of Legends - Xayah.

For those into it, you are going to love it. And those who are not into League of Legends, I would urge to still read it on imagining it as a tale of a fierce female warrior trying her best to hold it and act all strong and composed in front of her followers. So here goes....

[If you like the story and want a custom done for you, just DM me! ;-)]

###

Desperate Xayah

&&

Chapter 1:

Xayah tilted back the flask and drank the last drops of water. She swallowed fast as her throat was dry from the raid. But as soon as she lowered the flask she wished she had not finished it. She carried two flasks with her during the fight, and now both of them were empty. She could feel it inside her belly, heavy and round, sloshing as she moved.

Why did I drink so much? she thought angrily. I should have known better. I let Rakan push me too far. He always says I need more water, but he never realizes I don’t have a bladder like his.

Her stomach felt tight. It was so full that it pressed from inside. She clenched in rhythms as she walked, but it only gave a few seconds of relief. When she let go, the pressure came back stronger. The cloak on her back swayed lightly as she moved, bouncing on her butt. The shorts she wore were very tight to begin with but now it dug into her belly. They were fitted for combat, tight around her waist, hips and especially around her crotch, and now every time she had to jump or hop or climb, she could feel the waistband digging further in. She felt trapped in her own clothes.

But Xayah kept her head up, eyes forward. The prisoners needed her sharp. Her hands flexed around her feather blades, ready to fight if guards showed up again. But all she could think about was how much she needed to pee. It was a constant feeling of unease behind her pee hole and lower belly. Her body was begging to let go but her mind was screaming not to.

Not now. Not ever in front of them. I will not be weak.

Her steps grew stiff. She tried to walk normal, but every jolt of her feet on the ground made her bulge slosh. She could almost hear it. She wanted to curse Rakan for filling her flask again and again during the raid. She had been so focused on fighting she did not think. She just drank whenever her throat felt dry and whenever he asked.

She saw Rakan glance at her. He slowed down, falling in step with her.

“Are you hurt, feather?” he asked, voice soft and careful.

Xayah straightened quickly, though it made her bladder throb.

“No. Just tired.”

It was a lie, but she said it without blinking. She could not tell him the truth. She was supposed to be strong. Not a squirmy schoolgirl. The prisoners behind her were whispering among themselves, but their eyes were still full of trust. They had just escaped death and chains. They looked at her as if she was a hero. She could not show them anything else. Her insides tightened again after they crossed a small hiking terrain. A sharp spasm surged inside her bladder, that made her bite her lip. She forced her legs to keep moving, to keep her body straight. But inside, panic filled her mind.

If I don’t find a moment soon… I’m going to lose this battle, and it will not be against soldiers.

Chapter 2: It was almost noon, and the forest seemed endless. The prisoners behind her were tired, and so was Xayah. Not because of walking but her bladder that kept pushing against her pee hole. Her bladder was swollen to the point of pain. Any time they stopped she squeezed her thighs together, tighter and tighter. Her legs shaked as she walked. Her body was shuddering from the effort. She tried to walk fast, but it looked awkward, like her knees wanted to cross every step. Her nether throbbed inside her shorts as spasms kept coming. She wanted to keep them steady at her sides, blades ready, leader-like.

But again and again, they flew down to her thighs. Her hands kept hovering near her crotch as if to squeeze her privates, knead it or just cup it tightly. Instead, she forced herself to grab her cape and squeezed herself as hard as possible to block the flood inside her. She was awkwardly bent forward before she forced herself straight again. Sweat ran down her face, dripping down her neck. She wasn’t sure if it was from the hot air or the sheer strain of holding herself together. She bit her lips hard, so hard they stung, to stop herself from making a sound.

Hold it. Hold it. They can’t see me like this.

Rakan kept looking at her. He noticed everything. The way she squirmed, the way her legs crossed when they stopped, the way her body bent forward with a wince. He stepped close, his voice soft and concerned.

“Feather, you’re shaking. Tell me what’s wrong.”

Xayah’s eyes narrowed, but her cheeks burned red.

“Nothing,” she said sharply, but her voice shook just like her body.

Another spasm tore through her bladder, stronger than before. Her body bent forward without her meaning to, her hands clamping down hard on her thighs. Her wings trembled, her knees knocked together, and she had to cross her legs. She could not hide it anymore, not fully.

A prisoner behind her whispered nervously, asking if they should stop to rest. Xayah whipped her head around, glaring, forcing herself upright even though her bladder screamed in protest.

“No stopping. We keep moving,” she said, her voice hard.

But inside, she was crumbling.

I can’t… it’s too much. It hurts. I can’t keep this in much longer.

She was sweating harder now, her whole-body slick. Her thighs rubbed together constantly. Her toes curled every now and then. She felt the first hot drop slip out. Her eyes widened, panic shooting through her. She froze, bent over quickly, grabbing her thighs so tight her fingers ached. She squeezed with everything she had, shuddering from head to toe.

No no no… don’t leak now! Please… not here, not in front of them.

The drop stopped, but she was terrified now. Terrified that the next spasm would not stop at one drop. Her pride was at war with her body. She wanted to be the Violet Raven, the fearless leader. Instead, she was squirming like a child, legs twisted, bending over, shaking and sweating just to keep from wetting herself.

Her breaths was ragged and she could not take big steps. Her thighs burned from how hard she clenched them. Her body was curling in on itself, bending forward with every wave of pressure.

Rakan touched her back, concern in his eyes.

“You’re going to collapse if you keep this up. Please…”

“Shut up,” she snapped, but her voice broke, weak, desperate.

Her legs crossed tighter, her toes twitching, her whole-body trembling. She bit her lip again, wincing, her eyes squeezed shut as another wave hit. Her face was pale except for the hot blush burning on her cheeks. She tried to walk, but her steps were tiny, stuttering. Her thighs rubbed together constantly, squeezing tighter every few seconds.

It’s too much. It’s too much. I can’t keep it in.

She crossed her legs while walking, twisting them awkwardly just to keep herself closed. When she stumbled on a root, she bent forward sharply, grabbing her thighs tight with both hands. She squirmed in place, trying to fight the spasm throbbing through her bladder. Sweat ran down her forehead, dripping off her nose.

Rakan’s hand brushed her shoulder.

“Xayah, please, stop for a moment. You’re…”

“I said I’m fine!” she snapped, but her voice cracked, and she was bent double, her legs crossed so tight they trembled.

The prisoners were staring now. One of them whispered, “Is she hurt?” Another frowned, looking worried.

Xayah’s eyes burned with shame. She tried to step forward, but another spasm ripped through her. She bent over again with a strangled gasp, her hands yearning to grab her crotch, but her pride stopped her.

Another hot leak escaped. She felt it, slipping out through her vagina, dampening her panties. She clenched with every bit of strength she had, her whole body shaking as she tried to stop it.

No no no… not here… not in front of them… please hold, please hold.

She stood up weakly, forcing herself to walk again, every step a frantic dance. She crossed her legs even while moving, stumbling, twisting her hips side to side. She was squirming openly now.

I can’t… I can’t stop it…

Rakan moved close, his voice soft and urgent.

“Feather… please, you’re hurting yourself.”

She glared at him through watery eyes, her face flushed deep red.

“This is your fault,” she hissed, bending over again, grabbing her thighs tightly as another spasm made her knees buckle. “You… made me drink… all that water…”

She shook violently, her legs twisting, her wings flaring out. She was frantic, squirming like she had never squirmed before. Her body was on fire with effort, every muscle straining to hold back the inevitable.

I must… I must hold it anyhow…

She looked at the sun. It was setting slowly but steadily. She was hoping that it would get dark soon so that she can have the freedom to squeeze herself, but the forest path wound on forever. The freed prisoners were stumbling, but they followed Xayah without question. She walked stiffly at the front with her hips waving from side to side in small frantic motions. She squirmed without control, trying to hide it but failing.

Her bladder was screaming. Every few steps, another hot leak slipped out. She could feel the dampness spreading in her shorts. She winced each time, biting her lips. A few tiny drops ran down her legs, leaving faint dark spots on the ground.

Rakan moved close again, whispering low so the others wouldn’t hear.

“Feather… you’re dripping. They’ll see it soon. If you need to stop…”

“No!” she snapped, glaring at him, even though her face was red and her body was shaking. She bent over mid-step, “If I stop, they’ll think I’m weak.”

“They won’t,” Rakan said softly, his eyes warm even as he looked worried. He brushed her arm gently. “They already think you’re a hero. They’d understand.”

She hissed at him through clenched teeth. “You don’t understand. I can’t… I won’t let them see me like this. This is your fault, Rakan. You kept filling my flasks. You told me to drink. Look what you did to me.”

Rakan gave a sheepish grin, though his own body shifted uncomfortably. He crossed his legs for a second, then chuckled softly. “I can’t lie, watching you squirm like this is making me desperate too,” he admitted. “But unlike you, I don’t mind waiting. I’ll hold it if it means keeping you safe.”

Xayah shot him a sharp look, biting her lip again as another strong wave hit. “Don’t… tease me,” she whispered harshly, her voice cracking. “You… you don’t know how bad it is.”

Rakan’s expression softened. He leaned close, whispering so only she could hear. “I do know. I can see it. And if you need to, I’ll cover for you. No one will think less of you, Xayah.”

She jerked, crossing her legs tight, her body twisting in a frantic squirm. She was sweating, gasping, biting her lip, her eyes wet from strain. “No. I refuse. I won’t let them see me weak. I’d rather… I’d rather die than…” Her words broke into a wince as another hot spurt soaked her shorts, running down her thighs.

Rakan placed a hand on her back, steadying her. His voice was calm, but his eyes were serious.

“Feather, if you push yourself any harder, you’ll burst. You don’t need to be perfect for them. They already owe you their freedom.”

She forced herself straight again, trying to walk, but her steps were stumbling, tiny, her body trembling violently. She crossed her legs even as she moved, squirming like crazy, her breath ragged. Every few steps, another spurt escaped, adding to the dampness. She felt the heat between her legs, the shame burning in her chest.

Rakan leaned close, “You’re seconds away, Xayah. Let me help you, please.”

She shook her head frantically, wings fluttering, sweat dripping from her chin, “No. I’ll… I’ll hold. I have to hold.”

But she knew, deep inside, she was at the very edge. Every muscle was shaking, her body frantic, her shorts already damp. She was moments away from losing the fight completely.

The path grew narrower, forcing the group into single file. Xayah stayed in front, but her body was at war with itself. Her bladder pulsed like it was alive, pounding hard inside her belly. Another spasm hit. She bent over suddenly, grabbing her thighs tightly, quaking from head to toe. A hot leak, a bigger one, escaped, soaking the crotch of her shorts. She gasped, biting her lip until she tasted blood.

No no no… I’m leaking again. I can’t stop it… I can’t stop it!

She squeezed harder, shaking violently, her body trembling as she fought to regain control. The stream cut off after a few seconds, but the damage was clear. Her shorts were wet, and the patch was nearly as big as her fist.

Rakan’s eyes flicked down for just a moment. He leaned close, his voice low.

“You’re already wet, Feather. Please! Let me cover for you. Stop fighting yourself.”

Her eyes snapped to his, furious even through her shame.

“Shut up,” she hissed. “I…I can hold it.”

The prisoners noticed. One whispered, “She looks hurt.” Another asked softly, “Should we stop?”

Xayah’s cheeks burned hotter. “Keep moving,” she barked, though her voice shook. “We can’t stop here.”

But even as she spoke, another leak slipped out.

I’m dripping… they’ll see it… Why can’t I hold it…

Rakan stepped closer, whispering with a small grin despite his own stiff posture. “You know, watching you dance like this is making me desperate too.”

Xayah’s eyes flared, “This is your fault!” she spat in a whisper. “You made me drink all that water and now it’s all wanting out with nowhere to go.”

Rakan chuckled softly, though his own hand closed into a tight fist. “Maybe. But I don’t mind holding. I’ll wait as long as you need. I’d even wait here with you if you let yourself…”

“Never,” Xayah hissed, quaking violently.

Her steps grew smaller and smaller. She could only move a few paces before another spasm bent her forward again. She finally shoved her hands into her damp crotch. She grabbed herself so tight her knuckles were going white.

I’m losing… I’m really losing it…

Rakan whispered again, softer now.

“Xayah… if you push yourself another minute, it’ll all come out whether you want it or not.”

Xayah’s lips were trembling, “Then I’ll fight it… until the very last drop,” she whispered back.

Chapter 3: The sun was sinking, painting the forest in long shadows. The prisoners dragged their feet now, exhausted, but they were safe for the moment. No sounds of pursuit, no clashing steel. For the first time since the raid, there was quiet. It had been hours since she first felt the pressure, and now it was beyond reason. Her shorts were damp and cold and squishing her swollen labia. As she hobbled, she realized her thighs were sticky. She whispered to herself as she walked, sweat dripping down her face.

Just a little longer. When it’s dark, I’ll unbutton my shorts. No one will see. Just a little longer…

As they continued down the path, a prisoner cleared her throat nervously. “Xayah… Rakan… we need to stop. Please. We need… relief.”

Another spoke, looking down with shame, “We can’t hold it anymore.”

Xayah froze. Her eyes widened. The word “relief” stabbed through her like a blade. Her bladder suddenly started contracting and spasming even harder at the mere thought of it. She doubled over again, crossing her legs so tight they shook, grabbing her thighs hard. A sharp spurt of hot liquid escaped, soaking her shorts further. She whimpered under her breath, trembling all over. She opened her mouth, ready to snap, ready to deny them, but Rakan’s voice cut in smoothly. “Of course. Do what you need. We’ll cover for you.”

Xayah’s head whipped around, “What?!” she hissed, her voice breaking. Drops slid down her thighs again pit-pat-pit.

Rakan gave her a calm smile, though his own legs shifted, crossed for a moment.

“They’ve been through enough, Feather. Let them have a moment.”

Xayah’s whole body shivered as she heard the first prisoner step aside. Then came the sound - the loud, gushing stream of urine splattering against the dirt. Her eyes went wide. She winced, biting her lips hard, sweat pouring down her face. The sound grew louder as more prisoners followed. One after another, the forest filled with the rushing, hissing noise of desperate bladders emptying at last. The smell of hot urine filled the cool air.

Xayah shook violently. Her wings twitched without control, her thighs rubbing madly together, her toes curling until they hurt. She squirmed in place like her body was dancing against her will, bending over, straightening, then bending again, hands digging into her crothc. Drops turned into tiny spurts. One escaped her tired sphincters every few seconds, soaking her shorts further, dripping down her legs.

Her eyes darted to Rakan, furious. “How dare you let them… how dare you let them do this when I..”

She cut herself off as she realized she was about to admit her situation. She bent over, trembling all over. I can’t take this sound… I can’t… I’m going to explode…

The gushing continued around her, splattering, hissing, echoing in her ears. She whimpered softly without meaning to, her lips bitten bloody, her body frantic, her bladder on the very edge of total collapse.

The prisoners were finishing, sighing with relief as their streams hissed against the dirt and roots. Xayah stood rigid in front of them, trying to fight the ungodly waves of pressure hammering her pee hole. Her face was red with strain and the veins on her forehead could pop. Her top and even her cape were slightly damp with her profuse sweating.

Rakan stepped beside her, his voice low and gentle. “Feather… you’re killing yourself like this. Please. Just let it out. No one here will think less of you.”

Xayah shook her head sharply, wings trembling with strain. Her face was flushed deep red, sweat rolling down her cheeks, lips bitten raw. She winced as another leak soaked into her shorts. She tried to sound steady. “No, Rakan. I can’t. If I stop now, in front of them, they’ll see me weak. They’ll remember me not as the one who freed them… but as the one who couldn’t hold her own body.”

Rakan tilted his head, his usual playful grin softer now. “You’ve done more for them than they ever dreamed. You’ve cut through chains, stormed fortresses, led them to freedom. You think a bladder will change that?”

Xayah shook, biting her lip hard, crossing her legs even tighter. She whispered fiercely through clenched teeth.

“You don’t understand. I will not let them see me like this. I’d rather fight a hundred guards than—”

She cut herself off with a gasp as another spasm forced a longer leak from her, trickling down both thighs. She bent double, grabbing herself tight, trembling violently, her hands closing into fists tightly. Her body was shaking all over, every muscle screaming.

Rakan watched her, his eyes full of worry but also something else twinkled. Resolve. He sighed softly. “If you won’t do it for yourself, then maybe I need to show you there’s no shame in it.”

Xayah’s head snapped up, eyes wide. “What are you…”

But before she could stop him, Rakan turned his back slightly to the group, stepped a little aside, and relaxed. The sound came instantly. It was a powerful, hissing gush splattering against the forest floor. It was loud, steady, endless.

Xayah’s whole body convulsed at the sound. Her thighs rubbed together frantically, her hips twisting side to side, her wings fluttering uncontrollably. She bent over, her face buried against her chest. Drops poured out of her in short bursts, soaking her shorts, running down her trembling legs.

“No… stop… don’t do this,” she whispered, her voice shaking, eyes wet with fury and panic. “You’re making it worse…”

Rakan’s stream gushed loudly, echoing in the quiet forest. He sighed with relief, shaking his head lightly.

“See, Feather? Even I need to let go sometimes. It doesn’t make me less. And it won’t make you less either.”

Xayah’s teeth clenched so hard her jaw hurt. Her body shook violently, quivering with each wave. “Rakan… stop it… please,” she whispered, shaking her head desperately. “I can’t… I’m going to…”

But the hissing continued, loud and merciless, filling her ears, drowning her in sound. Her bladder was spasming nonstop, every muscle shaking, leaking without pause. She was hanging by a thread, seconds away from total disaster.

By the time the last prisoner shook themselves dry, the forest smelled of pee. Rakan had rejoined her side, calm as always, while she stood bent forward, trembling, her shorts sticking wet against her thighs. Her bladder was still swollen to the point of madness, filled to bursting. The fabric clung tighter, shining faintly in the fading sunlight.

They set off again, the sun dipping below the trees, shadows thickening. The prisoners walked lighter now, relieved, whispering to each other. Xayah heard them all.

“She didn’t stop once…” one said, eyes wide with awe.

“Not even after all this time. She’s strong. Stronger than us.”

“She’s leading us without a single weakness. Amazing…”

Xayah was stiff and her body was arched forward. If only they knew… Her hands glue to her crotch, and she had desperately unbuttoned her shorts. The button went flying and her bulge plopped out like water balloon, stretching her skin pale. “Are those bruises?” Rakan asked, looking at her bulge.

Xayah didn’t answer and pulled her cape in front to cover herself. Her shorts had a huge wet patch, dark and obvious in the dimming light, but the cloak at her back still hid most of it.

She could feel heat coming out of her ears. Her pee hole felt like it was on fire. She couldn’t move fast anymore. Her legs shuffled in tiny steps. The pressure was maddening, an iron ball of liquid ready to burst at any second. Because of her, the group slowed too. The freed prisoners stumbled, glancing around nervously. The forest grew darker, and urgency weighed heavy on all of them.

“Xayah,” one prisoner called softly, “we need to hurry. The sun’s gone. The guards may be close. Are you hurt?”

She froze. Her body locked up, trembling violently in place. Another prisoner stepped closer, worried. “Leader? You’re pale… you’re shaking. We must hurry.”

Rakan moved close, touching her shoulder gently, his voice low.

“Feather… you can’t keep going like this. You’ll…”

“Shut up,” she whispered, shaking her head, “You have no club. How much I am holding..”

The prisoners kept glancing between each other, uneasy. “She’s not well…”; “But she’s still standing. So strong…”

Xayah’s fists clenched, I can’t… I can’t move. I’m going to break right here…

Xayah stood frozen in the middle of the path. The sun was gone, the forest around them heavy with darkness, only streaks of dying orange left in the sky. The prisoners were whispering nervously, urging to move, but she couldn’t. Her body was at war with itself. Her bladder was screaming for a relief. Every fiber in her body was trembling.

Hold… just hold a little longer… I can’t let them see… I can’t break now…

Rakan touched her shoulder gently, whispering, “Feather… please. You’ve done enough. Don’t hurt yourself.”

“Shut… up…” she squeaked.

Her bladder spasmed again, harder than before. The prisoners stared, eyes wide, whispering.

“She’s shaking so much…”

“She hasn’t stopped once… how is she even standing?”

“She needs to relieve herself perhaps…”

Rakan whispered again, his voice firm now.

“Xayah… you’re breaking. Let it go. No one will think less of you. Not after what you’ve done.”

She turned her head, “I can’t… I won’t… I refuse to—”

But the words cut off with a sharp cry. Her bladder spasmed harder than ever, the flood breaking past every wall she had left. She bent double instantly, shuddering violently, both hands pressing into her soaked crotch. Her legs twisted together. She shook all over, fighting, biting her lip, whimpering, refusing to let go. For a few seconds, she held. Trembling, frantic, leaking in short bursts but still holding.

Then it happened.

A sudden, unstoppable jet burst free with a loud hiss, splattering against her legs, spraying through her soaked shorts. She gasped loudly. She bent forward more, clutching herself, shaking her head in panic. “No… no no no…” But it didn’t stop.

The hiss grew louder, stronger, as a thick torrential stream flooded out of her nether. Hot urine poured down her legs in shining rivers, soaking her boots, splattering against the dirt. Steam rose faintly in the cooling evening air. She tightened her fist on her crotch, but the piss forced past her fingers, gurgling non-stop. She tried this for a long minute, but her bladder wouldn’t listen to her commands. Finally, her thighs loosened, her hands dropped weakly to her sides.

She leaned against a tree parting her legs, groaning and shuddering as the flood poured out uncontrollably. Relief washed over her like anything. Her bladder, stretched to its limit, finally emptied itself in a roaring torrent. The pain melted into an overwhelming, dizzying relief. Her eyes fluttered shut, her lips parted in a shivering sigh.

“Ahhh… gods…” she whispered, her voice shaky, almost broken.

The stream hissed and splattered for what felt like forever. The puddle beneath her grew wider, soaking into the dirt, spreading toward the roots. The smell filled the air. She trembled with every second of release, sweat dripping down her face, her chest heaving. The prisoners were silent, eyes wide, staring at their leader as she lost control in front of them. Some turned away awkwardly, others just froze in shock.

Rakan stayed close, his eyes warm and calm. He spoke softly, only for her.

“See, Feather? Even the strongest need to let go sometimes.”

Xayah’s face burned with humiliation, but her body shook with relief. The stream went on and on, hissing loudly, until finally it weakened into spurts, then drips. Once she was done, she tried to stand up but her legs were so weak, they have away. She tumbled on Rakan.

She glared at Rakan through her shame, “This… is your fault,” she hissed, though her voice was weak, broken.

Rakan smiled softly. “And I’d take the blame every time if it means you don’t hurt yourself.”

Xayah clenched her fists, still trembling. Her pride was shattered, her body weak, but deep down, a part of her knew she’d never felt such raw relief in her life.

The puddle beneath Xayah spread wide across the dirt path, soaking the roots and leaves. The hiss had stopped, but the smell lingered in the cooling air. The prisoners said nothing at first. Some had turned away, pretending they hadn’t seen, their faces tight with respect or discomfort. Others glanced nervously, whispering low.

“She… she held that the whole time?” one muttered in awe.

“Impossible. No one could hold that long…”

Their words reached Xayah. They were still praising her, but she only felt humiliated. She clenched her fists, trembling with anger, her lips tight as she stared at the ground. Rakan, as always, acted like it was nothing. He stepped forward, clapped his hands softly to gather attention, and spoke smoothly.

“All right, everyone, enough staring. We move, now. And don’t worry about the ground.”

He snapped his fingers, and with a small flourish of magic, he kicked leaves and dirt across the soaked patch. The damp earth darkened evenly, blending with the forest floor. Then he led the group forward into a shallow stream, urging them to step through the water, washing away any trace. “No trail. No scent. The guards won’t find a thing,” he assured them, his voice calm and light.

Xayah followed stiffly, her boots squelching at every step. She didn’t look at anyone. Her eyes stayed down, her jaw tight. When the group had moved far enough ahead, she finally turned on Rakan, her eyes blazing.

“This is your fault,” she snapped, her voice shaking with fury.

Rakan tilted his head, that usual smile tugging at his lips.

“Feather, you saved lives today. You led them to freedom. And you held yourself together longer than anyone else could have. That was strength.”

“Don’t twist it, Rakan. You told me to drink. You pushed those flasks into my hands again and again. You said I needed to stay hydrated for the mission. And now…” She gestured angrily to her soaked shorts, her trembling thighs. “…look what happened.”

Rakan’s grin softened into something more tender. He leaned closer, lowering his voice so only she could hear.

“And if I hadn’t, maybe you would have collapsed from thirst in the middle of the raid. I’ll take a little wet fabric over losing you any day.”

Xayah’s face burned hotter. She wanted to snap again, to claw at him, to drown her shame in anger. But his words left her chest tight, her heart beating fast. She turned her head sharply, muttering, “Idiot.”

Rakan chuckled softly, “My idiot,” holding her hand.

Xayah’s body was still trembling with aftershocks, her pride torn apart, but she lifted her chin, forcing herself to look ahead. The prisoners needed her strong, not broken. And though her shorts clung wet and heavy, she swore silently to herself: never again would she let Rakan manage her water.

- - - The End - - -

