The City Girl Who Blew

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-12-28 15:08

Kora slipped, or rather pushed herself into her tight pink leggings that cut off at the ankle. She was a fit, Asian girl in her thirties. Her black running shoes tight on her feet, tied, as she was going for a jog, and a gray sports bra that showed her arms all the way shiny and hot as it tightened around her big boobs that had a small tattoo on the top saying “Made in China ?”. She took the elevator down to the lobby of her New York apartment building. They had free water bottles every morning which she loved so she took one as she headed out. She felt a slight twitch in her bladder. She rubbed her belly. “Oh. Forgot to pee. Shit.” It was an average discomfort, very low towards her private area with slight pulses. She thought she would be able to hold on. She ignored it and continued her run.

Kora sprinted out of her apartment building. She always sprinted at the beginning of her jog. It was always nice to get started as she put one foot in front of the other in a face motion to get her a far distance before she slowed down. You know, to reach the jogging speed. Men (and some women) admired Kora’s tight, rock hard ass as she passed them and her cheeks jiggled back and forth. Little did she know her bladder was also jigging at the time. Kora had a bottle of water with her that she quickly finished off before tossing it in the trash at the side.

She waved to her fellow city goers who waved back. It was around then, after making it about a mile into her run, sweaty, shiny, and exhausted, that her bladder pains (and urges) started to get the better of her. “Oooh!” she moaned, pausing in place. She held her lower belly, and felt it expanded a little bit over her waist. Wearing things so tight one would think her bladder would be pushed in as much as it took to prevent this from happening. She looked down, and her eyes widened in terror as she noticed her belly button turned into an expanded, bigger round thing. Kora grasped her lower back against her kidneys, and hopped in place. Her bouncing made her boobs jiggle and her tits stand out. She saw a couple of pervetative men stopped close to examine the beauty. “Pervs!” she yelled at them. Kora sprinted away.

The sprinting did not help Kora’s predicament anymore than she thought. She may have run from the pervs, but her bladder pains were still very, VERY close indeed. She needed to pee VERY badly! Oh, how she wished she had remembered to pee earlier before she left. She would never make it home. She was not in the feeling of dying (yet) but if she did not take care of her lower urges quick, she would be dealing with that sort of pain (as well as a very big and humiliating mess). Therefore, Kora decided to race down to the Central Park lavatory’s. Public bathrooms were disgusting, but humiliation was worst.

“Gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta peeee!” she moaned as she ran carefully. She traveled along the sidewalk path and reached down to her destination of relief. “Oh my God!” she yelled. Her eyes widened and watered at the horrifying sight of lines sticking out of the men’s and women’s restrooms. She looked around as she jogged and bounced in place. Her boobs and butt cheeks jiggled back and forth as she did this. She noticed a few small amusement park rides set up. Some snack booths as well.

“Oh, just my luck! A freaking fair. Of all times!” she grabbed her crotch tight and legs closed. She did it briefly, just long enough to regain her posture. She pushed and stuck her fingers in her pee hole just to remain steady. She ran down to the line. She stood there with her arms crossed on her chest on her big breasts and legs closed tight, bouncing. She showed teeth as she jittered from the increase of how desperate she was. Having a chill run through her as she could feel potential embarrassing accident. “That can’t happen!” she thought.

Ten minutes went by and the lone barely moved. She breathed in and out heavy, her face cheeks (FACE cheeks, not talking about the other end this time) expanded in and out as she tried to take her mind off the painful pulses spiking from her bladder. She felt it pushing against her vagina to exit, the ocean inside of her boiling and heavy. “MMMMM!” It felt like she took a couple hard kicks to the belly to strain her.

As she bounced, she looked over everyone who was in front of her shoulders to see how much longer she would have to wait. Her eyes closed to regain focus on her strength to hold in the load. She tapped the shoulder of the lady in front of her. “Excu-s-se, mee!” Kora said, trying hard to focus her words together among the bladder pains. “Mam, may I p-pplease cut. I need to go to the bathroom REALLY BAD! Please-AHH!” Kora said as she grasped her private area.

“Hell no sweetie,” said the lady who was slightly older than Kora. “You’re a grown up, freaking wait in line like the rest of us.”

Kora continued to bounce as the pain grew. She was going to start to lose control if she did not empty herself out soon. “Oooooh!” Kora pushed other ladies aside and tried to dash in, alas, they shoved her out. She tried to get back in and they shoved her again. Some of them, including the younger girls, flipped her off. Even worst, they would not let her get back in her spot in line. Security came over to stop her and asked her to leave. “But…but…” they said, “no butts miss. Now please leave this park before we arrest you for harassment.”

Kora nearly cried bloody tears as she jogged away, bouncing her aching bladder and no doubt worsening the urgency of her desperation. She had to go pee so BADLY!

Kora ran across the street, ignoring pushing the stop signals. Cars beeped at her as they nearly hit the bursting Asian girl. Her belly which was exposed thanks to the sports bra was clearly swollen from her full bladder.

She stopped and jogged in place for a second, arms tight to her sides and hands in fists. “Gotta go, gotta go, gotta go, gotta go!”

She ran into a diner and swept past all the tables. She asked an employee who had just brought drinks to a table. “E-excuse me. Where’s your bathroom?”

The waiter, a cute male her age, clearly aroused by her desperation, “In the back.” Just as she ran he placed an arm in front to stop her. “BUT…I’m sorry strict store policy, you need to buy something first.”

Kora jogged in place and bounced, unable to stop at risk of flooding her panties like the second coming or something. She pulled on her hair. “Oh, come on!”

“I’m sorry. Rules.”

Kora reached down to her pockets…except she had none! They were tights. While they did well in showing off her tight steel ass and muscular calf’s through the pinkness, they did not provide space for money. “Shit,” she whispered. Then she remembered she had a card in her bra with her ID. She held her debit card out to the employee. “Give me a muffin. Anything cheap really. I just need to pee bad please.” She turned red as the humiliation settled in. Oh, how humiliating it was. Her legs crossed as she held her place.

The employee could barely focus as all the blood drained from his brain and went to his dick. This was so hot. “Oh…um…sorry,” he said. “But we don’t take debit cards. Our owner hates new technology.”

Kora’s jaw dropped. “What…wha…What the hell do you mean?!? These have been around forever. And I have to pee!”

“Sorry miss.”

Kora cried. She covered her face as she wept and ran out of the diner. “This can’t be happening!” she said. She then stopped on the sidewalk, knees turned inwards, hand at her crotch and pushing in to plug up her pee hole. She bit her lips as she bounced. She felt a warm gist go across her fingers. “Oh no…” Kora was started to pee in her panties and she knew it. And in public too! She could not let this happen. “Ahhhhh!” She sprinted off, keeping her legs tight together as she made an awkward run across town.

Not long after she found relief: a porta-potty! She smiled and tears fell from her eyes of joy. Even as her bladder was LITERALLY on the verge of explosion. “Beautiful.” She ran over and pulled on the handle. She went in, shut the door, and just as she pulled her tights down and crouched, she saw the disgusting horror: there was pee AND poop filled nearly to the top of this porta-potty. She jumped up with her back against the door. Her lips trembled, legs shook, there was no hope. She held her mouth and belly as she almost threw up from the disgusting sight of other people’s waste but also the intense, knife-stabbing like pain in her bladder. Her legs crossed as she plugged her pee hole with all her force trying to hold back. “Oh god! Oh god! I can’t wait much longer. I have to go now. I have to get home.”

Kora sprinted out of the porta potty, catching attention of everyone around her. Just then a major cramp shot up her leg and she fell over, grabbing her shin. She yelped as her leg cramp matched the main of her exploding bladder. People were staring and Kora felt butterflies fill her stomach and her face becoming bright, hot red.

Kora shook on the ground as she grabbed her crotch, holding back the waterfall of pee about to explode out of her vagnia.

“Miss,” a man said as he walked up to her. “Are you okay?”

The embarrassment and pain was so bad Kora could not take it much longer. She shut her eyes and felt it: her bladder exploded!

Pee gushed out of that girl’s vagnia in the public street in front of everyone. She kept a hand on it which filled with pee as she tried to hold it back, but it was no use. Kora was on her knees crying from the humiliation as her panties quickly filled up with warm pee and drained out of her tights and out to a huge puddle that formed on the ground. A puddle of pee. Her boobs jiggled from the orgasmic release, even though it was impossible to enjoy due to the people she heard laughing. Her pinks tights ripped at the ends from having so much pee fill them up and expand the material past than what it should. Even her belly button was drenched in the warm pee. Her body just let it all out, emptying her huge tank. When it finally dwindled down Kora looked around her and cried as people took video and pictures. She ran away yelling, “Whhhhyyyyyyyyyyyy!” This had to be the most embarrassing accident in the whole city’s history.

Just like in a boxer champion film, as she jogged, it was not a jog to celebrate victory. It was a jog to her apartment and rest her humiliation. Oh, the pain brought on by a single mistake of forgetting to go in the morning.

Poor Kora had it worse than she thought. For from her bladder exploding she lost ability to hold it in, and needed to go to the doctor to get it taken care of.

All across the internet that day people spoke about the City Girl Whose Bladder Blew!

THE END.

