Trucking's a Dirty Job

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2020-12-20 01:19

Another commission story! This one was commissioned by @ed2

! This was my first foray into writing a messing story (which yes, means this story contains and focuses on messing, so do be warned), which isn't something I'm personally into and is also something I'm not used to writing. But I've been told I did a good job, so I hope those of you who are into it enjoy!

Trucking's a Dirty Job

Dalia let out a heavy sigh as she carried her lunch back to her truck. She was currently parked at a truck stop along one of the long interstates, one of the stops with all the amenities. Parking, gas, and the lifeblood of any American trucker-- fast food. She had grabbed a combo meal from one of the more regional joints in this area, and had eagerly rushed back to her truck to dig in.

Climbing back into the seat of her big-rig, she eagerly unwrapped one of the greasy burgers and started devouring it with voracity. She had been particularly hungry after her last long stretch of road, and hadn’t eaten a large enough breakfast to compensate for it.

Dalia was very much still getting the feel for things in the trucking business. She had never intended to be a trucker, but after struggling to find a job after college, her dad got her hooked up and she was able to get a commercial driver’s license and a guaranteed job. She had only intended to stay for as long as it took her to find a job she could actually use her big, fancy, expensive degree for, but with everything happening, the job market was particularly harsh and the demand for truck drivers to keep things running meant she really didn’t have any better options right now.

Still, she couldn’t stand some of the people she had to deal with. In her neck of the woods, most of her fellow truck drivers were middle-aged men with very traditional values. Not to mention she was a young woman fresh out of college. They didn’t exactly have much common ground, and most of her interactions while trying to socialize at the many truck stops she’d been to had been largely negative, either with them treating her like she shouldn’t be there or patronizing her and her skills because she was new, a woman, or both.

And thus, she was holed up back in her truck, on her second burger at this point, taking care not to let the sauce or grease from her food drip onto her outfit. She might have been a trucker, but she wasn’t going to let that stop her from being fashion-conscious. She was currently wearing a pale orange cardigan over a black, long-sleeved blouse and a pair of comfortable yet form-fitting jeans. Enough to keep her warm during the winter, but also giving her the freedom to strip down a layer of it got warmer depending on the weather.

She finished her second burger and began eagerly devouring her fries, taking sips of her large soda between bites. She had taken care to at least pack plenty of water and energy drinks, but there was something particularly refreshing about grabbing a nice cold fountain drink to wash down the salty, fatty foods associated with fast food.

Once she was done with lunch, she crumpled up her trash and opted to toss it into the trash bag she had tucked away under the dashboard on the passenger’s side, rather than stepping back out into the cold and finding a trash bin for it. She had tossed out her old trash bag earlier, so this one was practically empty anyway.

Dalia continued to sip on her drink, leaning back and idly checking the time on her phone. She still had about 30 minutes before she needed to get back on the road, potentially even longer if she wanted to be bold about it. She mentally went through the things she had wanted to do stopping here. Use the bathroom, throw out her trash, top off the truck’s gas tank, grab lunch. She had pretty much done everything she needed to do. Considering how long the next stretch of her trip was going to be, it would probably be a good idea for her to empty her bladder again before she left, but she didn’t have to go now, and she wanted to wait until right before she set out anyway.

Leaning back, Dalia sunk into the large driver’s seat. When she first started she found the seat to be incredibly uncomfortable, but now that she was used to it, she felt herself growing drowsy just leaning back into it. Grabbing her phone, she set an alarm so she’d still have time to go to the bathroom before heading back out, and decided to give into temptation and take a quick power nap.

Dalia’s eyelids grew heavy as she leaned back and reclined her seat, and she drifted off into a comfortable sleep.

###

The honk of another truck’s horn jolted Dalia awake and she shot up in a panic before realizing what had happened. She calmed down her racing heart and reached down at her phone. Her alarm hadn’t gone off yet, but she wanted to see how much time she had left. If she only had another 5 minutes or so to sleep, she figured it’d be better to stay awake. She hit the button on her phone and waited for the screen to turn on.

It didn’t. Dalia hit the button again, but still nothing. Starting to worry, she held the button down, and to her dread, the low battery icon popped up. Her phone had died at some point during her nap, and that meant she might have overslept.

She looked down at the clock on her radio, and let a sigh of relief. She was only running about 5 minutes late. Nothing to sweat over, as long as she got on the road now. She had to at least get across the state border by the end of the night if she wanted to reach her final destination by evening tomorrow when she was due, but 5 minutes was nothing. She pulled her seat forwards, adjusted the back so it was straight, stretched her limbs, and started up the truck proper. After giving it a few minutes to warm up properly, she slowly began making her way to the exit of the truck stop. Once she was out, she pulled her truck up to speed on the long side-road running parallel to the interstate, and merged into the right-most lane.

Now that she was back on the road, she switched on the radio, more for the background noise than any actual desire to listen in on the idle chatter and minor updates from other truckers, and let her mind wander as she stared at the road in front of her. She often found driving relaxing, and so the idea of spending the next 5 to 6 hours on the road before she stopped for a late dinner didn’t exactly put her off. She actually quite enjoyed the alone-time and relative quiet she got during these long hauls. It definitely beat any job she could’ve gotten in retail, with strict supervisors constantly breathing down her neck and nasty customers nagging at her for the most trivial reasons.

She let out a tired yawn and reached over into a bag on the seat next to her, pulling out the vibrantly colored can of the energy drink of her choice. She cracked it open and drank half of it in one swig, trying to place it down in her cup holder before realizing she still had half of her soda from before still sitting in the front cupholder. She grabbed it and swirled it around, feeling the half-melted ice. Not wanting it to dilute the soda to the point it was undrinkable, she took a long sip from it as well before placing it down. Over the course of the next half-hour or so, she slowly finished off both the energy drink and the soda, tossing both empty drinks into her trash bag as well.

Dalia was about an hour into her trip before she felt a slight nag from her bladder, and realized she hadn’t gone to the bathroom before she left like she had planned. It was probably fine, since she had gone at the truck stop earlier, but it might mean she’d have to stop somewhere before dinner, something she really didn’t want to do if she could help it.

Still, it was only a slight nag, and she didn’t have to go that bad, so maybe she could push the urge to the back of her mind and put it off for a while longer.

As she drove, however, another urge creeped up on her. A slight pang in her abdomen and a bloated pressure. At first she thought it was gas. She let some out and felt better. However, as she drove, it became more and more obvious to her that it wasn’t just gas. She needed to poop.

Coming off of her college days, Dalia often paid little mind to the quality of her food and diet, but on occasion it would catch up to her. Now seemed like one of those times, where her body was reacting to the fat and grease and lack of anything remotely resembling fiber. As her stomach began to cramp up, she bit her lip. Where would she go? It wasn’t just like she was in a small car or a family van. There weren’t many places where she could just park a big rig and make a quick pit stop.

“Hey phone, search for truck stops along my current route,” Dalia called out. With any luck, there might be a stop coming up shortly. She could pull over and take a quick break.

“Here’s the nearest truck stops,” her phone’s ai called out in monotone. Dalia looked over quickly at the screen and cursed when she saw that the next stop was about 2 hours down the interstate. Worse still, she was in a pretty remote area and there weren’t many exits either.

Damn… 2 hours... I… I can hold it 2 hours. I’m sure that’ll be fine.

It wouldn’t have been the first time that Dalia would’ve had to hold it during this job. Her first few days were awful. She wasn’t at all used to being in an environment where a bathroom wasn’t immediately accessible. Sure, there had been times when an inconvenient urge had popped up mid-exam or during a long lecture covering important information she couldn’t afford to miss, but she was usually able to plan around it, and at worst it meant holding it for an hour until she could clamber to the nearest bathroom.

But that first day was a bit of a wake-up call. She had started the morning with a large cup of particularly strong gas station coffee, something that, while helping her stay awake and alert, did neither her bladder nor her bowels any favors. That in addition to the admittedly sketchy gas station egg sandwich she had for breakfast hit her with the one-two punch late that afternoon. Desperate and in a bit of a panic, she took the next exit, only to land herself in a city with narrow streets and not a single place to park a big-rig.

Deprived of relief, she was forced to take the ramp back onto the interstate and forge onwards, but the next exit was more of the same. In pain and knowing she wouldn’t make it to the next exit or rest stop before having a total accident, she had pulled off to the side of the interstate and hid behind her truck as she dropped her pants and finally relieved herself, sighing in relief as her body expelled all that coffee and the bad eggs she had for breakfast.

Wiping herself with just a pack of pocket tissues had been quite the ordeal, and getting a big-rig back onto the interstate from a full stop was its own nightmare, but she had made it to her destination with no one the wiser, and since then she had been far more careful about her trips to the bathroom.

Of course, that was, until today. She really should’ve gone before she left the truck stop, running late or not. Though she wasn’t even entirely convinced that would have helped. She might have peed, but she didn’t have to poop back then, and she likely would’ve been in too much of a rush to do so even if she had the foresight to go to the bathroom.

Moreover, the interstate here didn’t have much of a shoulder, as it cut through a long stretch of forest. She wouldn’t have room to pull her truck over, even if she wanted to, which she really didn’t.

So, holding it it was. She bit her lip, trying to gauge how long she had given her current level of discomfort. Her stomach was cramping a little, but it wasn’t twisting or turning like some of the other experiences she’s had, and her bladder, while filling steadily, still felt pretty manageable. If she pushed her urges to the back of her mind, she could make it.

Of course, that was easier said than done, and not another fifteen minutes into the trip, and Dalia was struggling. Her stomach pains were coming more frequently and she could feel her intestines grumble and gurgle, likely a negative reaction to the food she ate that she’d feel as a heightened urge to poop. As well, the energy drink and soda she had downed after getting back on the road were doing a number on her bladder, and she could feel it filling quickly and sending her nagging signals that it was full.

Gotta go gotta go gotta go… I can hold it. I can hold it… maybe if I speed a little…

Dalia put her foot to the pedal and increased her speed, signaling and changing lanes when it was safe to do so so she was in the faster lane. She would’ve loved to fully shift over to the left lane and speed all the way down to the truck stop and her much-needed relief, but that was illegal, and if her license plate or vehicle number was tagged by an officer or one of the other drivers, it was her job at stake.

Another fifteen minutes at her heightened speed, and Dalia was starting to worry that she wouldn’t make it. She kept glancing down at her GPS and despite speeding, she had only shaved a scant few minutes off of her ETA. Worse still, there was a lot of pressure in her abdomen and she was in some serious pain. It had come on quickly and she wanted to think it was just gas, but she was afraid if she tried to let a fart out she’d let out more than she wanted.

She twisted and squirmed uncomfortably, placing a hand on her abdomen and rubbing it through her blouse. The pressure built to a peak and she desperately fought to hold back. She let out a small fart and the pain immediately subsided, but only for a second, and came rushing back.

Still, she had managed to let out some gas without shitting herself. Maybe she could relieve some of the pressure. It was always a gamble, but she often found letting out gas helped her hold on for longer, and right now she needed all the time she could get.

Biting her lip, Dalia tentatively relaxed her muscles and let a long fart rip out. She had to do it slowly out of fear of messing herself, but somehow she managed to avoid that, and much as she suspected, now that the pressure had subsided, she felt much less desperate to poop. With some renewed confidence, she forged onwards, hoping she could make it to the truck stop before the pain and pressure returned. She highly doubted she’d get away with that again. Moreover, while that would help her full bowels, her bladder was also still steadily filling, and there wasn’t a way for her to relieve that pressure like she could with the gas.

Thirty minutes later, and Dalia was seriously beginning to doubt her ability to hold it. She still had another hour to go, and her body was not letting up on her for a second. Her stomach cramps were coming more frequently and the pain was causing her eyes to water. She also had to pee pretty badly by this point as well, and with her mouth and throat dry from all the panting and heavy breathing she was doing, she was forced to make it worse by cracking open a bottle of water and taking a sip.

Upon doing so, her bladder spasmed and her whole body tensed up. She couldn’t exactly cross her legs with her foot on the gas pedal, so she squeezed her thighs together as she wiggled in her seat. The pressure in her backside also mounted and she winced as she let out another fart, involuntarily this time. Thankfully it was still just gas, but she had to squeeze tightly afterwards to prevent anything more from coming out. She was fighting a losing battle here.

Oh my god, I can’t hold it! I’m not going to make it!

Realizing this, Dalia began searching for exits along her route. She glanced along the side of the road, and frowned when she saw that the next exit was in 19 miles. Considering how desperate she was already, that wasn’t ideal, but that would only be about 15 minutes versus an hour. Of course, she might have to spend even more time searching for a suitable place to park her big rig, but it was her only choice. The truck stop was just too far, and pulling over to the side of the road still wasn’t an option.

It’s just 15 more minutes! I can make it 15 more minutes!

Dalia managed to hold on to hope for 5 more minutes, driving down the road as she wriggled uncomfortably in her seat, but then she caught sight of something before her that filled her with dread. Up ahead, there was a lot of congestion, and all the way down the road she could see bumper-to-bumper traffic. She began slowing down, her body protesting at the knowledge she was prolonging her suffering. Her stomach gurgled and twisted in painful knots as she grabbed at it. Her full bladder wasn’t helping either, bulging out against her jeans and begging for release.

The tight waistband of her jeans did her no favors, and Dalia reached down to unbutton and unzip them, exposing the top of her grey cotton panties. But more importantly, there was much less pressure on her aching bladder. The tactic did little to help her stomach, but at least it gave her a little more room.

Still, Dalia was in a bad situation, and it was only getting worse. Her truck was now at a complete standstill. Her exit was still 12 miles down the road, and with traffic like this she had no idea how long it’d take to get there at this point. Things were creeping along slowly, but if the traffic was like this all the way to the exit, it would probably take her an hour just to get there. She didn’t have an hour to wait before, so she definitely didn’t have one now.

No… this can’t be happening… I can’t believe this! I’ve gotta go so bad!

Dalia twisted and contorted her body as she fought against her desperate urges. Her bowels were rumbling angrily, the pressure mounting. She couldn’t relax for a second. Even if she tried to let only gas out, she’d likely find herself the victim of an explosive disaster. Moreover, while she had relieved some of the pressure on her bladder, it had filled to the brim, and she had a hand jammed against her crotch trying to hold back the flood.

There was nowhere for her to go. She’d just have to hold it, somehow, until the traffic cleared and she could make it to the exit. Honestly she didn’t even care about making it to a bathroom anymore. As long as she could find somewhere suitable to pull her truck over and relieve herself in the woods, that would be enough.

Hurry… hurry… move… move move move! I can’t take this much longer…

With tears in her eyes, Dalia continued to inch forwards in her truck. Any minute she wasn’t spending squeezing her eyes shut from the sheer effort of trying to fight her body’s natural urges for relief, she was glaring at the cars in front of her, as if she were trying to will them into moving. She searched for any ray of hope, any sign that the traffic would lighten up and she’d get to make it to the exit. She bit her lip, she rubbed her thighs together, she clenched her ass tightly as she fought against the pain and pressure of both having to pee and needing to poop.

Shit shit shit… I can’t hold it… I gotta hold it…! I should’ve taken the last exit!

Stop. Inch forwards. Brake. Squirm. Clench herself.

Dalia could barely focus on anything but her overwhelming desperation. She had to go. She needed to go. She could feel the contents of her bowels pressing outwards, trying to leak out. She let a small spurt of pee out into her panties and cursed as she clamped down. A wet fart escaped and she panicked, clenching her ass tightly, hoping she wouldn’t feel any warmth or wetness down there.

Luckily she didn’t, she had only leaked and passed gas, but she was quickly losing the fight. Her stomach ached, her bladder was full to bursting, and she was gripping the steering wheel so tightly her hand was numb. She had to go.

Please move… please! I don’t want to shit myself!

Her legs bounced frantically as she once again twisted and squirmed in her seat. The minutes were passing by so slowly they felt like hours. She tried to find any form of comfort or relief in shifting positions, but nothing worked. She was so full and ready to burst she couldn’t take it, and no amount of squirming or wriggling around would help. Her desperate, hazy mind started considering ridiculous options. Perhaps she could park the truck right here, in the middle of the freeway, run into the woods, and squat, finally giving her body the relief it desperately needed. Maybe she could try to merge over and pull off to the side? There wasn’t a lot of room, so that might be risky, but with traffic moving this slow, it might be easier to merge back in.

In the end, though, they were all crazy ideas, and she knew none of them would work. She doubted anyone would let a huge truck like hers merge over anyway, And parking the truck in the middle of the street was plain illegal, and would piss a lot of people off either way. She really did have no choice but to try desperately to hold on until the traffic lightened up.

Another ten minutes passed, and Dalia was in agony. The pain and pressure in her abdomen was making it hard for her to think, let alone concentrate on the slowly crawling traffic. It was taking all her effort not to simply soil herself right then and there. She was shaking in her seat, beads of sweat were rolling down her forehead, and she was biting her lip so hard she was afraid it would start bleeding.

I can’t… I can’t… this is impossible… I can’t hold it anymore!

As if to herald that realization, another spurt of urine escaped, soaking through her panties and leaving a coin-sized wet spot on her jeans. She clamped down hard and squeezed her eyes shut, but then the pressure in her backside mounted and she let out another wet fart. This time she was not so fortunate, and she felt a little bit of runny poop slip out. It wasn’t enough to soak through her panties, but it was enough to tell her that she was fighting a losing battle.

I can’t… I can’t… it’s coming out!

Just up ahead, it looked like the traffic was starting to move, and at any other time Dalia would’ve been relieved. But it was too little, too late now. She knew even if she tried to hold it, she likely wouldn’t even make it to the exit, let alone find somewhere to relieve herself properly. With tears in her eyes, she desperately looked around the truck’s cabin. She didn’t want to soil herself, but if it was inevitable anyway, the least she could do was avoid making a mess of the seat beneath her.

I need something... anything to put down so I don’t get the seat dirty!

As she frantically searched, she leaked again, letting another spurt of pee out. She felt it soak into her panties and into her jeans, pooling slightly as it hit the seat. She clenched and clamped down, desperate not to let anything else out.

She then remembered she had trash bags in the back. She reached behind the passenger’s seat and pulled a roll of white garbage bags out. She quickly opened one up and laid it out beneath her, the plastic crinkling under her weight. If she was going to shit herself anyway, the least she could do was protect the seat.

She continued to struggle, desperately holding on. Even with the plastic bag beneath her, soiling herself completely wasn’t something she wanted to do. Her intestines knotted and did flips in her abdomen as she desperately fought the urge to let it out. Sweat continued to bead on her forehead as her face turned pale. She was in so much pain it was unbearable, but the thought of having to sit in her own mess was worse. Moreover, now that traffic was moving, maybe she could actually make it to the exit after all.

Dalia let out a short sigh of relief as she brought her truck back up to speed. While she was still absolutely bursting at the seams, her leaks from earlier seemed to relieve some of the pressure. She hadn’t made it out completely dry, but as long as she kept her mess to a wet spot and a small brown stain on her panties, she would be content. She just had to make it a few more minutes until she got to the exit.

Gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta go! Please, let me make it!

With a second wind and renewed hope that maybe she could reach the exit before completely soiling herself, Dalia desperately wriggled and squirmed in her seat. She was hunched over the steering wheel awkwardly, contorted into an odd position that let her squeeze her thighs and clench her ass without taking her foot off the gas pedal. It was awkward and she was panting with the effort to hold it all in, but she only had a few more miles to go.

However, once Dalia got to the exit, her heart sank. It was blocked off by bright orange cones and barricades. The exit was closed.

No… no… no no no no! I can’t hold it! I needed to go! I need to get off the interstate!

That was it and Dalia knew it. She wouldn’t make it to the next exit. She wouldn’t even make it another minute at this rate. She desperately held on, but her fate had been sealed the second she saw the closed off exit.

Her body seemed to know this as well, as shortly after, she lost control. Pressure mounted and she clenched her ass tightly, but the next minute she felt all the warm, messy poop she’d been holding in this whole time practically explode out of her. Gas and runny stool stank up the cabin and filled her panties before spilling out down her legs, making a mess of her jeans. Were it not for the plastic bag underneath her, she would’ve made a mess of the seat below as well.

Before she could even relax, her bladder followed suit. She let out a few desperate spurts as she tried to hold back, but in the next moment the dams burst as well, flooding her panties and soaking into her jeans. She continued to pee, a puddle quickly forming on the trash bag beneath her, then spilling out over the edge of the seat onto the floor below. She was left sitting in a warm puddle of her own bodily fluids, hot pee and messy shit squishing underneath her.

Still, the absolute relief she finally felt filled her with bliss, and for a few moments Dalia basked in the utter relief she felt. It didn’t last long, however, and soon she was grossed out by her own mess. The pee had been one thing. In fact, Dalia would be lying if she said she hadn’t somewhat enjoyed the feeling of the warm liquid flooding her panties and jeans. It was also something she could wipe up pretty easily. She could see herself potentially planning around and getting used to wetting herself if she got caught in traffic with a full bladder again. It would beat trying to hold it with no idea when the traffic would lighten up again.

But the mess was something else. She hated the feeling of it squishing beneath her, and she dreaded to think how she was going to begin to clean that up. It also stunk up the cabin to high heaven, and she felt incredibly gross sitting there. She also had no idea how she was going to clean herself up without being noticed, and the idea of other people finding out she had shit herself was petrifying.

Still, she had plenty of time to figure out this mess. The next truck stop was still 40 minutes away, and while she didn’t really like the idea of sitting in her mess that long, there was nowhere else she was going to be able to clean herself up, clean the cabin up, and put this awful day behind her.

The End

