The Bet

Author: RogueLeader52

*000*2018-10-01 04:17

This is my first story I've ever written for really anything. Feedback would be appreciated.

====

“You ready?” Karen looked down to me with a smile, “last chance to chicken out…”

I was laying on the sofa in her living room, staring at the white, popcorn ceiling of the apartment. Her loveseat sagged underneath me, ancient and creaking under my weight, causing the cushions to wrap around my body and hold it in place. I could almost make out the coffee stain on the edge of the cushion from last week’s football game; I got too excited and knocked over the mug.

/How did I let myself get wrapped up into this?/ I thought to myself, /I mean, yeah hypnotism is stupid but… whatever, this bet is gonna be easy./

Karen and I had known each other for years, ever since elementary school. We even went to the same college, which admittedly did help with the transition: it was hard to feel lonely when you had a little bit of home right down the hall from you. Even after college, we were inseparable, finding ourselves rooming with each other in Seattle while we looked for jobs to start our adult lives. And the entire time we’ve known each other, we’ve always competed. Usually small bets about tests in school, or which one of us was faster, or more acrobatic, or whatever. She usually won. Although, it wasn’t hard to see why: she had never really struggled in school, her lithe body let her bend and stretch in the worst way, and she was deceptively strong. This bet, however, was going to be mine.

A few days ago, she had been reading some book on hypnotism when I got home from my temp job at ACME Accounting. Knowing that it wasn’t real, I started to make fun of her for being so gullible and she reacted exactly as I thought she would; she asked if I wanted to bet on it. If she could hypnotize me, she would get $50, but if it didn’t work, she paid me.

“Easiest $50 I ever made…” I smiled, closing my eyes.

“Alright… let’s get started!”

I didn’t really pay attention as she started, although I did breathe as she ordered. It was relaxing, and even temp jobs are stressful. Instead, I thought of which video game I was going to buy with my new cash.

“...and awake.” Karen giggled as she ended her attempt, prompting me to open my eyes, “did it work?”

“...no,” I blinked my eyes, adjusting to the light after having them closed for so long. I sat up carefully, the cushions rustling underneath me as I pushed myself up and rolled my neck, “Did you even try anything?”

“Of course I did! And I think it worked just fine.”

The smirk on her face unnerved me; what did she try to do? And why was she so happy about failing?

“Just give me my money,” I held my hand out to her, “you lost this one… finally.”

“But I didn’t… did I?” she raised her eyebrow, glancing down to my crotch.

Following her gaze, my face blanched. Somehow, while I was daydreaming, she had managed to both take off my jeans and get me into a diaper; and not just any diaper, this one was huge and covered in little pink hearts.

“...no way… I was just daydreaming! That wasn’t-” I started, reaching down to take the infantile thing off. Only, once my fingers touched the edge of the diaper, I felt a sudden pressure and release, followed by warmth spreading across my crotch. Despite myself, I moaned a little bit and sagged against the back of the sofa.

“So it did take! I was hoping it would! You owe me $50… baby,” Karen giggled again, knowing exactly what I had just done, “and I wouldn’t try that again, if you’re bladder is empty well… there’s only one other thing to go…”

I glared up to her from the couch, “really? You made me wear a diapey, and then go pee-pee?”

My hands went straight up to my mouth, trying to hide the words I had just said, only for Karen to burst into full on laughter.

“Oh yeah, and I made it so you can’t say anything a kid wouldn’t about their… incontinence,” she sniggered, “by the way, /that/ was the easiest $50 I ever made. Now, do you need a change, baby boy?”

“Stop calling me that!” I growled, pushing myself off the couch to stand uneasily. The diaper pushed a little at my legs, throwing off my balance just enough to make me waver, “I’m not a baby… you just messed with my head!”

“Oh, is that a tantrum? Maybe I should leave you in the diaper for a bit and see if that fixes your mood.”

That quieted me quick, the warmth was already giving way to a wet, cold feeling and I did not like it. Refusing to give her the satisfaction of speech, I simply shook my head, looking away from her as I did so. Seemingly satisfied with my reaction, she chuckled and sat on the ground, patting the floor in front of her, “lay down then…”

Doing as she said, I found myself daydreaming again. This time I was hoping that Mom- I mean, Karen would spend the money she won on more diapers. I hoped this was only temporary but, just in case it wasn’t, I was going to need them.

“And… awake!” Mom-Karen smiled down to my from between my legs, she hypnotized me again? How? I didn’t even hear her start to count down, what did she do this time? I rolled onto my belly and pushed myself onto my knees, starting to stand up. I managed to get both hands off the ground before falling forward again. I glared at my legs, knowing that I was supposed to use them to walk around, but not quite sure how to balance myself…

“That’s what you did?!” I looked back to her, “you’re turning me into a baby!”

“What did I do, baby? You said you can’t be hypnotized… didn’t you?” she smirked, standing on her own as if to show off, “well… I already took the $50 from your wallet, so we’re even. I might turn you back later… maybe not, who knows?”

She shook her head, “but that talk is for later, now it’s dinner time!”

My stomach growled in agreement while I simply growled. I didn’t like this, I was thinking of… Karen more and more as my mommy and less as my childhood friend, and she was saying she might not even change me back? I crawled into the kitchen, hoping beyond hope the hypnotism would eventually wear off.

Dinner was rather uneventful, as was the rest of the night; Mommy-Karen had made spaghetti and, while it took some time to crawl into the chair, I was still able to feed myself. However, I didn’t enjoy trying to get out of the chair either; the only way I could think of was sliding off the side and I fell right on my diaper, much to the entertainment of my… roommate. After dinner, we watched TV for a bit and then I wandered to bed.

Almost as soon as I fell onto the pillow, I drifted off to dreamland. In them, I found myself wearing pretty bows and frilly dresses that showed off my diaper. Mommy was taking me shopping and pushed me around the store in a stroller while I sucked on my paci, completely content with my new life. The dream ended when we reached the checkout counter, and I awoke knowing that my mommy loved me and I was the luckiest baby girl in the world.

