Timely Tuesday

Author: Redboi

*000*2021-06-22 19:56

Happy Tuesday everyone! Let me just quickly recap what happened on Monday. Elena had just come off wetting her bed to once again wet herself during a board meeting. This was also the case for her friend Susie, and both of them ended up losing their occupations because of this. Now we hit Tuesday.

Tuesday:

Cold, wet, and uncomfortable. This was what it was like in the river that Elena had just jumped into. Susie was there too, but a distant off from her. Why was Elena here. Well, she really didn’t know.

Unemployment had driven her to new ambitions and she decided to take up swimming lessons from her friend Susie. Susie told her that a new hobby for the time being would help her cope with her job loss, and she was right. The swimming was nice and relaxing.

Elena felt her bladder twitch. Susie approached her, “how’s my favorite girl going?”

Elena smiled at her, “good, I just need to get out and go pee.”

Susie shook her head, “meh, we are in the water, it’s fine. You can just go.”

Elena had forgotten about that, they were in a river after all. She let go with a sigh. Immediately warmth started spreading around her back. She waited for it to start spreading around her whole body, but it never came. Then, the familiar ringing sound was back.

Elena opened her eyes, not again. She didn’t wake up mid wetting this time, but woke up immediately after she just finished. At least her bed was already wet from her previous wetting. She never had the time yesterday to wash the sheets, so honestly it wasn’t that big of a deal.

Elena pulled down her bed sheets and felt a twinge in her bladder. Apparently she hadn’t fully emptied herself. She decided there was no point. She decided to push the last bit out. This time she could see the pee flow out of her pajama bottoms and onto the already soaked bed. Elena went to go hop into the shower.

Once out, her phone buzzed. It was Susie.

Susie: hey, ya wanna meet up at the park?

Elena really had nothing else to do, she was unemployed.

Elena: Sure, let’s do it

Susie: You’re going to have a good time

…

”Well you certainly look nice today.” Susie always found a way to wear something in public that really expressed the curves of her body. Her floral skirt swung around in the wind with grace. She smirked, “how do you like my new skirt?”

“I love it. I’m sure every other man here does too.” Susie winked and flaunted her butt a bit towards her.

”So, I thought we could go hiking today. Celebrate the release from our job.”

“Sure, I just need to-“

Susie took her hand, “then let’s go!”

…

Elena’s bladder was now in serious pain. She was going to ask Susie if they could hit the bathroom quick and then go, but then she quickly cut her off. Now, they might just be lost.

She turned to Susie, who was shaking back and forth herself. “Hey Susie, are we lost?”

Susie looked back at her and laughed, “yeah, you could say that.” She shivered, “I also really need to pee too.”

Elena blushed a bit, “yeah, me too.”

Susie went over to her friend, “hey, if worst comes to worst, it’s another two pairs of wet panties. It can’t be worse than yesterday.”

Elena nodded her head in agreement as the two strolled on the path.

…

Elena couldn’t take it anymore. She couldn’t hold it much longer. It was getting bad. She had to let Susie know. “Hey Suz, I can’t make it any longer.”

Susie looked back at her, “ok, follow me.” She led her off the path to a pretty desert bush. As soon as Elena was about to remove her panties, Susie started tickling her. It was at that moment Elena was at her limit. It didn’t matter whether or not her panties were on, she needed release.

The familiar sound of gushing erupted from her lower body as pee poured out into her panties and her leggings and into the grass below her. Among her gushing pee sound she heard a similar sound next to her. Susie was also wetting herself, right next to her. Oddly, Elena thought she would be mad or disturbed at her friend, but she wasn’t.

Once she finished she sighed and decided to speak first to Susie, “I don’t have anything to wipe or dry.”

Susie smiled at her, “that’s what the sun is for. Come on, the way out is this way.”

Elena had this thought on the way back: was this all planned?

