Their Inner Animals (Fruits Basket Fic)

Author: R3SOAK

*000*2024-01-16 01:17

Hello! This is my first time writing as I'm usually a lurker, but I've been trying to come out of my shell recently so I'm endeavoring to start a short 5 chapter series on Fruits Basket. I just started watching the anime the other day and my mind thought of some fun ideas that I thought could be explored. As this is my first time writing in forever all criticism is greatly appreciated and welcomed including story beats (though the story's definitely not my main focus for this lol) and grammar/wording.

I do ask that no spoilers are posted for anything past season 1 since that's all I've managed to finish so far but otherwise all discussion is welcomed. This first one is admittedly going to be more tame kink wise as honestly the following chapters feature a lot of the scenes I'm more excited for, but as I've yet to write those there are chances that some of the tags won't be included or more will be added. So far all I have are the characters and some scenes planned for each of the 5 chapters so if anyone is interested I can post those but otherwise the chapters will come out as I write. Anyways enough rambling please enjoy and expect part 2 in the upcoming week or so!

Their Inner Animals

Tohru POV

I started what should’ve been yet another normal day, (or as normal as you can get considering the circumstances), under the care of the Sohma clan. I did my morning routine, showering, using the bathroom, and getting dressed, and then proceeded to the kitchen to prepare food for everyone. I prepared a modest breakfast consisting of 4 bowls of rice with a fried egg on top of each. Normally, we would all eat together before heading off to school (except Shigure of course) but today was slightly different. Yuki was required to make an early meeting as the newly founded student council president and I had decided to keep him company on the way there, meaning we were awake before the other two. Speaking of which, as the egg was finishing frying I heard some rustling and movement from within the house.

After a short while, I was greeted by a freshly woken Yuki. “Good morning Yuki!” I softly exclaimed. “Ah, good morning Tohru, I see you're up bright and early this morning.” “Yup! Breakfast will be ready in just a minute.” I returned my focus to the food and quickly plated it and put it out for us to eat. We shared some small talk asking about each other's plans and struggles in school. I noticed that Yuki was slightly more fidgety than normal but thought nothing of it and after eating our modest breakfast, Yuki put on his student uniform and we headed off to school.

The walk to school was mainly uneventful walking with Yuki down the peaceful streets, however I did notice something slightly peculiar, Yuki seemed to be getting more and more fidgety as we walked. I chalked it up to his nerves about talking to others and brushed it off as nothing to be too concerned about. But as time went on, his fidgeting was continuing to increase and was starting to concern me. Thinking he might need some reassurance I attempted to give him a small pep talk to boost his spirit and hopefully calm his nerves, “Don’t worry Yuki, I’m sure you got this, there’s no need to be so nervous, everyone loves you!” I beamed. Despite this however, he continued to fidget as he awkwardly smiled and silently continued walking. That seemed to not be it, I wonder what it could be?

As I thought this, I saw the school on the horizon. I looked over to Yuki to let him know and was surprised to see his face red and some beads of sweat rolling down his face... “Oh my, are you okay, you don’t look so well. Did you catch another cold?” “Um n-no I’m fine, let's just make it to school.” However, after a few more steps he suddenly stopped. 

“Are you okay? You have been acting weird Yuki, is there something I can do to help or is it me? Did I mess up the food this morning? I'm so sorry.“ I continued apologizing until Yuki cut me off.” Hey T-Tohru, I don’t think I can make it.” “What do you mean you can’t make it?” “I uh, have to relieve myself…” “Oh um that makes sense, so let’s just use a public toilet- oh.” I scouted the area for a store or house we could go into, but being so early in the morning everything was yet to open and most houses showed no signs of life yet. 

“Umm. if it’s really so bad, you can go into a bush or something… I promise I won’t look!” I stutter out but Yuki continues to be quiet, holding himself, pushing his hand harshly into his crotch. “O-or if that d-doesn’t work we c-” Pshhhhhh. I was cut off however by a loud hissing sound. I looked back at Yuki to see his pants change from their navy blue to a blackish color as multiple lines streamed down the material of his pants, quickly spreading and covering his lap as pee started to leak through the thin material congregating into a puddle around his feet. For a solid minute, he stood there still as a rock as pee continued to stream freely from him creating a small lake around his legs and tears shortly followed adding to the collection as his face deeply blushed.

After it seemed the stream had stopped I went in to comfort him, “Oh Yuki I’m so sorry, it happens sometimes it’s nothing to be ashamed of. However, my attempt to comfort them led to only more problems arising as soon as I embraced him to comfort him a puff of smoke appeared from where he just was leaving a small rat in its place, as well as dropping all of his clothes into the puddle that had formed drenching them too. “Oh, I’m so sorry Yuki I just can’t seem to help please forgive me!”

“It's fine sniff. I should have been able to hold it like every other high schooler. But now all of my clothes are wet and I’m a rat *sniff*” I picked him up and patted his small head as I gathered the pee-stained clothes and started to head back, “It’s fine, accidents happen sometimes. Let’s get you taken care of and we can worry about the student council stuff later.” Luckily, Kyo and Shigure were both still fast asleep so we were able to sneak in to get him cleaned up and clothes in the wash. After cleaning up we headed back to school with all the other students.

After arriving at school Yuki went to the student council to make up an excuse for not showing and I went to search for my two friends before class was in session, yet, instead, I ran into a different friend. “Oh Tohru, wie geht es dir! (how are you).” Before me was the small German boy from the Sohma clan who had the rabbit spirit."Oh Momiji, good to see you!” I exclaimed, “And I see you are still wearing the girl’s uniform, Momiji.”

“Oh ja, like I said previously it helps protect me from drawing too much attention from girls and is so much cuter than the boy's uniform. And offers other benefits.” “What did you say at the end?” “Oh nothing Tohru, but you vwill have to join me for a moment. I was just going to meet up with Hatsu but I’m still having a hard time finding my way around the school. Can you show me where the music room is?” “Of course! but are you sure he’s over there, there’s usually no one over there around now since those classes don’t meet till later in the afternoon?” “Ja, that's what Hatsu said, now lead the way!” “Well alright then.”

I began leading Momiji to the music room which happened to be on the other end of the school, leaving it more or less barren this early as it was the complete opposite end of the school from the entrance. Well, maybe they wanted to talk about their family, or something else private, still, it seems pretty weird for Hatsu since he’s pretty lax and doesn’t seem like the type to want to speak in private, and neither does Momiji but I guess I still have much to learn about them. As I thought of this I saw the music room up ahead but no sign of Hatsu, or anyone else for that matter. “Hey Momiji I don’t think-” but as I was turning around to speak to him I heard the sounds of water crashing violently against the floor. Wait, not water.

“Momiji… are you doing what I think you're doing?” For the second time today, I was watching one of the Sohma boys wet themselves in front of me. I looked up at his face to see a small grin peeking onto his cheeks as he peed onto the school floor but he quickly hid it, “Oh no Tohru, my bladder just gave out I’m soooo embarrassed.” He stated in an innocent voice. I sat there gobsmacked as he talked while his torrential downpour continued onto the floor unabated. For the second time today, I witnessed one of the Sohma boys having an accident in front of me, I almost felt bad until something struck me. Earlier when Yuki had his accident I heard a hissing sound from the urine hitting his clothes but currently, all I heard was the sound of it hitting the floor.

“Are you not wearing anything under your skirt!” I exclaimed.``Vwell you caught me, normally I vwouldn’t do this but circumstances left this my only option unless rumors were to circulate about a girl sneaking into the boy's bathroom.” After a few more seconds the stream tapered off leaving the 2nd puddle of the day and Momiki walked towards me leaving a few drips wherever he walked. “Vwell now that the secrets are out did you enjoy the show? You must have since you watched the entire time,” he said laughing. 

I deeply blushed and turned around, “Sorry sorry sorry I didn’t mean to stare but, I wasn’t expecting you to do that!”. “Haha it’s fine, now let’s get back to class,” and he started walking back to his class. “Hold up there mister!” I said, grabbing him by the back of his shirt, “You best clean this up so the poor janitor doesn’t have to deal with your mess.” “Ah yes mam,” he said dejectedly. Despite the initial shock, I guess having some weird bathroom habits was less surprising than meeting the representation of the Zodiacs who can turn into animals. Or at least, that was the thought that kept my sanity as I made my way through my day.

Fast forward to the end of the day, I see Yuki and Momiji waiting by the gate for me, their faces portraying a dichotomy between their feelings leaving me a bit nervous, but I’m not left in the dark for long as I approach them. “Guten Abend Tohru! I was just telling Yuki here I’ll be spending the night over. It’ll be like a sleepover!” I’m guessing this is the source of Yuki’s sour expression. Poor Yuki can’t catch a break today. “Ah alrighty then, are you going to be walking with us Momiji?” “Nein, first I have to grab some items from home, but I’ll see you guys soon! Tschuss!” he said, running over to a limo parked outside the school gates. As I watch him drive away, I feel as if my life is going to get even weirder over the following days if I stick around these guys.

