The VERY Wet Wedding (a waiting in line female desperation story)

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-05-26 20:16

It was Lily's wedding. She had waited her whole life to find the man of her dreams. She worked hard to lose weight after high school, got a great job, saved every penny, and she made her man to be. It was her wedding day, and the tall blonde with her hair tied up and in her big wedding dress over her in-shape body. She had three maids of honor, each in a unique dress. There way Keena, a brunette with her hair tied into a bun, and her black dress hung just above her sexy leg's knees. There was Jennie, who wore a pink dress that tightened over her big breasts. Then, there was Crystal. Lily's older sister who had a short dress that if she bent over her panties would have shown. She had blonde hair that hung out in little curls and was very tan. All these lovely friends had something in common on this wedding day: they each had a LOT to drink in the limo on the way over to the after reception.

They all had their legs crossed until they got out of the limo. Lily had rushed around all morning. She felt like she had to go the most. It was not quite desperate yet for her, but it was getting there. Sadly, she and her groom had to go around and talk to everyone. Keena sat on a chair with her legs crossed. She felt the hot pressure building inside of her. The leg that hung over on top dangled and made her high heel shake to the edge of her toe. She noticed Crystal walking around worried.

"What's going on?" Keena asked her after she got up.

Crystal said, "I gotta pee my brains out." She bounced.

Keena nodded. "I'm pretty bad too. We had too much champagne in the car. Where's the bathroom?" They noticed Jennie walking with some guy. They ran up to them.

"Hey guys," Jennie said, a bit discomfort under her voice. "I just had to use the restroom really fast." She held her hands against her expanding stomach.

"Us too," Crystal said. "Where is it?"

"That guy told me this way." All three walked over. Lily's cousin Minnie was outside the bathroom door with her arms crossed on her chest. Her dark hair waved down, a dark maroon dress above the knees just about, and she tapped her foot. "Are you kidding me?"

"Nope," Minnie said, annoyed. "Crystal, your mom is in there. It's a bathroom and she locked up the whole thing. She's crying because her two girls are growing up.

Crystal was angry. She was a muscular girl. She lifted weights every day. She could feel her abs wrestling with the expansion of her bladder. She went up to the door and banged hard. "Mom! There's like four of us out here and we all have to pee like hell!"

Her mother sobbed. "I . . . just need a moment dear. Pl-please." All the girls were annoyed. Minnie continued to tap her foot hard as the other three formed a line. Crystal was at the end, Keena in front of her, and Jennie was right behind Minnie. Line: Minnie, Jennie, Keena, and Crystal.

###

Ten minutes went by. The four girls held onto their bodies with their arms. They waved back and forth. Crystal, being more boyish, tightened her hands against her stomach and crotch. She bit her lip and hopped a little. Minnie heard her aunt's sobs. All the girls were annoyed, but more worried at this point.

Jennie bounced in place. "I swear my pantie are in danger of becoming a pool if I don't get in the bathroom soon."

Crystal said, "Daa, I,mmmm, me too." She struggled with her discomfort. "Mom! H-hurry up." Her legs crossed. She was at the end of the line and if she thought about that she still had to wait for the other girls to go in, undo their dresses, pee, put dresses back, up, wash hands, if the mother left the bathroom now, she was still probably 20 minutes away from getting to the toilet. "EEEEEE."

Keena rolled her eyes over and over. She gripped her hands behind her tight, black dress and lifted a leg up against the wall. She pushed it against the other to hold on. "I gotta peeeee."

Five more minutes went by. "I'll be out soon, just give me some more time." This didn't annoy the girls. It horrified them! Each of them were squirming in place. Minnie tapped her foot harder and faster. Her legs tight together. The mother turned on the faucet in the bathroom. All the girls heard the running water leaking and swirling down the drain. It reminded each of them how bad they had to pee. They all started to worry, "Oh my god, all our friends are here. These dresses were rented and are a fortune. If we pee ourselves, our lives are over. "

"Oh no!" someone screamed from behind. It was Lily. The bride, the girl with full bladder and special day was today. She could NOT pee herself. It would ruin her. She started to bounce in that white dress.

"M-M-mom is in there," Crystal said. Her hands were between her legs. Those tan legs shuffled over each other.

Lily held her white dress as she knocked on the door. "Mom! My friends and I really REALLY have to pee!"

"Just give me a little more time! This is a bad day for me."

All the girls felt annoyed and bounced. Lily stood there squirming. Minnie looked at her, "Lily, you're not cutting me."

Lily looked horrified. "B-but, it's my day. And my bladder is spilling over like a waterfall!"

Minnie's arms were at her side tight. She made fists. Legs crossed. "I-I-I don't care. I gggotta pee like crazy!"

"There's no way I can wait longer either Lily," Crystal said. "I'm about to burst like a water balloon against a brick wall. I can feel my bladder crack." Her tan, muscular legs shuffled faster. Lily bounced faster. The mother finally exited the bathroom. Minnie started to run in, but Lily grabbed her and pushed her to the side. She ran in and slammed the door behind her. Jennie ran up to the door and Minnie got up. They both started to knock and mess with the handle. Crystal moaned, "Noooooooooo!"

###

Ten more minutes went by. The girls were squirming faster and antsier than ever. Jennie and Keena had their arms crossed, legs crossed, and nearly cried as they bounced. Crystal bit hard onto her bottom lip and eyes watered due to the overflowing feeling and anxiety of possible embarrassment if she did not get in there and wet herself. Minnie held onto her head as she went up and down. Tears fell from her eyes as she knew she could not wait any longer. Her bladder pushed against her organs, and she felt the liquid pouring over and coming out to her panties. She froze as she felt dampness in her panties. "O-oh no." She could not pee herself here.

Minnie ran. She had to find another bathroom. She stopped and asked a bartender. The response, "Nope. That's the only bathroom." Minnie's heart stopped for a second. Pee started to flood her red panties. She grabbed herself and tried to stop but could not. She lost control over her bladder. It poured and poured and her feet and heels were stained and soaked. Her family and friend were about to look....BUT THEN, Crystal realized she was not going to make it. Plus, she had more muscle than any person at this wedding. If anybody laughed she'd kick their butts. She ran to her friend and stood in front of her and let it loose. She felt relief as her bladder gave out. Her belly deflated as pee soaked her all over and people looked. They did not look in time to see Minnie's accident. So Crystal basically made it look like it was all her. At least she helped her cousin.

"Minnie, there's a spare dress in the trunk of my car," Crystal whispered to her. "Go change." Minnie gave her cousin a kiss on the cheek. She owed her everything. "What?" Crystal said. No one laughed. One guy started to, and he pointed. Then Crystal walked up to him and punched his lights out. "Very funny, anyone else want to laugh?" No one spoke. "Anybody into omorashi? How'd you like to dance with a wet girl?" A Chinese man came forward. Her neighbor, Josh-Li. It was a hot dance.

###

Minnie was saved, Lily was going, Crystal just did not care and gave in, but Jennie and Keena both hopped in place. Their knees shuffled under their dresses. They turned red and felt hot. They felt their bladders about to give out. Jennie bit onto her bottom lip as she held onto her crotch. Keena backed against the wall, legs out in front, crossed, foot on top dangled, and she rubbed her sides.

"I can't last much longer," Keena complained.

"I'm going to wet myself in front of everyone we ever knew. I can't believe this." She started to cry. Her bladder filled more and more. Inside her bladder tipped to the side from the weight. Jennie almost lost it but held on.

A waiter walked over with a pitcher and glasses. "Would you ladies like some beverages while you wait?" He started to pour already. The water splashed into the bottom of the glasses and mixed with the sound of Lily washing her hands inside the bathroom. They were so close. They could still make it. They both tightened their legs. They felt their bladders blowing up more and more and more. Their bellies were over their waist's.

Keena cried, "This can't be happening. Oooooo, eeeeh, mmmmm!"

"Errrghhhhh," Jennie mumbled. She moaned from discomfort. She felt like her whole body was filled with pee. "Oh no, oh no, NOOOO!" Her bladder popped. It hurt so bad and her body spasmed. Pee shot out of her. Her dress soaked all over and legs covered and smelled. Keena saw and it was too much to take. She held tight and shifted her body trying to hold on.

"No.....no....NOOOOO!" But Keena lost too. Her bladder shot her legs apart so fast her black dress ripped a bit. Both girls leaked and leaked, urine everywhere. They both cried. Turning red from such humiliation. They had....a wet wedding.

The end.

*007*2017-06-05 18:57

{{On 5/26/2017 at 5:48 PM, The Dark Wolf said:

Awesome story, though a little disappointed Lily didn't pee in her wedding dress

}}

### ALTERNATE ENDING (I was rushed in finishing it, so here's a further expansion from:

......."Minnie was saved, Lily was going, Crystal just did not care and gave in, but Jennie and Keena both hopped in place. Their knees shuffled under their dresses. They turned red and felt hot. They felt their bladders about to give out. Jennie bit onto her bottom lip as she held onto her crotch. Keena backed against the wall, legs out in front, crossed, foot on top dangled, and she rubbed her sides.

"I can't...can't, last much longer," Keena complained.

Jennie said. "I'm going to wet myself in front of everyone we ever knew. I can't believe this." She started to cry. Her bladder filled more and more. Inside her bladder tipped to the side from the weight. Jennie almost lost it but held on.

They both stared out at the crowd. Friends they went to high school with, family they knew as bring friends of their whole lives, cute waiters serving food and drinks, and they were at risk of wetting themselves in front of all of them. The very thought tortured their minds and made them mentally push against the physical growing pressure within their bladders. Their bladders expanded over their waists and showed on their dresses. THEY HAD TO PEE BAD!

Keena asked, "Jennie, ccan I go first?"

Jennie gave her a bad look. "Hellz no! Are you crazy? I'm-OWWWWWWW!" Jennie felt a huge wave of pressure shoot into her waist. It stung like Lucille on a skull. "I-I'm-I'm, gonna burst. I feel like Hilary when she walked in on Monica and Bill."

"The hell does that mean?" Keena asked.

"I don't know. She probably felt a sting in her girl parts then too." Jennie hopped with her hands deeper into her crotch. She sweat from her head, and Keena's lips wobbled from trying to get her focus back to holding it. Keena's arms crossed on her chest, legs crossed tight up to her private parts, and she bent over a little.

"MMMMMMMMM!" Keena mumbled in deep agony. She started to cry, thinking of the humiliation.

A waiter walked over. "Would you ladies like a drink?" He started to pour water into two glasses. The water splashing on the bottom in drop and sounds tortured Keena and Jennie to the point of almost bursting. They heard Lily flushing and turning the sink on to wash her hands. The combination of hearing the pouring from the waiter, the flushing of the toilet, the sink inside going, it added tons and tons of pain into the girls. They both cried.

Keena squealed, "NNNoooo."

Jennie said, "This ccan't be hhhappening. We're good people, why here, why now?!?"

They both squirmed in place digging deep into their crotches with their hands. They shook their heads. They breathed heavy. Their breaths pushed against their big,bloated bladders. Then, the bathroom door opened.

Lily came out, but was in tears. She had her feet juggling up and down and hands on her stomach.

"What happened?" Keena asked.

Lily cried. "I couldn't get my dress undone. I flushed the toilet and used the sink to make the zipper slippery by using their water. But it's stuck. I-." But Lily noticed the waiter pouring the water. Having been so close to going and on high desperation caused the pouring to finish her off. "Girls, help, hurry! Or we're all doomed!"

Jennie and Keena struggled over with their legs squeezed tight, They tugged at Lily's dress's zipper. All three of their desperation's growing and growing. Their legs wobbled as they tightened on the upper part. Keena and Jennie tapped their heels on the ground. Jennie almost got knocked out from the pressure. All of their hips shook side to side.

POP! Someone popped a champagne bottle. Lily's new husband ran over and pulled her away. "Babe, we have to give a speech, come on!" Lily cried as she was pulled from her friends. Jennie and Keena saw the unoccupied bathroom and ran over. They both were caught in the doorway and squrimed trying to get by one another. But then Lily's mom came and pulled them away.

"Time for the big speech girls."

Keena stuttered. "Bbut, Mr.s.....we gotta pee. Okay!? We gotta go now."

"Let us go!" Jennie said, pulling hard. But Lily's mom pushed them next to Lily as all the guests stared. The husband poured the champagne and their was rain outside. It was all too much for the three girl's enlarged bladders. Lily's big day was ruined.

"NOOOO!" Lily screamed. It happened. Her bladder exploded, and pee rushed out and filled her panties, splashed across her dress, and made the white yellow. Seeing it shot loads of desperation pains to Keena and Jennie.

"This can't be!!!" Keena and Jennie screamed together. They lost it as well. They tried to run to the bathroom, but Lily grabbed them by the back of their dresses. She was not going down alone. Keena and Jennie peed gallons out. It rushed down their legs from the bottom of their expensive dresses now ruined. They gasped as each wave pushed and pumped out of their bladders. They all cried, as people laughed, and the horny waiter who poured the water went to the bathroom.

"I-I," Jennie said in tears. "I'm so humiliated."

Keena was still spraying from her pee hole. People pointed and laughed. She turned bright red. "No ho ho ho ohhh." They were all damp, smelly girls.

Lily cried, "It was suppose to be my day!" She fell to her knees.

A wet wedding it was. They thought George RR Martin wrote it considering the badness.

The end.

