University: A Golden Time

Author: Ranpalan

*000*2018-07-20 00:00

This is a story. Every joke contains a bit of joke, and every story contains a bit of story. This is, in a sense, my story: I wrote it. It is, in another sense, also my story. But in another, much more important sense, it is not my story. I hope it is not yours, too. This first bit contains nothing omorashi, by the way, but I'll get there. So, the story:

I arrived at the University of K. on the twenty-eighth of August. Classes started on the second of September, the first being a Sunday. For now, we were all invited to come and see the colleges, see our dorms, see the city. Most importantly, see your fellow students, make some friends, have some fun. Some of us had quite a way to travel (three hours by train for me), and so the reception started at the entirely reasonable time of two o'clock. I came an hour early, and so managed to avoid the growing queues almost entirely; by two o'clock, they had grown to be half an hour long. The registration queues, not the other kind: maybe it's just my dirty mind, but I think I know what you were thinking. I don't mind, I'd checked to see if any other lines were getting longer, but no such luck. There was free food, on the other hand, and I knew what to do with that that.

Jake saw me before I saw him. I was busy getting my third helping and almost dropped my plate when he grabbed me by my shoulders and shouted "Bryan! What're the odds?"

It can seem strange these days, to have a good friend and to not know that he's going to the same university as you. We'd been classmates until we were fourteen, when his parents moved for his father's work and after promising to write every day, we exchanged cards at Christmas on prime-numbered years. This was long before Snapchat, before Twitter and Facebook, in the day that being friends took more than two presses of a button. I wasn't a very good friend, but Jake was the best, and somehow, I knew we could make this work again.

"When'd you get here? Where've you been?" Jake asked, "Is that stuff free? Come, I met some awesome people!"

Precariously balancing my plate and glancing back at the grilled salmon I had been so close to, I let him lead me away. My silent spell was broken, though: we both talked at once, telling of our lives with no constraint or worry for propriety. I told him about my first girlfriend, now ex; he told me about his sweetheart Ruby back home. We used to tennis, and he swore he'd beat me, and I knew he was right---I'd stopped practicing after he left---but told him he had no chance against me anyway. I don't know how we managed to say so much in the short time it took us to cross the room, but by the time we were facing the "awesome people", I felt like we shared something again. We were buddies; he was introducing me as his buddy!

"Bryan, these are Thomas and Melissa, they're also planning to do architecture. They're brother and sister, by the way," he said, "Guys, this is Bryan. We've been friends since kindergarten. Bryan, what are you gonna do?"

We shook hands (Jake somehow had my food now, and was eating it eagerly), exchanged a round of pleasantries, and they stared expectantly at me. Of course, since he'd asked me a question.

"Uh, I'm thinking of philosophy," I said, feeling a little nervous, "But I'm not quite sure yet."

I was sure. I had been reading Kant on my way to the university. What I wasn't sure about what whether Melissa would want to be seen with the kind of person who did philosophy. I was no Camus: I wasn't ugly, but I was a little short, a little chubby, and not a little insecure about both. Melissa was half a head taller, had curly blond hair, and was wearing tight jeans and a crop top. She had a laid-back and artistic look to her, and was about as far out of my league as a person could be. Thomas had her curls, too, but he was broad-shouldered and half a head again taller than her. He wore a short-sleeved shirt and well-ironed pants; I'd seen him earlier, but I had assumed he was part of the staff. Even his beard, only just starting to show, was neatly trimmed.

Despite my awkwardness, the conversation kicked off, and I was soon having fun. I knew these people wouldn't hang out with me if it wasn't for Jake, but apparently they were willing to do it if it meant they had access to him. We talked of our home towns, of plans for life without parents, of rumors about the area. The nature was said to be nice: K. was built on a mountain lake, with snow caps above and pine forests below. There was volcanic activity in the area, and the ground was always warm from it. I had liked K. from the moment I had first seen it from my train window, and that afternoon we made plans about where we'd go and what we'd see, at least if our studies gave us time to leave the library.

The chatter in the hall fell still, and we turned our attention towards the podium. A man had stepped up, elderly and gray. He coughed into the microphone, smiled proudly, and launched into a speech.

It was the sort of speech that started with "Before I begin, let me make a few announcements," and ended with "and now, with these little details out of the way, I wish to conclude by wishing you all that the coming year---in fact, the coming three years---of your life be such as you could only wish for!" I could recite it here in its entirety, since the middle contained nothing that was not on the information sheets we had already received, save for the many uses of phrases such as "and one last thing" and "while I still have your attention." I will spare you: of relevance here, he said three things. Those wishing to room together could make groups of five (mixed gender allowed) for this purpose; after seeing our rooms we would be welcome to attend a dinner at the university; and after dinner, we were invited to participate in an exploration game involving the city and its many bars.

When I was sixteen, I had tried playing Dungeons and Dragons at my school's "nerdy" club. I had quickly given up on the game, but one memory had stuck with me: the other players, finding a secret scroll or interrogating a captured foe, and discovering the destination of the next quest. You could see the excitement and sense of purpose in their eyes, and this same light I saw burning in our group of four: we needed a fifth hallmate.

I saw her. I saw her first. Jake said he'd noticed her earlier, but I don't care. I turned around, looked at the room, and saw the girl I wanted. As a hallmate. As a friend. As whatever she was willing to be to me, as long as I could get to know her.

She was wearing a hoodie and kept her hands in her pockets. Her hair, black with greenish tips, didn't quite reach her shoulders. She was nursing a coke and staring into space. I was staring at her, and Jake looked at me, and I think he knew everything. He must have. He gave me a smirk and a nod, and then walked over to her and said "Hi, I'm Jake! My friends and I are looking for a fifth hallmate, you in?"

She looked at us three, nodded, and stuck her hand out to Jake. "Lisa," she said, as they shook on it.

This is all I can write right now, I'm afraid. I'm sorry I didn't get to the good parts yet, but trust me, they'll be there.

*003*2018-07-21 23:37

Lisa joining us... changed things. I'd never been good when it came to talking to girls. You'd think Melissa would be bad enough for that, but with Melissa, I at least knew she was way, way out of my league. Lisa, though... She was cute and shy and didn't look like the kind of girl who the guys like Jake would be fighting over. She looked quirky and different, and interesting. I wanted to take her to my room and spend a whole night talking about life, the world, everything.

Her favourite books and my favourite shows, or vice-versa, or play video games together. If I got one wish about Melissa, I'd make her drink a bottle of wine and then watch her squirm. Maybe I'd want to fuck her, but I was a virgin then, and I didn't really know whether it would be my thing. If you're not into seeing girls have to "go", just think of it as me wanting to fuck her. Lisa was different. I don't know what I'd wish for if I had a wish. Maybe I'd wish that she would like me. Maybe I'd just sit around awkwardly until my genie got bored and left.

I stood around awkwardly until we submitted our names and got our dorm number. Looking back, I don't think anyone noticed: it didn't take very long, and everyone was having fun talking about their hobbies and home towns. It turned out that both Thomas and Lisa liked drawing, making my stomach turn with envy; I had drawn long ago, but switched to photography in high school instead. It sounds like a triviality now that I write it down, but at that moment, it was the most important decision I had made in my life, and obviously one I had screwed up. By the time we knew where we were staying, I didn't want to be with them.

"Guys, I've seen a store nearby," I said, "How about I go grab us some food for breakfast?"

"My man!" said Jake, "Grab me some eggs, will you?"

"Milk and cereal for us," said Thomas, "Need a hand?"

"No, I'm good," I said. Wait, had he planned to ask Lisa to come, too? How would I have felt about that?

"I'm fine with whatever. Bread, or something," said Lisa. Could I have invited her to come along and choose if I hadn't already said no? Could I still?

"Sure!" I said. I almost added "Well, I'll be going," but even I'm not as awkward as that. "I'll meet you guys at the dorm," I said instead.

I spent the trip to the store wondering about what they thought of me and just how much of a dork Lisa now took me to be. Were they saying they were glad I had left? Or had they forgotten I had even been there? I don't know how the image of Lisa as the best person could fit in my mind alongside the image of her as someone who would despise me for my social awkwardness. I wasn't think about whether my world view was internally consistent, I was thinking about whether my world had just ended.

(As an aside: I realise you might not care about all this. I could just tell you about how Lisa wet herself, and I'm sure you'd enjoy that much more. But when I think back to this time, it's not her wet pants I remember, it's my hopes and my fears. You can reduce her to the object of your fantasies if you want to, but she isn't that for me, and I'm not going to pretend otherwise for your pleasure.)

The others were already at the dorm by the time I got there, looking through the cupboards. We each had a room to ourselves, with a shared kitchen and bathroom for us all. If that wasn't music to my ears, what I heard on coming in definitely was.

"Can you believe it?" asked Melissa, "When I wake up, I have to pee, pronto. I don't care if you're in the shower, I'm peeing somewhere."

"We can have an open door policy, like at our place," Thomas said, "Just tell people not to lock it when showering and to knock before they go in."

"That was family! And we forgot to knock half the time."

"We'll be like family in a month or two, Mel."

"Let's see how it goes," said Jake.

I came in with grocery bags in hand and the topic of morning pees was forgotten. I hadn't forgotten Melissa's comment, though, and my mind was already working to use this information somehow. For now, though, I was playing a more immediate hand: from amongst the breakfast dishes I pulled out five bottles of beer and put them on the table with the proudest smile I could muster.

"Let's toast to new friends," I said, watching their reaction. It was barely past five: Thomas and Melissa seemed to be on the fence, glancing at each other. Lisa was just looking into the distance, as if hoping that the beers would vanish if she pretended they didn't exist. Thomas looked like he was going to suggest something.

"My man!" Jake cut in, pulled out a beer opener, and popped the first one. He passed it to Thomas, who took it and passed it to Melissa. She took it as well, and I let out a breath I hadn't realised I had been holding. That had been close.

"Uhm, I'm not much of a drinker, actually," said Lisa, examining the bottle Jake had just given her.

"Me neither, but it's only a bottle," said Melissa, "And we're going to dinner soon anyway."

"To us!" said Thomas, and we drank.

###

We left our dorm half an hour later, talking and laughing as we walked over to the dinner hall. Everyone had finished their beers, though Lisa had needed some encouragement from Jake and Melissa with hers. It was all in good fun, of course, and we all had a laugh when she chugged a glass of water right after to get rid of the "horrible taste." We forgot the time and left in a hurry, and that was right and good, and, as far as I was concerned, entirely according to plan.

I knew that at lunch, Melissa had drunk at least two glasses of juice, while Lisa had had a coke. Assuming they had gone upon reaching the dorm, adding the beer, and leaving twenty minutes to get to the hall... According to my arithmetic, the girls would have to go soon. I definitely saw Lisa glancing at the bathroom door when we headed out, but we were in a hurry, and I think she decided she could hold it. It's hard to say from something so subtle, but even then I had had plenty of practice watching such cues. I think she had to go.

I knew it for sure by how she glanced around when we entered the hall. She was still talking to Thomas and didn't excuse herself, but I saw her look at the bathroom sign and give a small "that's okay then" smile. If she decided she had to go, she knew she'd make it. And so she came with us to take a seat, secure in that knowledge, keeping the conversation up with Thomas, who sat next to her. Melissa sat on her other side, while I sat across the two girls, Jake next to me.

At this point, Lisa was looking for a lull in the conversation to excuse herself. She nodded absent-mindedly when Melissa (bless her!) asked what wine we wanted, and I thought I could see her shift in her seat just the slightest bit. Her leg bumped into mine under the table.

"Sorry," she said, and turned back to Thomas, "Hang on, I'm just—"

"Welcome to the University of K.!" boomed through the hall. The speaker was the man they had seen that afternoon, apparently now intent on giving a less practical speech. He fell silent for a moment as the volume of his microphone was toned down.

"Damn, I hope he hurries up," Melissa whispered in the pause.

"Yeah, I'm starving," Jake said.

"That too, but I was about to go find the loo," Melissa said, "Beer goes right through me."

"Oh, I know," said Lisa.

"Think we can—"

"We at K. find it incredibly important that bright young minds like yours have all the opportunity in the world..." the lector continued, and both girls fell silent.

I don't remember what the talk was about. I remember Lisa nervously playing with her wine, occasionally taking sips, occasionally setting it down. I remember Melissa mouthing "I have to pee!" at the rest of us, and Lisa giggling quietly at that and mouthing "Don't make me laugh" back. I remember noting the redness in Lisa's cheeks when she finished her wine and thinking it was adorable, and then the look on Lisa's face when Melissa gave her a refill. I remember being hard as a rock at the sight, but also feeling sorry for Lisa. It wasn't my fault, I told myself: she could have gone many times in the meantime. She'd chosen to hold it herself, and that I was enjoying it didn't hurt her. I didn't feel sorry for Melissa. If I could see her piss her pants, I'd do it.

By the end, she didn't seem far from it. Melissa was sitting on her hands and rocking back and forth a little, while Lisa was chewing on her lips and had her hands in her pockets. I had to go a little myself, but I could barely feel it over my arousal.

"You girls still okay?" I asked.

They both gave me a exasperated look. They had been trying not to think of it.

"If he doesn't finish in five minutes, I'm just going anyway," said Melissa.

Lisa nodded. "It's so awkward, but I wish I'd just gone already."

"I know, right? Let's go together now, it's less awkward then."

"I think he's almost done..."

Melissa sighed and unbuttoned her jeans.

"Sorry guys, it's an emergency here."

I don't know when it had happened, but Lisa's left hand had moved from her pocket to right between her legs, and she was still shifting from side to side subtly. Melissa alternated between sitting on her hands, drumming quietly on her lap, and bending forwards.

"For courage," she said, drank the rest of her wine, and stood up. "Lisa, you coming?" she added in a whisper.

There were heads turning towards her, but by that point, I don't think she cared. Lisa sat uncertain for a moment, giving me the opportunity to watch how Melissa stepped from foot to foot by her chair, bouncing a little in her hips, her hands in fists by her sides. None of us three had been paying attention to the lector for quite a while now, so it was as much a surprise for me as for them when the hall exploded in a round of applause.

Lisa was on her feet in no time, and the two started power-walking towards the doors and out of my sight. I stood up as well, but they were far ahead of me—but not so far ahead from everyone else.

Their problem was apparently a common one, and people were standing up as they walked. We weren't seated particularly close to the entrance, and I'm sure quite a few girls got to the doors earlier than they did. I followed, torn between hurrying and trying to not look like a creep. My bladder was definitely full enough to warrant the trip, but it wasn't critical.

I was not quite too late. As I walked out of the hall and towards the bathroom, I saw Melissa and Lisa queuing for the ladies'. Melissa had apparently begged her way to cut ahead: the last I saw of her was a desperate, bouncy, hands-on-pants rush into the bathroom. Lisa was standing at the end of the line, looking tense but composed, her hands in her pockets again. She gave me a sad smile, and I knew that I couldn't keep watching; there was no queue for the gents'.

When I came out again, she was already gone.

