Locked in the Venue - A Love Live! Story [All the µ`s Girls!]

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2023-02-25 23:03

Here's another Love Live! story! This one was a massive commission by @Zenkopan with all 9 girls trapped at night in a venue where they have no access to the bathroom! It was a massive undertaking and I had a lot of fun juggling everything around, from the girl's different personalities to their differing levels of desperation, as well as how well they could hold it while desperate. Ultimately I think I did a pretty good job, so I hope you all enjoy! And if you're interested in a commission like this, feel free to DM me!

Locked in the Venue

Umi let out a sigh as she found herself struggling with the complicated stage costume she had been stuck in for the past hour. Around her, the other girls were also in various stages of undress as they similarly fought the convoluted idol outfits. All of them were exhausted and ready to call it a night from the busy day they had.

It was the eve of one of their biggest live performances to date, and by some miracle they had managed to land one of the more prominent auditoriums in the region. All of them had been eager to hop on the occasion, especially since their previous plans had fallen through, literally. The roof of the previous venue they had planned on using had part of its roof collapse due to poor maintenance and water damage. Right as the girls were panicking and thinking they would have to cancel the live, Maki’s family jumped in and found them their current stage.

It was a nice place too. Where the old place was pretty bare-bones, here the girls would have a full crew backing them up, as well people coordinating the stage effects and fancy lighting, and all the technical equipment. However, the upgrade came with a cost, and that was the weight and pressure of all the expectations. This live had to be perfect.

So today, Umi had joined all the others in setting and coordinating everything ahead of time. They had spent the better part of the day getting the stage set up and in order, discussing how the concert would go with managers and technicians. Going through safety drills, testing equipment, and of course, rehearsing and rehearsing until their legs were sore.

Most of the day they had spent in workout clothes. Stretchy, breathable, and easy to move around in. However, the last couple of rehearsals they had done in the uniforms they would be wearing on stage tomorrow. Mostly to make sure everyone could dance around comfortably enough despite the intricacy, and also to make sure there weren’t any impending wardrobe malfunctions, and that their microphones could be easily strung through and hidden by their outfits.

But now it was late, and the venue was closing. So here they all were, changing out of their costumes and into more casual clothes. Umi found herself buttoning up a pink blouse with frilly sleeves, tucking it into a simple black skirt.

She finished getting dressed and looked over to see Kotori zip up a frilled white skirt before slipping on a yellow t-shirt. Honoka, who was already dressed, joined them, wearing a tied orange tank top over a white shirt, and a pleated blue skirt.

“Wow, today was crazy, wasn’t it? I’m exhausted,” she beamed, her excitement and energy contradicting her words, “I hope you’re ready for tomorrow!”

“I’m so nervous,” Kotori admitted, “but I’m excited!”

“Yeah, everything today makes it really feel overwhelming,” Umi acknowledged, “But we practiced as much as we can, and everyone worked really hard to make sure things go smoothly tomorrow.”

The three made their way out of the changing rooms and waited for the rest of the group to catch up. It didn’t take long for Rin and Hanayo to follow, with Rin wearing a frilled yellow sundress and dark grey spats, and Hayano had a sleeveless blue v neck pulled over a white t-shirt and a pair of denim shorts.

“Hey you two!” Honoka smiled as the door to the dressing room closed behind them, “Excited for the big day tomorrow!”

“Y-yeah,” Hanayo nodded, though it was clear she was a bundle of nerves from the tone of her voice.

“My heart’s racing just thinking about it,” Rin spoke, placing a hand on her chest for emphasis, “But I think everything came out great. I really love the amazing outfits you made for us, Kotori!”

“Thank you! It’s always a challenge making something stunning that’s also easy to move around in,” Kotori admitted, “Luckily, some of the staff here were able to help me make last-minute changes to make them more comfortable.”

“The staff here are incredible, aren’t they?”

The girls turned around to hear Eli coming out of the changing room next, with Nozomi close behind. Eli was wearing a dark blue blouse over a long sleeve white t-shirt, with a pair of tight-fitting khaki pants. Behind her, Nozomi stood smiling, wearing a low-cut black t-shirt with a constellation pattern across the front, and a long purple skirt that stopped just below the knees.

“They’re very friendly, but it’s clear they care about making sure everything goes smoothly,” Nozomi added.

“I don’t think we could’ve done anything like this without their help,” Umi agreed.

“Yeah, all the technical stuff totally goes over my head,” Rin admitted.

“It’s incredible they fit all the timing and stage effects to the dance routine we already came up with,” Eli nodded, crossing her arms, “Normally everyone’s coordinating that kind of stuff from the start. The fact that they were able to adapt is impressive.”

Everyone continued to talk about how impressive the staff was for helping them put everything together, especially on such short notice, until finally Maki and Nico made their way out of the dressing room.

“Sorry for taking so long,” Maki said, flipping her hair over her shoulder. She was wearing a white blouse with a black blazer over it, and a matching pencil skirt with a red belt, “Someone was hogging the mirror to tie her hair up.”

“Hey, you were the one who took forever to brush your hair afterwards,” Nico pointed out. She was wearing a light pink tank top over a white shirt, and a frilly pastel pink and orange skirt, “at least I didn’t need Eli’s help getting out of my stage costume.”

“I didn’t want to rip the costume, which you nearly did trying to squirm out of it without undoing the straps!”

“I did not almost rip it. It was fine!”

“Hey, you two…” Honoka began, “Let’s get going now that we’re all here, we don’t want to hold up the staff.”

“The staff was very friendly, we wouldn’t want to trouble them,” Nozomi agreed.

Everyone nodded, and the girls made their way down the hallway towards the back entrance as a group. As they walked, they passed by a pair of staff bathrooms, and Umi felt the slightest of urges from her bladder. She paused, wondering if she should stop and go now while she had the chance, when Rin chimed in.

“Hey, wait up, I’m gonna head to the bathroom real quick!”

“M-me too,” Hanayo chimed in, blushing.

“The train ride back home will be about thirty minutes, so it’s probably a good idea for anyone who needs to go,” Eli pointed out.

Umi was grateful people had spoken up. She was sure she could comfortably make it through a 30 minute train ride, but she figured if the opportunity was there, she’d take it. Maki and Eli also stepped towards the bathroom, as well as Kotori, who actually seemed a bit eager now that Umi was watching her closely. Umi was about to join them, when Rin reached for the door and heard the thud of the door being stopped short by a lock.

“No luck, huh?” Maki asked.

Rin tried again, but still the door wouldn’t budge.

“Well, I guess that makes sense,” Kotori noted, “They were locking everything up, after all, since they’re closing.”

“Rin, are you going to be alright?” Eli asked.

Rin hesitated and glanced over to Hanayo, who flashed her a brief nod, and then nodded herself, “Yeah, I can hold it. I just figured I’d go while we were passing by!”

Umi felt a twinge in her bladder now that she was denied her chance to go. She hadn’t even been thinking about it before, but now that she would have to wait through the train ride, her bladder was voicing its protests. Still, she didn’t have to go that badly, and it was easy enough for her to push the need to the back of her mind.

The girls continued their way to the back where they caught one of the staff members waiting for them. She smiled at them politely, “You girls ready to leave?”

“Yup!” Honoka smiled, leading the way out the door, “Alright, I looked up the way to the station earlier, so-”

Honoka paused, reaching into her skirt pocket, then panicking and reaching into her bag. Umi immediately picked up that something was wrong.

“Did you lose your phone somewhere?”

“I could’ve sworn I had it while I was changing, but I can’t find it anywhere!”

“Do you need to go back to the changing room to look for it?” The staff member asked.

“Y-yeah, sorry, I didn’t want to hold you up!” Honoka apologized.

“Maybe we should all go help you look,” Umi suggested, “I know you said you just had it, but knowing you, it might take us longer to find it.”

“You do have a tendency to be clumsy at times,” Kotori agreed.

“Hey!”

“Sorry about this,” Maki turned to the staff member apologetically.

“No worries! Actually, if you girls are just going back to look through the changing room, you can go back out through the front. This door back here will lock once I lock up, but the front doors only lock from the outside. That way you can take your time looking without worrying about keeping me waiting.”

“Thank you very much, we’ll do that!” Honoka smiled.

The staff member smiled, and once she ushered the girls back into the building, they heard the sound of her locking the back door from the other side.

Nozomi turned to Honoka and nodded, “Well, let’s not waste any time and find your phone.”

The girls all made their way back the way they came, and Umi cast a sideways glance toward the locked doors of the bathrooms once more. She also noticed Hanayo do the same, and realized the shy girl was particularly antsy. If she were to guess, Rin’s request to use the bathroom earlier was more for Hanayo than herself, and Hanayo seemed to need to go more than she was letting on. Umi also caught Kotori cast a longing glance that way as well, though it was only for a brief moment.

Once they got there, all nine of them filed back into the room and Umi spoke up.

“Let’s make this quick, I’ll try calling her,” Umi suggested.

She reached for her phone and tapped Honoka’s contact. However, after her phone rang a couple of times, she heard the dreaded beeps of the signal failing to go through. Surprised, Umi looked down at her phone, only to notice she had no cell service for some reason.

“Huh, my phone doesn’t have signal, anyone else want to try?”

One by one, the girls all tried their phones, but sure enough, none of them seemed to be able to make the call. That threw a wrench into the works. They had hoped it would be a quick affair, simply popping in, finding Honoka’s phone immediately, and leaving. Now they had to look for the phone on their own, and Umi was even more worried this search would wind up being a longer ordeal.

Even worse, given Hanayo’s restless shuffling, they were now up against the clock. Umi herself felt another slight nag from her bladder that she pushed to the back of her mind.

“Well, we’re just going to have to look for it the old-fashioned way,” Umi sighed.

The girls began scouring the room, searching high and low for Honoka’s phone. However, despite Honoka’s insistence that she had it when they were changing, a cursory search of the changing rooms turned up nothing.

“Sorry,” Honoka apologized, “I was sure it was here!”

“How about we split up?” Nozomi suggested, “I can go with Eli and Nico and we can search the halls, and Hanayo, Rin, and Maki can head back towards the stage area to see if you dropped it there.”

“Yeah, and you can stay here with me and Kotori and we can keep looking here,” Umi agreed.

“I’m good with that,” Maki nodded.

“Sounds good, thank you,” Honoka forced a smile even as she slumped her shoulders.

The three groups split up as Umi stayed with Kotori and Honoka, scouring the dressing room. They first checked where Honoka was changing, and then checked the stage outfits. Finally, they made their way to the rack of costumes and accessories. Every once in a while, Umi would make a sudden movement, or bend down, and receive a nagging signal from her bladder. It was still filling up, and she was beginning to think maybe them stopping by the restrooms at the train station would be necessary, especially considering how Hanayo was acting earlier.

Umi also found herself glancing over at Kotori, and could immediately tell her friend also had to go to the bathroom. Perhaps it was from knowing her for so long, but Kotori’s movements were definitely stiff and somewhat uncomfortable, and whenever she wasn’t bent over looking for the phone, she was shifting her weight from foot to foot. Kotori wasn’t the kind of person to exhibit that kind of restless energy, so Umi was fairly certain she had to pee, and if it was this noticeable, then she probably had to go more than Umi did at this point

Umi quickened the pace, continuing to rummage through the changing room along with the others. Finally, after going over the stage costumes yet again, this time being more thorough and patting each one down, Umi felt a rectangular lump in a fancy sailor’s jacket. She reached in and sure enough she found Honoka’s cell phone at the bottom of the surprisingly deep pocket.

“Oh, hehehe, I was trying on the outfits earlier,” Honoka smiled sheepishly, scratching at the back of her head, “I must’ve slipped my phone into one of the pockets by mistake.”

“Why would you be trying on one of these costumes?” Kotori asked.

“I thought the staff told us not to touch them?” Umi frowned, crossing her arms.

“Oh come on! I just wanted to see what it was like to be a swashbuckling pirate!” Honoka smiled. She slung the jacket over her shoulders once again, curled her finger into a hook shape and closed one of her eyes, “Arrr, ye scurvy dogs, I’ll make ye walk the plank!”

Umi continued to glare at Honoka deadpan, though apparently Kotori had found it much more funny, and was stifling a laugh, squeezing her thighs together and holding her stomach she tried not to outright chuckle.

“Anyway, we should get back to the others to let them know you found your phone,” Umi suggested.

“Yes, let’s hurry,” Kotori agreed with some urgency. Umi glanced over at her and noticed her rubbing her thighs together as she stood in place. If Umi hadn’t been sure earlier, she definitely was now. Kotori had to pee.

Now with their mission accomplished, the three made their way out of the dressing room, where they quickly encountered Eli, Nozomi, and Nico making their way out of a room down the hall. Waving, they got the third-year group’s attention, and the three made their way over to regroup.

“We found it!” Honoka smiled, holding up her phone triumphantly. She didn’t seem eager to go into specifics of where they found it.

“That’s good!” Nozomi smiled.

“We checked down the halls, but all the doors are locked except for a storage closet, and what looked like a meeting room of some kind,” Nico replied.

“Well, now that we found it, let’s head towards the front,” Eli suggested, “That’s where the others should be looking anyway, so we can meet them on the way there.”

The six started making their way towards the front where the auditorium and the front entrance were, and were surprised when they found the first-years making their way back towards the changing rooms. Immediately, Umi could tell something was off. Maki was playing with her hair nervously, Hanayo looked even more antsy than before, and not even Rin was smiling.

“Hey, we found Honoka’s phone!” Kotori smiled.

“Great,” Rin beamed, though it was clear she was nervous, and she was shuffling back and forth in place. Perhaps it was because she had spoken up earlier, or maybe it was because Umi had been watching Kotori’s discomfort, but she wondered if Rin hadn’t just been asking to use the bathroom for Hanayo’s sake.

“Did you girls finish checking the auditorium? That seemed quite short.” Nozomi asked, puzzled.

“No, and we have a problem,” Maki frowned, “The doors to the auditorium, and the doors to the front hall towards the entrance, are locked.”

“What?” Honoka asked, shocked, “But the staff member told us to go through the front.”

“Well, the doors have electronic locks on them, maybe they lock automatically after a certain time,” Hanayo suggested.

“If we can’t go through the front, then what are we going to do?” Eli asked, worried.

“Does that mean we’re locked in here?” Kotori asked nervously.

“Maybe we can still go out through the back?” Nico asked hopefully.

Umi clearly remembered the staff member mentioning the back doors would be locked once she left, but if Maki and the others really had tried to get to the front and failed, then it would be their only way out. The group nervously made their way back down the halls towards the back exit and tried the handle, but predictably, the door wouldn’t budge.

“Locked,” Honoka sighed, “Maybe there’s another way to the front?”

As the group turned around once again, hoping to find another way to the front entrance, Umi’s eyes once again darted towards the locked bathroom doors. This time, however, she was getting nervous. She was starting to feel her bladder fill up, and while it was still more of a slight nagging than anything urgent, her mind went towards the immediate worst case scenario, that they had gotten locked in.

Umi looked around at the other girls. Kotori was glancing around nervously and Umi could tell she was walking awkwardly from needing to pee. Hanayo was also shuffling along, looking worried as the group made their way down the hall, and Rin also cast a sidelong glance towards the locked doors. Eli and Maki also looked worried. Nico, Nozomi, and Honoka seemed the most relaxed, but all of them were hoping they’d find a way to the front.

The girls tried the first and most logical option first, the main doors to the front hall. The first-years had already tried it, but there was no harm in giving it another go. As expected, however, the doors were definitely locked. The same was true for the doors to the auditorium, which would also lead out to the front.

There was only one other hallway that branched off from the hallway that led from the front to the back, so naturally the girls tried there next.They all made their way down to the end, where another set of double doors sat. Honoka tried the doors, and they were met with another disheartening thud as the locked bolt held the door shut.

“Well, I think we’re locked in,” Maki stated, letting out a sigh as she twirled her hair around her finger.

“Oh no,” Kotori frowned, biting her lip. She shuffled in place as she began playing with the hem of her skirt, clearly trying not to squirm around too much, “What are we going to do? No one’s supposed to be here until morning!”

“I guess we’re gonna have to wait out the night,” Nozomi frowned, “I hope we don’t get into too much trouble with the staff for this.”

“Hey, it’s not our fault,” Nico frowned, “That staff lady told us we could just go out the front door.”

“How are we going to get any rest for the performance tomorrow?” Eli asked worriedly.

“I’m sorry, guys, this is all my fault,” Honoka frowned, slumping her shoulders.

“No it’s not, you just lost your phone,” Umi reassured her, patting her on the shoulders, “And before we panic, let’s think things through. I know we couldn’t get a signal earlier, but let’s try calling again. Maybe someone can come by and let us out.”

“Good idea! Papa gave me the number to the owner, so maybe he can help us,” Maki stated.

She pulled out her phone and dialed a number, and everyone anxiously waited as her phone rang. Unfortunately, like before, the beeping sound of the call failing reached their ears, and Maki frowned as she checked her phone.

“Still no good, I wonder why we can’t get a signal here?”

“Here, we should double check,” Nozomi suggested.

One by one, all the girls pulled out their phones, but once again none of them seemed to be able to make the call. They even tried multiple times, holding their phones up and moving around the hall to see if that made any difference. By the end, though, none of them were able to get through.

Defeated, the girls wanted to slump onto the floor.

“I don’t get it,” Nico frowned, “We’re in the middle of the city. It’s not like this is some kind of deadzone, right?”

“Maybe the building uses a lot of soundproofing, and that’s messing with the signal?” Eli suggested.

“It might have something to do with the wireless electronics they use here too, maybe they block outside signals to avoid interference?” Hanayo suggested.

“Well, whatever the reason, it looks like we’re not going to be able to get a call out,” Umi noted, crossing her arms.

“So, we’re stuck, then,” Maki pointed out, letting out a resigned sigh.

“What are we going to do?” Honoka asked, worried.

“Well, there’s nothing to do but wait,” Umi pointed out, “Our parents should notice eventually when we don’t make it home, and hopefully someone will come find us.”

“Well, I don’t like the idea of waiting that long, but it’s not like we have another choice,” Eli pointed out.

“We should make our way to the meeting room,” Nico suggested, “There’s not much in there, but it beats standing around in the hallway.”

The girls nodded, and all of them started making their way back to the main hall. All the energy and enthusiasm had left the group, and the atmosphere was tense. Umi herself let out a sigh before she felt another nagging signal from her bladder, and pressed her legs together as she walked. She looked around at the others nervously, particularly Kotori, who continued to shuffle awkwardly with her thighs pressed together.

She wasn’t the only one struggling. Hanayo was shuffling around, frowning nervously as she bobbed up and down on her legs. The two clearly had to pee. Umi was afraid that they wouldn’t be the only ones either. All day the girls had been rehearsing for the show tomorrow, and as such they had stayed plenty hydrated as they worked through the choreography time and time again. Umi hadn’t been keeping track of the other’s visits to the restrooms, but she knew she herself hadn’t gone since mid-afternoon. It was now late into the evening, so it had been quite some time since she had relieved herself. At the very least, she was pretty sure no one had gone to the bathroom for the last few hours while they were rehearsing.

As their bladders slowly filled up while they were stuck here, would they be able to hold it until someone found them?

Pushing that thought and her urge to the back of her mind, Umi followed the rest of the group back into the main hall. Nico led the way back down to the door leading into the meeting room. As she described, it was pretty barren. There was a projector and a rolled up screen on one side of the room, and a large table with plenty of chairs for all of them, but aside from that an a cart with some office supplies off to one side, and an outlet strip and some filing cabinets on the other, there wasn’t anything else in the room.

Everyone sat down, letting out sighs as they rested their tired legs. All of them had gotten more than enough exercise for the day, and that wasn’t counting them running back and forth down the halls trying to find a way out of the building.

No one really seemed to be in the talking mood, as everyone sat there silently, letting the reality that they really were locked in the back rooms of the auditorium. Rin laid her head down on the table and let out a long, dejected sigh before shuffling around restlessly. Kotori seemed to be relieved to be sitting down, and was restlessly fidgeting in her chair with a hand pressed against the front of her skirt as she sat. Hanayo looked stiff and uncomfortable, sitting and shuffling in her seat.

Maki looked annoyed as her eyes darted around the room, looking over the others. Eli seemed unusually stiff and uncomfortable, and Nico was sitting with her arms crossed, fiddling with her phone. Umi sat with her thighs pressed together, trying not to focus on her filling bladder, even as the signals that she needed to pee came more frequently. She glanced over at Honoka, who seemed dejected, likely still blaming herself. Only Nozomi looked relaxed, but even then, there was a hint of worry on her face.

Umi spotted movement across the table and glanced over at Hanayo again. The poor girl was really squirming and wriggling around now. She glanced over at Rin with urgent eyes and the two began exchanging glances.

In reality, Hanayo was way worse off than she was letting on. While she was desperately trying to keep her shuffling to a minimum, her bladder was full to bursting, and she was definitely in some serious trouble. Under the table she had her hand firmly jammed against her crotch as she squeezed her legs as tightly as they’d allow.

She had first felt the urge shortly before their final rehearsal, as she was getting changed into the complicated idol outfit Kotori had made for her. She didn’t want to hold everyone up, and she knew that getting caught on stage needing to pee was something idols had to deal with sometimes, so she was determined to see the rehearsals through to the end. It had been an easy decision to make when her bladder was only slightly nagging her, but the rehearsal had taken its toll, and trying to push back thoughts of her bladder steadily filling while singing and dancing flawlessly was way more than she had bargained for.

By the time she was changing back into her normal clothes, Hayano was all too eager to make a dash to the bathroom. Rin had clearly picked up on her discomfort, and had chimed in for her so she wouldn’t have to speak up and ask the entire group to wait up for her.

Of course, that was when they all learned the restrooms were locked, and that was before they spent a good deal of time searching for Honoka’s phone, and then realizing they were locked in.

Now, she was desperate, and barely able to keep still. She glanced over at Rin pleadingly, and she mouthed, “Rin, what should I do? I really have to go!”

“Hang in there! I’m sure we won’t be stuck in here all night. Besides, I have to pee too!”

Rin wasn’t joking either. She had been holding it in for nearly as long as Hanayo, and she was starting to struggle. She had her thighs pressed together tightly, and was resisting the urge to jam her hands between her legs and grab her crotch. However, despite her needing to pee, it was clear Hanayo had to go worse. Rin was able to maintain some level of composure, whereas Hanayo’s swollen bladder wouldn’t let her sit still.

“Seriously, Rin, I think I’m going to wet myself. I can’t hold it,” Hanayo mouthed urgently, her pleading eyes trying to convey the direness of her situation.

“Okay, hold on,” Rin mouthed back, patting Hanayo on the shoulder gently.

Rin then turned to the rest of the table and spoke up, breaking the uncomfortable silence in the room, “H-hey, uh, I really need to go to the bathroom. What am I supposed to do?”

“That’s right, the bathrooms were locked, so we don’t exactly have a place to go,” Nico realized, crossing her arms.

At that, all of the girls looked around at each other uncomfortably. In truth, it was more than just Hayano, Kotori, Rin, and Umi who were feeling the urge. Eli wasn’t giving anything away, but her bladder was getting pretty full, and she wasn’t looking forward to the idea of having to hold it until they were found. Nozomi pressed her thighs together. She had been holding it back as well, though she was much more confident in her ability to hold it until help arrived.

Maki was trying to distract herself from her own full bladder by fiddling with her hair and thinking about the concert tomorrow, but her body’s signals were getting harder for her to ignore, and currently she had one leg crossed over the other and was leaning back slightly to take the pressure off.

Nico looked relatively relaxed, but she too was feeling the effects of one too many water bottles and rehearsal sessions. Her bladder was starting to nag her that it was quite full, but with no other choice she resolved to simply wait quietly, trying to keep any fidgeting to a minimum.

That left Honoka, and while she was hesitant to admit it, since it was her clumsiness from forgetting her phone that got the girls into this mess, she also had to pee quite urgently. All the running around and looking for her phone had taken its toll, and now with the knowledge they didn’t have access to the bathrooms, she was starting to get worried.

That being said, no one seemed particularly eager to admit they had to go, so all the girls sat uncomfortably, in different stages of desperation. They were clearly struggling for something to say, when finally Maki chimed in.

“Well, we know the staff bathrooms are locked, but maybe there’s another set of bathrooms that we can still get to?”

“There’s only the two hallways, do you really think there’d be another bathroom so close to the main ones?” Kotori asked, hopefully but hesitantly.

“Well, it’s worth checking,” Nozomi pointed out, “I mean, Rin aside, I’m sure we’ll all have to go sooner or later.”

“Let’s go, then!” Rin jumped up before pausing to squeeze her thighs together. This gave Hanayo time to steel herself and stand up shakily next to her. Kotori was also eager to get up, as was Eli and Nozomi.

Umi wasn’t particularly eager to get back on her feet so soon, but managing to find a bathroom would put her mind at ease. She got up too, and soon so did Maki and Nico. Honoka was the last to join, looking a bit shaky as she got to her feet.

“Let’s split up again,” Honoka suggested, “One group can check around here, and another can go to the other hallway and start checking doors there. We can meet in the middle once we’ve checked them all.”

The groups naturally divided into two, with Rin, Hanayo, Kotori, Eli, and Nozomi heading down the hall towards the back where the bathrooms were. It was possible they were thinking of trying the bathrooms again, especially considering that at least two among them already clearly had to go pretty bad.

That left Umi to make her way with Honoka, Nico, and Maki towards the front. The first thing they did was check the front doors again, despite having checked them twice by now. Perhaps it was their filling bladders, but for Umi at least, she was at least hopeful they could get out of here entirely rather than being stuck.

Once again, however, the doors were locked, and they began systematically checking the doors down the second hall. Maki reached for the first door and found it to be locked as well. Umi tried the next door, and it opened, but it just looked like a large room filled with large locked cabinets and filled with the hum of electronics. The group did reach in to see if there was another door leading elsewhere, but aside from a locked room marked “equipment”, there were no other doors out of the room.

“This is bad, we’re really gonna be in trouble if we’re locked here without a bathroom,” Honoka pointed out. For the first time, Umi noticed her wriggling.

“Yeah, we were all focusing on rehearsals, I don’t know when we all went last,” Maki nodded, playing with her hair awkwardly. She was standing a bit stiffly, but Umi had no way of knowing that her discomfort was more than just nerves. Internally, however, she was starting to really need to go, and she was fighting back the urge to press her thighs together and buckle her knees.

“Well, I’ll be fine, holding it is something an idol is expected to do sometimes,” Nico boasted, giving no outward indication that she too was beginning to feel the urgent need to pee, “But I hope we find a bathroom, for the rest of you.”

“Yeah, alright,” Maki crossed her arms, picking up on Nico’s boasting rather quickly, “Let’s just keep looking.

The two lightly bickered as they made their way down the hall and checked the other two doors, meanwhile Umi felt her bladder send a desperate signal to her brain. Her urge spiked, and she was forced to press her thighs together and hobble after the other girls awkwardly, hoping the urge would pass.

As much as everyone in their group had to go, it was even worse for the group that had split off to search the other hallway. The first thing they did was check the bathrooms yet again, with Hanayo desperately hoping the doors would open and she could get some relief. Unfortunately, it was the same story as before, with the bathroom doors locked. They also tried the back door yet again, but same as up front there was no change. They were still locked in.

“Oh no, what are we going to do?” Hayano asked. The poor girl was in trouble by this point. Her voice was quivering and her legs were shaking, and despite Rin having been the one to speak up both times, it was clear that Hanayo was the one in desperate need of relief.

“Let’s try to check the doors, there might be a bathroom or something we can use!” Kotori suggested.

The words “or something” made all the girls stiffen slightly, but the possibility was there. Hanayo was bursting and Kotori herself was rubbing her knees together as she stood, clearly desperate herself. Rin herself was starting to fill up as well, and Eli was starting to feel her bladder press against the waistband of her pants. Nozomi was doing a good job hiding it, but her bladder was also filling rapidly, and she was definitely standing more stiff than normal.

They too systematically made their way down the hallway, checking each door. There was the two rooms they already knew of, of course. There was the fitting room and the large conference room where they had gone before. However, all the other doors down the hall seemed to be locked, with a single exception. Kotori had opened a door to find a small closet filled with office and cleaning supplies, like paper, trash bags, and ironically enough toilet paper.

Of course, not a single sink, or bucket could be found in the room, and none of the other rooms they had access to had anything remotely appropriate they could relieve themselves into.

“No luck, then,” Nozomi frowned, as each of them grew more tense. They turned down the hall only to find Honoka’s group returning, also with long faces.

“We didn’t find anything this way,” Honoka frowned, “Only a room with a bunch of electronic equipment, and a bunch of locked doors.”

“Same,” Eli frowned, crossing her arms and shifting her weight uncomfortably from foot to foot, relaying that everything was still definitely locked and the only thing they managed to find was the small closet.

“W-what are we going to do?” Rin asked, shuffling in place desperately. Hanayo beside her was trembling, and it was clear the poor girl didn’t have much time left.

“Well, there’s nothing to it, we just have to hold it, no matter what,” Umi sighed, “Hopefully they’ll realize we’re missing sooner rather than later, and get here early.”

“But…” Rin looked over at Hanayo, who gasped as she buried her hands between her legs.

Hanayo bit her lip and blushed before blurting out, “I really have to pee! I’m seriously going to wet myself.”

“W-what should she do?”

“W-well,” Nozomi looked over at the closet they had found, “It’s not exactly a bathroom, but that closet over there is small and private enough. If you really can’t hold it, you might have to… go there.”

“What? On the floor?” Eli asked, “There’s no way we can do that!”

“Y-yeah,” Umi nodded, “It wouldn’t be proper to pee on the floor like that.”

“I think that’s going to happen sooner rather than later, regardless of whether it’s on purpose,” Nozomi pointed out.

Sure enough, Hanayo had both hands jammed between her legs, and she was shaking and dancing in place uncontrollably. Her legs were buckled and she could barely stand up straight, and her eyes were filled with tears.

“Listen, Hanayo, let’s use the closet,” Rin suggested, “I really have to go too, and it’s better than wetting ourselves.”

“Really? But what about the staff? They’ll have to clean it up if you two just make a mess in there,” Umi insisted.

“It’s the staff’s fault we’re all locked in anyway,” Rin shot back, “Besides, we’re all gonna have to go sooner or later. If it was you, would you rather leave a puddle somewhere, or wet yourself?”

“I would hold it!” Umi reaffirmed, even as she was acutely aware of her own bladder filling up.

“I… I can’t hold it!” Hanayo exclaimed, rushing into the closet before there could be any more argument.

While she hadn’t been doing the best job hiding her desperation from the others, the second the door closed she broke out into an all-out pee dance as she shimmied over to the corner of the room. She looked around, briefly considering where the best place to pee would be before deciding tucking into the corner was best. She struggled to get her shorts and light blue panties down, and she blushed when she realized the crotch of her underwear was already damp with pee.

She hadn’t even fully squatted when the dams burst, and a hot spurting stream of pee splashed out onto the floor. Her tired muscles could barely restrain it at all before she fully squatted and relaxed, and almost immediately a strong torrent sprayed out of her. It splashed into the corner of the room, away from the shelves set up for supplies, and spattered onto the ground. She relaxed and felt her mind melt as the relief washed over her, but even as she peed, she was acutely aware she was not using a proper toilet. Her pee soaked into the carpeted floor, even as her puddle spread out between her legs.

Her messy spray splashed dangerously close to her ankles where her shorts and panties were, and she leaned forwards and adjusted her position to keep them out of the line of fire. She could feel the powerful stream dribble down her butt and drip between her legs even as she continued to pee full force, and she knew that if she had tried to hold it in, she would’ve made even more of a mess of her pants.

She peed for a good long while and finally her stream lost its power and began trickling out into a weak stream, splashing down onto the floor between her legs before stemming to a dribble, and then tapering off completely. She dripped a few more times like a leaky faucet before she finally tensed her muscles back up, and she could feel a dull ache in her bladder where she had earlier felt nothing but the intense pressure of her desperation.

Hanayo stayed squatting there, mind in a haze for a few moments, as she took in her relief. Slowly but surely, the reality of what she had done sunk in, and she turned her attention to the puddle beneath her. She had really held it in until she was bursting, and the sizeable puddle she had let loose was a testament to that. It took up a good portion of the corner of the room she had decided to pee in, and likely would’ve spread even further if it hadn’t soaked into the carpeted floor beneath her.

Realizing that her messy spray had left her crotch and legs in quite the state, Hanayo looked around and was relieved to find that one of the packs of toilet paper was open. She fished out a roll and grabbed a large wad. She bunched it up in her hands and carefully wiped herself dry, Trying to dab up all the dribbles that splashed onto her legs before wiping her crotch.

It was only after she was left with a messy ball of used toilet paper that she realized she had a problem. This was not a proper bathroom, and she was short a toilet to toss her spent tissues into. She looked around for a waste basket or something to slip the wad into, but with no such thing in sight, she was forced to let it fall to the floor into her puddle and soak in. She hoped Rin wouldn’t notice or mention it when she followed in after her, and she wondered what the others would do if they eventually also resorted to using the closet.

Pushing those embarrassing thoughts to the back of her mind, Hanayo pulled her panties and shorts back up, and slipped out of the room, blushing hard. Her eyes darted frantically to Rin, who was shuffling slightly as she waited patiently for her turn. She didn’t dare face anyone else, especially Umi and Eli, who had been the most opposed to resorting to the closet.

“Better?” Rin asked, smiling.

“Y-yeah,” Hayano played with her fingers awkwardly.

“Hey, it’s okay, you really couldn’t hold it anymore!” Honoka chimed in, hugging her reassuringly.

Thankfully, Eli and Umi knew when to hold their tongue, though from Umi crossing her arms and looking away it was clear she still didn’t approve. Rin drew attention to herself, no longer hiding her desperation as she shifted from foot to foot, rubbing her thighs together as she tugged at the front of her dress.

“I gotta use the closet too, so don’t feel too bad!” Rin spoke up. She then turned around, quickly slipping into the closet before anyone else could argue.

As soon as Rin entered the room, she doubled over and rammed her hands between her legs. She might’ve played it up a little, and she wasn’t as close to bursting as Hanayo had been, but her bladder was really full. Now that she was in here with the intention of peeing, her bladder was sending wave after wave of desperation, and Rin immediately set to shuffling over next to the puddle Hanayo made and slipping down her spats and panties underneath. She took a moment to admire the size of Hanayo’s puddle before taking position next to it and getting ready to go.

Rather than squatting down, however, Rin hiked up her skirt and arched her back, thrusting her hips forwards as she reached down and parted her lower lips. She had some practice with peeing standing up, and she figured she could minimize her mess if she aimed to where the floor was already damp. With one last desperate signal from her bladder, she let loose, and began peeing in an arch.

Her stream was neat and arched cleanly away from her, splashing a bit against the far wall before streaming down and splashing into Hanayo’s puddle. The saturated carpet had trouble soaking up the extra liquid, so rather than minimizing any mess, Rin’s pee quickly streamed out to the edges and began spreading the puddle further. Rin was forced to take an awkward step back as she peed, which messed with her clean stream and sent a messy arc once again splashing against the wall.

Rin quickly adjusted and then focused on peeing. While not nearly as desperate as Hanayo had been, the relief washed over her like a warm tingle, and she was happy she had decided to go now rather than to hold it for who knows how long before someone found them all. Of course, thinking about them being found brought her mind back to the idea that she was peeing in a closet, and someone would eventually have to clean this up. Rin was suddenly self-conscious about the mess she was making. She watched the puddle expand and spread further out until it was nearly at her feet. The powerful flow hit the toilet paper Hanayo had dropped into the puddle, and watched it start to dissolve further as she relieved herself.

Suddenly self-conscious, Rin’s stream tapered off, and she briefly considered stopping early, since she was no longer desperate and could easily hold the rest without being uncomfortable. However, the last thing she wanted was to have to use the closet again just because she hadn’t fully emptied herself out, especially if help wound up coming later rather than sooner. She quickly forced out the rest, her arch once again splashing messily against the wall with one final surge of pressure before it slowly faded into a dribble.

Rin shook her hips to let the last drips fall from her crotch before reaching for the toilet paper Hanayo had used. She grabbed a few pieces and wiped herself off hastily before letting it fall into the puddle where Hanayo’s own wad had been. She watched it soak up the puddle and go soggy and transparent before she lowered her skirt and hiked her panties and spats back up.

She took one final look at the puddle, now a combination of Hanayo’s and her own pee, and turned around, leaving her embarrassment and all thoughts of it behind.

“Sorry,” she spoke as she emerged, “I needed that.”

“Does anyone else need to go?” Nozomi asked, looking around. Everyone looked uncomfortable, but none of the other girls were ready to own up to their filling bladders just yet. Not even Kotori, who was doing a poor job hiding her obvious desperation.

“Well, if we’re all done making a mess of the storage closet, I say we should head back to the room and wait. We’re not going to get anywhere checking the same locked doors and wishing there was a way out,” Umi replied, crossing her arms.

“S-sorry,” Hanayo spoke, blushing.

“Hey, we didn’t really have another option,” Rin pointed out.

“Yeah, don’t give Hanayo a hard time, it was clear she was really desperate,” Maki spoke out too, standing up for her fellow first year.

Umi dropped the issue, but was still clearly against the idea of using the closet. Everyone found themselves making their way back to the conference room, where at least they could all take a seat. Kotori was walking rather stiffly, and definitely shuffling back and forth out of desperation. Eli was walking more stiffly and less elegantly than she normally carried herself, and even Nozomi was starting to look a bit uncomfortable, pressing her thighs together as she walked. Honoka seemed a bit restless herself, and Maki was clearly starting to feel the effects of a full bladder, rubbing her abdomen as she walked. Nico looked calm, but she was shifting her weight from foot to foot, and she clearly had a nervous energy about her. Umi herself felt her bladder nagging her at this point, and it was becoming harder and harder for her to ignore that she now definitely had to pee.

As they entered the conference room, Kotori was the first to sit down, immediately jamming her hands below the table and between her legs as she leaned forwards and tried not to look so obviously desperate. Maki sat down next to Nico, crossing her legs and playing with her hair as she swiveled in her chair back and forth restlessly. Nico was sitting stiffly, and while she refused to give anything away openly, she could feel her bladder starting to swell as it continued to fill, with no bathrooms in sight. Eli was careful with sitting down, pressing her thighs together as she lowered herself onto her seat.

She was really starting to feel full. Nozomi looked more relaxed, but she let a hand wander to her lap as she rubbed her knees together. Honoka sat down next to Umi, shuffling her knees together restlessly as she bit her lip, and Umi herself resisted the urge to squirm as well as she pressed her thighs together and ignored the desperate urges from her own bladder. Only Hanayo and Rin looked comfortable, but even then, both of them had an air of discomfort and embarrassment, likely from having to resort to using the closet.

“W-well,” Honoka spoke up, hoping to stave off any awkward silences before they were able to form, “What should we do now? I mean, aside from waiting here until someone realizes we’re locked in.”

“Well, we can always play a card game,” Nozomi suggested, “I always bring my cards with me. A normal deck, as well as my tarot cards, naturally.”

Umi wasn’t really in the mood for a card game, but anything that could get everyone’s minds off of the situation they were in, as well as their filling bladders, was a blessing. Everyone else seemed to be in agreement as well.

“What should we play?” Honoka asked, leaning in.

“Well, it’d have to be a game where all of us can play,” Nico pointed out.

“Hmm, what about Bullshit? I do have 2 decks here,” Nozomi suggested.

“What’s that?” Rin asked, “How do you play?”

“I shuffle the decks together and deal all the cards out to everyone,” Nozomi began, “Then we take turns putting the cards down in order. We can put down as many cards of the same rank as we want. So for instance, if I’m starting with aces, and I have 3 aces in my hand, I can put down all 3. Then the next person puts down twos, and it goes from there. The first person to empty their hand wins.”

“But isn’t that just putting cards down in order?” Honoka asked.

Maki frowned, “That means whoever wins is down to what you were dealt at the start of the game.”

“No, see, that’s the catch,” Nozomi explained, “You can cheat. If you don’t have the card you’re supposed to put down, or if you want to try to get rid of cards faster, you can put down cards that aren’t the number you’re supposed to. If it’s my turn and I’m supposed to put down a jack, but I don’t have any jacks, I can put down any card and call it a jack. Or if I have one jack but I want to get rid of the cards in my hand faster, I can slip in another card that’s not a jack. The catch is that anyone can call out someone with ‘bullshit’ if they think the other person is lying. If you’re caught lying, you have to pick up the entire pile on the table. However, if you’re telling the truth, the person who called you has to pick it up instead.”

“I think I understand,” Hanayo nodded.

“It sounds fun,” Nico smiled.

“I’ll give it a try,” Kotori chimed in.
