My Bad Writing

Author: Ranpalan

*000*2018-12-27 23:33

As you may have noticed, I don't post stories very often. This is because I only write when inspiration strikes me: when I can't not write, when the story comes of its own accord and nags me like a sixth cup of tea, until I get out of bed, stumble to this site, and just let it go. People say (and I like to believe) that such stories are nice to read. Unfortunately, inspiration is a fickle beast and most stories... they're not like that. Most stories, I sit down with an idea, write a paragraph, write another paragraph—after erasing the previous—and so on, until at some point I only erase, and then there's nothing left. 

Recently I had a great idea for a story (an AU fanfiction on Friendship is Optimal, which is not my bad writing and which you definitely should read) I could not erase, of course, but then what you'd get would be a jumble of words, not nice to read at all. Practice makes perfect, they say, and so here this jumble of words is. (Actually, it isn't yet; I wrote this introduction before I even came up with an idea.) Creative criticism is, of course, always welcome.

###

I sometimes feel bad for the things I do. Heck, I almost always feel bad in hindsight. "You agreed to just be friends," I think, "And you could have been great friends but now you are stuck with a secret you are never, ever going to be able to tell her about."

Hannah and I met on Tinder. We were both on it because we had too much time on our hands and wouldn't mind to spend some time in human company for a change—not, and I want to be very clear about this, because we wanted quick sex. We didn't want quick sex, we both mentioned Stephen King in our description, and we spent the first half hour of our match talking about how we both hated the new It movie. With many a joke about serial killers, we agreed to go on a boat trip; her parents had a skiff, and I knew what to do with one.

In the meantime, we kept talking and I got the feeling that Hannah... Well, let's just say she didn't mind a drink. This was the middle of summer, and every day seemed to find her on the beach, texting me about horror novels and how good life was, especially when life meant a plate of fish 'n' chips and a cold beer for lunch. In all honesty, you could tell about her indulgences by her figure, but I didn't mind. She wasn't a drunkard by any means, by the way; she just knew how to spend her youth well.

Needless to say, she was overjoyed when I promised that the beer was on me, and I was overjoyed when she promised she wouldn't let it get warm.

We met at her parents' place (which was a little awkward), and set off into the water. I could tell her mother's pointed remarks had bothered Hannah a lot more than they had bothered me, and after a joke or two, the somewhat subdued beginning turned out to have carved through the ice entirely. We were talking about King, about Lovecraft, about the series we both watched and the series we felt the other absolutely had to watch. It sounds like a great date when I put it this way, but there really wasn't anything like that going on: we were just enjoying the chance to talk about our interests, and feel the water on our skin and the wind through our hair, and (in my case) the idea that this girl I was with had not been kidding about liking a beer or two.

I think it was her initial nervousness that really helped, as well as the fact that I had gotten white beer. I wasn't planning to get her drunk, after all, and she wasn't worried about drinking too much of something that was only 3% alcohol or so. I even felt fine drinking a bottle myself, despite having to steer the boat.

"Well, I'll let you have one," she said teasingly when I said I'd be fine, "But no more than that, I need some myself, you know!"

"Five bottles, just for you?" I retorted, "You're not even done with your second!"

She quickly took the last few gulps and popped another one open. I concentrated on the boat for a bit: the beach had changed into a cliff face now, and I wanted to steer clear of any underwater rocks. I'd plotted the course, of course: no places to land for quite a while, and all in the opposite direction of where we were heading.

"The only problem," she continued after taking several long drinks from her beer, "Is that I'm either going to have to drink this all quickly and be without beer half the trip, or drink it slowly and drink half of it warm."

"Some friends of mine would tie a rope to the crate and then drop it in the water for a while, to cool off," I said, "If I'd known you could handle a crate by yourself, I'd have taken one and we'd do that."

"A crate is a bit much," she laughed, "Especially if I can't go to the loo until it's finished."

Well, that got my attention.

"You can go in the water," I said, hoping she couldn't.

"Only if I get so drunk that I'm okay with pissing off the side of the boat while you watch," she replied, "Last time I tried climbing into this boat from the water, I turned it over, and I've not lost any weight since then."

My heart was soaring at crotch level, but the sails were giving me a good excuse not to turn towards her. I tried to joke, to see if she would say more.

"If you got that drunk, you'd end up falling into the water anyway."

"You've got a point there, but don't worry, you didn't take enough beer for that."

"I'm sure your self-respect and bladder will thank me."

"My self-respect and I aren't on speaking terms, and my bladder wants to say that it considers anything more than two beers excessive," she said, finishing her third and taking the fourth out.

"Oh dear," I smiled, "Well tell it I'm sorry, but that taking another is your choice."

Our conversation turned to other things, and I was starting to suspect she may have been joking about her bladder. She certainly wasn't drinking any slower because of it, and soon enough she was holding the last beer, turning it in her hands. Suddenly, she leaned overboard and submerged the beer into the water. The skiff slanted somewhat, but remained upright.

"Too warm," she explained, "But ooh, this is not making it easier to hold it..."

As she half-hung over the edge, I could see her bum wiggling from side to side.

"Why bother cooling it down if you're not going to drink it now anyway?" I asked, genuinely curious.

"Who says I'm not?"

"Your bladder, I would guess."

"Hah, my bladder said I wasn't going to have my fourth, and I did, and I'll have this one in a minute too. Oooh!"

She pulled it out as she said that, legs clenched close together and bouncing just a little.

"Thing is, I know I can hold it," she explained, "Sorry, probably TMI, but I always do. At some point it gets a bit annoying—like now—but if you always give in, you can't have any fun. You don't know how many beach parties there are with no bathrooms, I'd miss half the fun if I kept running home whenever I had to go."

"Wait, but... the bushes?"

"I don't go in the bushes. I can hold it home. Speaking of which..." she looked at the beer and bit her lip, "Could we head back? My bladder was right about the fourth one."

I had quite a few plans for the moment she asked about that. Suggesting a route that went past a landmark. Pretending to not be able to get the sails under control. Turning the sail to get less wind.

Executing any of them didn't even cross my mind. We'd been going downwind, so having turned around we were already moving considerably slower, but that wasn't even it: we had been sailing for an hour and a half now. We could not get back any faster than that, no matter how I tried. I couldn't imagine Hannah making it on time, but even if she did, that was at least an hour and a half of desperation for me to watch.

"Are you sure you'll be okay?" I asked, "It'll take a while..."

"Yeah," she replied, looking intently at some point in the opposite direction of me. I'm not sure if she really thought I couldn't see that her hand was between her legs, or if she just wanted both of us to pretend as much.

She lasted another five minutes before she started pacing, as much as that was possible on the two or so square metres of boat we had between us. She was still sipping her fifth beer, probably more out of defiance than anything.

"It's all your fault," she said, without malice, but with a tinge of fear, "For not bringing enough beer. One time, I went on a boat ride just like this, with a friend, and she had the good sense to bring plenty of beer, and a bottle of vodka, and when I had to pee I just pulled my pants down and had her hold my arms and then I could just pee over the side. And I didn't even fall in, but that was more on her than on me. And that memory is not making this any better!"

She was frantic now. She finished her beer in one last chug, as if hoping it would give her the courage to do what had to be done, but the alcohol was evidently all busy lowering her ADH, with none left to give her that much-needed bit of courage. She bent over forwards, both hands in her crotch.

(It is, by the way, a mystery how we managed to not run into anything while all this was going on. My eyes were all on her, and we could have run right into the cliff-face before I'd have noticed.

"Fuuck!" she said, and I could tell she had leaked. "Get us to the shore, please. I'm going to piss myself. Oh shit, I'm going to piss myself."

I had barely started turning when it happened. She cursed, bent through her knees, squeezed herself as tightly as she could, and then I heard the spattering of water on the deck. She was completely losing control, pee bursting from between her fingers, and her curses were replaced by a deep sigh of relief. She was sitting on her knees now, pee still pouring out of her. The girl had quite the capacity, I couldn't help but think.

We joked about it on the way back to her parents. We joke about it occasionally, still. We're still friends. Later she told me she was always a little irresponsible with her bladder, and even that she knew she should have asked me not to bring the beer, but I had just seemed so eager...

Yeah, I had been eager. And to this day, I don't dare tell her why.

*003*2018-12-28 19:18

{{18 hours ago, AliasnameTO said:

"My Bad Writing"

Fishing for compliments? Lol, you and I both know you write with flair and finesse. It was actually a little on the overly artistic side to me at times, but I loved it. Hannah sounds like a riot to party with or relax around. I'd really like a sequel.

}}

I surely hope I don't get those—otherwise, that'll make any praise on the work I do put effort into quite worthless.

About being overly artistic, it'd be great if you could give some examples. Do you mean the descriptions being vaguer and more hand-wavy? I definitely do that, I admit, I've still got to nail down giving a proper description that isn't at the same time extremely long.

We'll see about the sequel.

EDIT: Er, oops, looks like ctrl+enter is a non-cancellable shortcut to "Post". Actual story coming in a an hour or two when I finish it. Here's a teaser for now.

###

In the last five years, there were two things that changed my sex life: virtual reality and Facebook. Not Facebook the website, I don't mean those photos my high school crush posted of her at the beach. Facebook the company, Facebook the infinite vault of personal data.

It started with a startup called OffMyChest. The idea, was... I can't even tell about it without cringing. The idea was that they would use the data Facebook has to create a virtual reality copy of your friends and let you talk to them. You could tell them whatever you wanted to and see how they would react. Coming out of the closet? Confessing your love? Admitting you cheated? Try it out in VR so you can get it right, and doing it in real life will be a breeze!

To nobody's surprise, it didn't work. The simulations weren't quite accurate enough, sometimes just enough to ask a question you didn't expect, but sometimes giving the opposite reaction entirely. Getting rejected felt quite a lot worse when you'd spent the last week with the (virtual) girl of your dreams. Dejected, you were left wondering whether it would make you feel better or worse to load up the game and watch her play with her nipples one last time...

Oh, had I not mentioned they had nailed the sexual behaviour patterns? Apparently, some guy on the team had added it in as a... joke? He wanted to use it to wank, and couldn't find a way to implement it without putting it in the main program, if you ask me. It was a minor media scandal, a big commercial success, and the discussion of whether to fire him lasted all of two months, at which point Tinder bought the whole company. By then, any pretence it wasn't an app to see people naked was pretty much gone.

And so here I was, reclining on the couch with a VR headset and a controller. In the virtual world, I was sitting on a significantly more expensive sofa next to a fireplace. The room was dark, the Dali paintings on the walls barely visible. The floors were hardwood, specifically designed to catch the sound of dripping water. A rack to the side held dusty wine bottles.

The first girl to come in was on the shorter side. Hair in a ponytail, gym outfit. For whatever reason, I got the feeling she would be into horse-riding, though I'm not quite sure why. Cute, but not really what I was in the mood for right now. I shook my head, and she left with a smile. I didn't know her, by the way: pairings were chosen amongst all users, not just amongst friends. I'd already been through all the friends I had any interest in, more than once.

The next girl was in a short skirt and a tank top, blond hair past her shoulders. I knew I would love seeing her bladder bulge, but I would hate the way she laughed. Another shake of my head, and she too was gone.

Next came a freckled girl in jeans and a t-shirt, lugging with her a backpack. If we were still on the old Tinder, she'd have had a photo of herself on some mountain. I considered asking her to sit with me and tell of a time she had to go bad in the wild, but I decided against it. I wanted something more... intimate today.

The girls kept coming and going. They all had a slight tenseness in common: the premium version of the app let you apply some changes to the person before they came in, and I used that to make each drink at least a few glasses of water and then sit around for some time. It took a little tweaking: at first, there were girls who would come in with their pants already a little wet, but I had managed to get it working reasonably well now. They all looked the slightest bit concerned, but not quite desperate yet. I liked to take my time.

My rejections were getting faster when she came in. I didn't know her. In all honesty, I probably wouldn't want to know her, and I definitely didn't want her to know what I'd be doing with her. She wore devil horns on her head, a leather corset, and a black skirt that reached just a little past her knees. The corset was clearly something my setup hadn't taken into account: she was already tapping her foot as she waited for my decision. Needless to say, I grinned, nodding.

"Clara," she introduced herself, "Look, I'd love to sit and chat, but I'm really bursting for the loo. Could you come help me with my corset?"

I know she wouldn't really have said that. The real Clara would probably have just left and looked for a bathroom. Or maybe not—who am I to say how these algorithms work. This Clara, however, was hard-wired to want to please me, to basically act as if she had a massive crush on me. Not a fundamental change of personality, just a little focus where otherwise there would be none. I had to be careful, I could potentially scare her off.

"Won't you have a glass of wine?" I asked, motioning for her to sit next to me. She was a wine kind of girl, I could tell. (Sometimes, I wonder if information like that was beamed into my mind somehow. They didn't officially have the technology, but it was a common rumour, like that thing about them using the microphone on your phone to figure out what ads to show you. Or maybe they just knew how I thought and gave me the right imagery for me to draw the link.)

"Just one, okay?" she responded and sat next to me. She smiled, shyly: if she had been a real girl, I would have put my arm around her then, maybe even pulled her in for a kiss. I couldn't, though. Pressing a button I selected a wine bottle from the rack and summoned it towards me, mumbling accio absentmindedly.

"To our machine overlords," I said and we drank on it. Clara was having a lot more trouble now that she was sitting: her bladder was trapped, and she had moved all the way to the end of her seat.

"The wine is from '83," I said, watching her take a rather larger gulp than would be polite. For a moment, I thought she might spit it out again, but she just took a slower sip.

"It's wonderful," she commented.

"Let me top you up."

"No, please..."

"Nonsense, nonsense," I poured her glass full. She took a small sip again, trying to keep up the pretence of appraising it, and then a considerably larger gulp.

"I'm sorry, I really have to pee, could we please have the wine later?" she asked, one hand fumbling around her crotch area, trying to find some way to make her corset dig in less deeply.

"Very well," I relented. Little point in making her hold it until she peed right where she was, though that would be fun, too.

Clara stood up as soon as I said the word, looking where to place her unfinished wine, taking another long sip from it as she looked for a coffee table. Her other hand was under her skirt now, pressing tight on her pee-hole. It was a sudden change from her old disposition.

"Where is the lavatory?" she asked, finally just putting the wineglass on the floor and bouncing slightly on the spot. She was chewing her lip, looking around as if worried someone else would see.

I let her lead the way. Twice I thought she would not make it: she would stop, cursing, cross her legs or squat down, breathe. Finally, I gave in and let us reach the bathroom.

"Help with my corset, please," she begged, turning her back to me.

"Are you sure you'll make it?" I wondered out loud, tugging at a string at random. It seemed to only tighten the thing, making Clara gasp out.

"No! Please, be careful."

"Are your panties still dry?"

"What kind of question is that?"

"Humour me," I said, "Or else..."

I gave the corset another slight tug.

"Oh, you bastard!" she said, moaning, "Well they're not any more..."

I undid the string somewhat.

"Will you show me?"

"My panties?"

"Yes."

"You've got a weird fetish, mister."

"And you came to me because you were hoping that maybe I'd fuck you, so what does that make you?"

"Touché. Will you? I don't know why, but something about you..."

"We'll see. No harm in me seeing your panties, is there?"

She turned and started to lift her skirt, but stopped, her hands buried between her legs again.

"I'm sorry. I don't mind, but I won't be able to hold it..."

Her movements were getting more and more frantic. She had two hands in her crotch now and was bent over so far that I could look entirely down her dress. Perhaps the creators had designed that intentionally, though I didn't expect my use-case to be a common one.

"Please, please, just help me take it off!" she begged again, snapping me out of my reverie. I reached out and pulled on a string again...

I guess the added pressure was just too much. She gasped and bent over again, turning to face me. On screen, she put her hands on my shoulders, though unfortunately the technology couldn't actually let me feel this. The hissing sound started as I thought about this and I had a great view as a stream of pee burst from under her skirt and onto the floor. She was panting and crying, no longer at all in control, and all the while she kept peeing.

I tipped the girl two bucks before going online. Anonymously, of course. That was the world in a nutshell these days: objectifying, dehumanising, but most of all, mutually beneficial.

###

This story was actually a lot more painful to write than the last one, and I think it shows. Well, see above.

The people are loosely based on what actually came up on my Tinder feed while I was writing.

*005*2018-12-28 21:37

Ah, yeah, I see what you mean. To be honest, I'm not sure. It feels wrong to not specify the characters at all (I do that too much with the narrator, anyway), but at the same time I don't want to info-dump. I think the drunkard line would have better been removed, and the rest was kind of fitting? Thanks for pointing it out, in any case.

*007*2019-01-02 22:34

A drabble, for the sake of writing something.

###

This happened a few years ago, back when I played WoW. I was chatting to someone back then, not really a friend or a girlfriend, but... A sexting partner, if you must be vulgar about it. Her name was Tessa and we were both young and horny and too socially awkward to go out and meet someone who fit us better.

Tessa knew of my fetish. She didn't share it, but she did like being controlled, and she found being forced to drink or hold more than hot enough to make up for the discomfort. I'd tell her how much to drink and we would video chat, I'd get off on her wiggling around and she'd get off on being denied and watching me get off. It was quite the win-win arrangement, and I wish it was easier to find people open to this online.

I was just getting into WoW again then, and to be honest, I was becoming addicted. I think she knew it was just a matter of time before I abandoned her for the game, and she wondered if she couldn't come along. We logged on to MSN Messenger at the usual time. The conversation was roughly like this...

Ranpa: hey

Tessa: hi hi

Tessa: i drank an extra bottle at school today

Tessa: i wasnt going to but i was thinking of you

Ranpa: aww

Ranpa: did it cause any... problems?

Tessa: a little :$

Tessa: i wanted to come here and ask you if i could go

Tessa: but i was biking home

Tessa: and i was worried i wouldnt make it inside...

Tessa: so i peed in the bushes on the way :$

Ranpa: you're hot

Ranpa: but you're not getting away with just that

Tessa: i had an idea actually

Ranpa: make yourself a pitcher of lemonade

Ranpa: oh, what idea?

Tessa: yes master

Tessa: i thought we could play wow together

Tessa: i downloaded it this morning

Ranpa: sure

She didn't ask whether she still had to get that lemonade, and to be honest, I had kind of forgotten about it. While the game was installing she described her last period at school in more detail, as well as how it felt to go in the bushes in broad daylight, but I had already logged in and was thinking of whether I wanted to roll a new character, or help her with my existing, and whether I should roll something and travel to another starting zone...

Finally, everything was ready. She was a gnome wizard, I was a dwarf paladin, and we set out to complete the basic starting quests. I told her about the lore in the meantime, about where we were and what it meant and how cool it was to be in this world. She found the mechanics a bit simple, to tell the truth, but I think she enjoyed doing something together. Then, she asked a strange question.

Tessa: can i pause the game somehow?

Ranpa: it's a whole world! you can't pause it just for yourself

She later said she knew that, but was hoping I'd take the hint.

Tessa: but i need a break

Tessa: that pitcher of lemonade is all empty....

Ranpa: and you need to refill it?

Tessa: well, that too...

Tessa: i need to pee

Ranpa: shhh, this is normal chat

Ranpa: whisper if you want to say things like that

Ranpa: start your message with /w ranpa

[w] tessa: but can i go pee?

[w] ranpa: well, do you see anywhere you could go?

We were still in Coldridge Valley. Objectively, the place was entirely safe. Half the mobs didn't aggro until you hit them, and I could take any of them out before they were a problem, anyway. But, well, neither of us cared about that.

[w] tessa: there's some bushes there...

[w] tessa: do you need to pee in this game?

[w] ranpa: no, so you'll just have to hold it

[w] tessa: not sure how long i can tbh :$

[w] tessa: my bladder is still a bit sore from earlier :$

[w] ranpa: well, tell me when you see a safe spot

[w] ranpa: what if a wolf attacks you in those bushes?

[w] ranpa: let's do some more quests and then head back to base

If we were playing a shooter, I'd probably be noticing her aim get worse and worse as time progressed. With WoW, especially that era WoW at the lowest levels... Well, there just wasn't all that much to do to really get worse at it. Still, I got a bit of the feeling she might be doing less than great.

[w] tessa: ranpa

[w] tessa: damn

[w] tessa: lets go to town

[w] tessa: ranpa plase

[w] tessa: please master i mean

We'd been playing for about an hour now, and with all that lemonade inside her, I could imagine she was struggling. I don't know why we didn't audio chat, it would have been a good deal more... interesting. Still, at least this way I had logs to read back later.

[w] tessa: ranpa!

[w] tessa: please i just leaked

[w] ranpa: let's go back to anvilmar, you can go there

[w] tessa: what if i cant hold it??

[w] tessa: damn

[w] tessa: my jeans are a little wet

[w] tessa: want to go on video?

[w] ranpa: let's finish this quest first

[w] tessa: i cant wait that long!

[w] ranpa: you can if you know what's good for you

[w] tessa: okay master

[w] tessa: may i hold myself?

[w] ranpa: go ahead

[w] tessa: thank you master

[w] tessa: damn damn damn pls hurry

We headed back directly. We did attract a few mobs underway, but Tessa paid no heed when I tried to stop to fight them, and I ran on. She later told me she was leaking regularly by that point. It would have been one hell of a show if I was there to see it. Soon enough, we were there.

[w] ranpa: let's hand in the quests and you can go

[w] tessa: please lets video

[w] tessa: damn

[w] tessa: damn damn damn

She was wetting herself. She logged off, and later told me all about it over chat, and it was hot and great. Not as good as it would have been to see first hand, but it's still a memory I cherish. She told me how the need had crept up on her while she played, not used to being so immersed in a game, and how she had tried to hold on to the last second because she wanted to wet on video for me.

She never asked me why I was so focused on the quests, although I think she suspected. It wasn't her kind of game, and at some point, she gave up on saying hi.

###

The large-scale narrative is, sadly, true. I never thought of getting her into the game, though, and that was that.

Amazingly, even after all these years, just writing this makes me want to play again. Kids, don't do drugs. Not even once for a few months.

Also, kids, what are you doing on an 18+ website? Shoo.

*009*2019-01-06 22:32

Leaving the gender ambiguous here, though sexual preference is towards girls.

###

It's 22:17 when I write this. I'll get up at 7 tomorrow and go to work, and I promised myself I'd turn off my computer at 21:00 so that I'd have plenty of time to wind down and get to sleep. Read that book that I'd been meaning to read. Think about my life. Try not to think about my life. Instead, I'm sitting here and writing this because I don't have the willpower to go without watching people bursting to pee for a day, and writing this kind of counts for that to my head. My head is strange, though you've probably figured that out by now.

My life isn't bad. I've got a full-time job that pays better than I deserve, and I've got friends back at university who I can always chat with. They're a thousand kilometres away, but that's not a big time zone difference, so what gives? I've got lots of time in the weekends, too. All the time in the world, and I'm the kind of person who can't sit around, I wouldn't be able to live with myself if I sat around, after all. I went for a walk today and caught a bunch of Pokémon. My mind says that that means I spent the whole day playing video games, but that's not really true. Is it?

What's wrong with video games, anyway? Why shouldn't I play them? Chess is ancient, and playing chess is worthwhile—why can't I find a single video game where dedicating a few hours of my life would feel as worthwhile as it would be if I spent that time studying chess? Not to mention, sports are games too, so why is moving around with a ball good and walking around with a mobile phone bad? Why can't I use them to meet new friends? For that matter, what is wrong with me that I can't meet new friends?

(There's this irony in making friends online, in that they probably aren't going to be any closer than the friends you already have but are physically separated from, so it makes little sense. Maybe friends you make online are optimised for online-friendship and so provide more value? I don't know.)

Anyway, you didn't come here to hear me complain about my life. There's a streamer I found on Twitch who has to pee once in a while. She's been linked to from this forum, but I'd rather not name her. I looked through her videos to find the points where she has to pee, and then watched those bits, trying to see if I could tell from her body language. With her, sometimes I can, sometimes I can't. You would think, with all the omorashi content available online, there must be something better to watch. Surely the porn industry, even the relatively small omorashi porn industry, could produce higher quality than a streamer who was mostly only visible from the waist up?

You would think that if that's enough for me, I could go to a bar and socialise a bit and hear girls tell me they have to pee entirely au naturel, maybe solving my other problems. Why does this idea not appeal to me in the least? Is it that I can't rewind a few minutes and see if I can notice anything, when things happen like that? Is my mind that screwed up? Or is the idea of going out there just scary enough to balance out any benefit I might imagine?

(I've got plenty of fantasies involving real people, with me playing an active role. When I started with Pokémon Go, I was imagining going out with a group of people and catching Pokémon together, and maybe someone would need to go... The problem with the fantasy was that I never found anyone to play together with. There's a Discord group for trainers in my area, and I've been considering joining, but with a fantasy like that—even if they don't know me—aren't I being a creep?)

The weird thing is that except for the guilt of not doing anything, I'm fine. I love my work, and for five days a week, not doing anything isn't even true. I'm reasonably happy with my body, happier than I'd been in ages, though still too self-conscious to dare go to a gym. Heck, I have the money that it feels like I should be able to buy happiness—I certainly don't know what else to spend it on.

I'm sorry, was this not what you were looking for? You wanted something to turn you on? You wanted here—the one place I can talk about my fetish openly—to be a place I don't seriously discuss my feelings on the matter?

(Yeah, fair enough, the above really hasn't got much to do with the fetish, though damn it makes it more awkward to get into a relationship. I think I just associate it with it because it's so central to my life. Also, because this is one of the few places I'm anonymous, so I can actually get all this off my chest. Fine, here's a story for you.)

Back when I went out to catch Pokémon, I was feeling... adventurous. I'd had a bunch to drink throughout the morning, and I knew that I should really wait a bit and pee one more time before I went out. Instead, I poured myself an extra glass. It would get me nice and full, I thought, but probably not so full I'd have to use a public bathroom.

If you've never played Pokémon Go: the game is set up in a way that the Pokémon spawn mostly where there are people, and so it tends to pay to walk along busier roots. I wish it was the other way around, that you would be rewarded for going where no man had gone before, but maybe that's something best kept for special events. As things are, the more publicly you show how much of a dweeb you are, the more the game will reward you.

I was about forty minutes in when I realised that standing still to catch a Pokémon was becoming a little bit hard. If walking around to find magical pets wasn't enough to make me look like a little kid, shuffling around like I was too busy with my game to just go pee completed the image. I did mention I'm a full grown adult with a job, right? I don't even look young any more. Just really, really immature.

For about half an hour, I kept telling myself I had the situation under control. Okay, I sometimes had to cross my legs, and at some point I had to sit down on a bench and take a little while to get it together and not pee my pants. That was more or less the moment I admitted the situation was, possibly, getting a bit out of hand.

My phone buzzed. There was a Ghastly nearby. Priorities? I don't know what you're talking about. I caught it. I held myself with my other hand to not have an accident, but at least I was distracted, which made it... better? Look, honestly, I'm not trying to excuse it. It was really stupid of me. I stood up and leaked, just a little.

I knew I wasn't going to make it anywhere, but it being broad daylight and me wearing jeans, I really didn't want to wet myself completely. Normally, I really condone that kind of thing, but it was an emergency and the only relevant thing I saw when I looked around were a bunch of dumpsters and I'd seen videos of people peeing behind those...

So, yeah. I had to pee behind a dumpster, completely sober, on a Sunday afternoon. I feel like there should be some way to tie that back to what I was saying earlier, but honestly, I don't know. Maybe, just to repeat... What is wrong with me?

*011*2019-01-07 21:59

Thanks.

###

"The convention was packed with people, the place slightly dim, like a bedroom illuminated by a single screen. When you were looking at the screen, it didn't feel dark at all, but no outside observer would have called it bright. Like a hallucinogenic party, it was a place of light and excitement for those who were partaking, and a morbid gathering of not-quite-there people enjoying"

I stopped writing. I had promised myself to write something in third person for once, but this just wasn't working. I'd been staring at the screen for half an hour now, and this was the best I could come up with. It's not like I hadn't had a good idea: there were two sisters, Viola and Lyra. They were good friends... I decided to try again.

"Viola and Lyra were sisters, born two years apart, and hard to separate since then. While other girls played with toys and... whatever... Lyra and Viola spent their time on the couch, playing video games."

This was terrible! I stopped writing again, if that wasn't clear. The sentences just weren't coming out the way they were supposed to: they were all jagged and stilted and ugh. This was why I made this thread, of course, so I could write sentences that you could grate cheese with and not feel guilty about it, but damn, I still had some pride!

Why couldn't I just tell a proper story about two sisters who have always liked video games and now, having grown up and almost finished college, finally had the money to go to a convention? Tell about their excitement to be there, the way they went from stall to stall? How their eyes bulged from excitement, each pointing out things to the other? Why, for that matter, is it so much easier to write in questions?

I attempted to start again. Maybe I had to approach this systematically. Break down the large-scale structure of the story, come up with the scenes, write it out. Maybe I just couldn't put it into words because I didn't know where it was going. I knew roughly what I wanted: they would get to the convention, play some games, have a few drinks, get into a game particularly much, and then be a little late in heading to the bathrooms. Not that hard a thing to tell about, I would have thought. In fact, given that's exactly what I had done, I could be sure I'm capable of it. Except, you know, it would be nice if the description was sufficient to be of interest to anyone.

As an aside, I'm not sure why I'm writing this in past tense. It's bloody inconvenient, and doesn't fit where I'm going with it. My apologies for the half-way change, but I'll go back to editing this story once I edit the story inside it.

It could just be because my fantasies don't work in a serial way. I don't imagine a girl having a lot to drink, and then going somewhere and getting desperate, and finally not making it. I imagine her desperate—then think of what she must have drunk—then her regretting it as she hurried—then maybe when she first noticed she might have to go—and then the wetting—then back to the desperation, more and more desperation—and then a different wetting, in a different place—and then how her friend actually had to go too—how they actually drank together—and the wetting of the friend—but I'm not in the mood for another wetting, let the friend pee in the bushes—then them talking about how bad they have to go, back when they both still think they'll make it.

That's not a story, not even a storyline: maybe a storytree, if you're generous. A random sampling from a space of story possibilities with a few parameters fixed, a glimpse of what could be. The consistency is only there as long as it makes it better: if one moment I think it would be hot for them to try to prove to each other that they've got the stronger bladder, and the next I decide that it's better if they're too shy to let anyone know they have to go, well, suddenly that whole drinking scene never happened. What did happen? Well, I'm sure my mind will supply it when I'm out of ideas for the desperation scenes, and I have a suspicion it'll overturn half the plotline again. That's a good thing, when it's all just in my head: I definitely don't mind revisiting Viola as she wonders whether it might be time to find the bathroom, or Lyra posing with the guy dressed as Deadpool and wondering whether he can tell she's fidgeting.

Maybe, to be honest, it's just because most of the things I come up with, they're not even hot to me, when I put them into words. "Too shy to go?" Meh, yeah right. "Competing who can hold longer?" Uh-uh, and then they'll arrive at my door and tell me how happy they are to see me. "Just distracted by games?" Well... It could happen. I always hold it until I'm bursting when I'm playing, just because I don't notice anything. But there is one moment of hotness in that idea, one moment that I cannot grasp with words. I can tell you about how Viola squirmed and clenched her thighs, how she wished she could sit down and press the controller into her crotch as she always did at home, but... There, did you catch it? It was in there somewhere, that moment. I can't carry it over, though.

I guess the only part I can really tell about properly is the one that actually happened. It was closer to the evening. Viola and Lyra had started on the butterbeer, Harry Potter fans that they were. They were both only tipsy, but they liked to play it up, to blame on the alcohol any silliness they wanted to indulge in. They were playing Super Smash Bros at a stand, rather more loudly than necessary. Focused on the game as they were, it was up to the onlookers to notice just how much both girls looked like they needed a wee. Viola was standing mostly still, leaning over forwards just a little, but her bum was rapidly wiggling left and right, just slightly enough for the experienced eye to notice. Lyra was crossing and uncrossing her legs, her controller alternating between being pressed to her breasts and held up to her bladder. Neither was even considering asking for a break.

It happened to Lyra first. She failed a jump, her character fell down, and she exclaimed in frustration. Her hand, free from the controller for a moment, grabbed her crotch and her eyes went wide. "Fuck," she said, realising what was going to happen, but much too late to stop it. "Fuck," she repeated, and felt her hand grow warm, her bladder emptying full-force into her Link costume.

It took Viola another second to realise what was happening. Truth be told, she likely would have made it to the bathroom if she had been alone, but the giggle that she gave when she saw her sister wet herself kept going, then turned into a laugh, and in a minute she too was spurting into her underwear. She tried to bring it under control—it happened all too often that she leaked when laughing, she could hold it—and then she couldn't anymore and she too was peeing, blushing, trying to disappear through the floor. With her Zelda dress, a little leak wouldn't have been noticeable, but she was leaving a puddle, and the front of her dress was drenched from when she tried to give herself a quick squeeze.

Well, I guess that will do for the ending. I wonder how they got so desperate, though?

*012*2019-01-10 22:05

Hey, to bring you something different: Ranpalan and I are kind of... seeing each other, sometimes, and I... uhm, I kind of like it when he tells me what to do. Blush. And he asked me to write about what happened last week, when we went out together, and I'm really not good with words, so he said he wouldn't let me pee until I was done.

Okay, let me just make this clear: I. Am. Not. Good. With. Words. You have been warned. I've been staring at this screen for half an hour now before I even got this far. And Ranpa has been bringing me tea, so I'm a little worried about how this is going to go and oh god I really should start writing now, shouldn't I?

(He just asked me if I already have to pee. Yes, I do. It's not like you warned me beforehand when you made me do this, and if I keep drinking then things can get very bad very quickly. I'm going to get back to writing now, if you don't mind.)

So, last week, we went to see a band together. It was a rock band performing in an alternative-ish place, quite small, really. I'm a fan of small performances like that, even if the bands aren't very well known (and, well, duh, or they wouldn't be playing like that). I dressed up a little fancy, dark denim skirt, a fake leather jacket, put in my barbed earrings. To be honest, I wasn't sure inviting Ranpa along was even a good idea, though I'm sure he was happy that he came in the end.

When we arrived, the band was just setting up and Ranpa bought me a beer. I'm not a big drinker, but it just felt like the kind of thing that would be right, you know? Rock band, biker guys sitting at the bar. I was really happy not to be alone now, by the way. I drank my beer and we chatted, and even got talking to some other students who were also there for the band. The owner probably hadn't expected so many people to show up, it was getting quite crowded, and warm, too. Ranpa got me another beer, so I gave him a look, you know, "You're just doing this so you can see me squirm," and he gave me a look, like, "Yes. Duh."

(We just had much the same exchange now, actually. I need to pee. Fuck, I shouldn't have spent so much time thinking of how to start. I don't want him to notice, but I'd really like to just hold myself now. He's not looking right now, so I just grabbed myself quickly and it's helping, but I think he's going to turn around soon. Also, typing with one hand sucks.)

I was going to pee before the performance started, but Ranpa had given me a hug and whispered "no," so that wasn't an option. Someone had gotten our whole group a round of drinks, so I was working on my third beer, and did I mention I'm not very good with alcohol? I was getting giggly, and during the first song I leaned in and kissed him on the cheek, and then the neck, and he kind of gently pushed me away and told me to wait until home, or he'd make me wait until home. At first I didn't get it and it just sounded funny, but then I realised what he meant, and honestly, I thought he might do that. I was shifting from foot to foot now, wishing I could sit down. He could tell, the git, and he put his hand on my ass, and then turned me around and pressed me against him. I almost leaked from the pressure, but then I pretended I was going to start kissing him again and he let me go. It was still getting worse, though.

(Speaking of leaking, I think I might have, uhm, you know... I'm still not holding myself, but I'm sure he's noticed from my shuffling that I really do have to go. He's totally enjoying this, the jerk. Love you, Ranpa.)

He let me go then. He's nice like that: he knew I wouldn't be able to enjoy the band if he hadn't. There wasn't a line or anything, and it felt good to let go, but I knew that I'd have to go again quickly. The band was about half-way through their performance by then, though, and I could probably hold that long. Even with that fourth beer Ranpa got me, which was just not a good idea in the first place.

(Just like this new cup of tea. I. Am. Full! If you want me to write something good, don't make me drink so much!)

The rest of the performance was a lot of fun, and I mostly just noticed the alcohol loosening me up. Everything was hilarious, I kept trying to kiss Ranpa and he was getting embarrassed and that was fun. Long story short, though, by the end, I kind of needed to pee. It wasn't as bad as the last time, not yet, but I was starting to shift around a bit and I think the beers must have been doing something as well because I got really whiny and kept pouting and asking if I could go and he clearly didn't want people to see that.

(Fuck fuck fuck I leaked a lot just now sorry writing is hard.)

We went out onto the street and we started heading to the bus stop, but I knew I couldn't hold it the whole ride home, even if it wasn't bad yet, and I kept thinking I could pee in some bushes no no fuck

Sorry guys, I, uhm, didn't make it. Blush. We're a bit busy now, maybe I can write the rest later.

*015*2019-01-11 22:00

Thanks I think that was the first time I wrote from a first-point female perspective in a story. It sounded way too cheese for my taste, though it's roughly based on things I could imagine ex-girlfriends doing.

###

She'd been holding it all evening. It wasn't even quite dark outside when she first noticed it, but she didn't want to go. She was sitting there, occasionally sipping wine. She was talking to friends, the mood was so good, so comfortable. Even her bladder was comfortable, lying like a bean bag in her abdomen. Her sweatpants let it take all the space it wanted, and hell, she was in no hurry. She was just so, so relaxed.

They passed her a guitar and she played. The drumming of her fingers, it thrummed against her bladder, but what did she mind? She sang as she played, she smiled and caught their eyes. A few songs more and she would have to go, but for now—bliss. She sat on the tip of the sofa now, bent over just a little to help hold. She couldn't press the guitar between her legs, not quite the way she wanted to, and that was a shame, but that didn't mean she didn't love it. She just really did have to pee.

"Sorry, guys, but I'm bursting for a wee," she said when the song was done. She stood, handed the guitar over to someone else. She made it to the door before her hand found her crotch, two steps more before she felt the leak. She knew what was going on, but she didn't want to understand. She stopped, stood; she was peeing.

Mortified, still peeing, she leaned on the wall.
