My Bad Writing

Author: Ranpalan

*017*2019-01-12 23:37

It is interesting, to me at least, that despite the numerous stories I have written, I have never put to writing my fantasies—nor, really, noticed this omission, at least until now, nor felt the slightest need to correct it. The story I wrote recently touched upon my fantasies but it focused primarily on what they were not. As much as I tried to give an example, it was a description of the fantasy, not the fantasy itself. Not that a fantasy can be put down on paper, not entirely, but I can do a better job. The first one is what I thought a day or two ago, when I was going to sleep.

First, a prelude. I'm not sure how much of this is part of the fantasy, and how much is just what I already know. Eve is a girl I know. She is, I think, the kind of 'fat nerdy girl with ugly glasses' that some people look down on. I have to admit, when I first got to know her, I felt she might be somewhat dumb—and she is definitely quite overweight, and she's proud of being a nerd, and I think her glasses aren't very stylish. She has a slightly nasal voice, which fits the image entirely. I don't care. I don't love her, not by any stretch, but I can see her as attractive.

I imagine us dating. Cuddling up, her face close to mine, one sitting on the other's lap. I imagine her playing a video game while I do something else. She's been playing for a while and clearly has to pee. I joke about how bad it is and she jokes back that it's too bad for joking. I watch her squirm, maybe give her a hug, maybe a slight poke. She gets up to run to the bathroom. I pull her into a hug, and she reciprocates while barely able to stand still, then bends over. She's peeing herself.

That's it. No long descriptions in my fantasies. That's not because they're visual or tactile—they are, but that's not the point. The image of her bobbing up and down as she tries not to pee herself only lasts a second or two. Her peeing herself isn't even animated, if that makes sense: on the contrary, I see her freeze as it happens. How can something be hot when nothing is happening? Maybe I can hear her voice saying "oh shit", but I'm not sure. I can't even properly recall the fantasy, and for some reason, I can't imagine what I'd truly like.

###

End of part 1. I had more ideas but it's late now, so this is to be continued.

*018*2019-01-14 23:06

I just had the weirdest experience.

Jacquelyn, friend of mine, she had started seeing a guy recently. We've been friends since high school, and the guy looked nice enough, so I mentioned it could be fun to hang out together sometime and soon enough she invited me to a kind of game night they were having. She warned me that they usually played drinking games, and I told her I didn't mind at all, she knew I didn't mind a drink. It didn't seem like quite her thing, though, and I guess I should have picked up then that something was up.

We met up at her place. Apart from Jacquelyn and her boyfriend—Jake, he introduced himself—there was another girl, Penny. She was wearing a cute dress, bright blue, and had two ponytails. She had a handbag with a picture of a pink-haired girl with a red ribbon, drawn in an anime style. I'll be honest, if she didn't have... if she wasn't so well-endowed, I'd have thought she was a little kid. She was drinking a milkshake through a straw when I came in, as if we were at a fucking Starbucks or something. I can't explain it, but something about her felt off.

Jacquelyn wasn't making me feel any more comfortable about the situation. She was in denim overalls I didn't even know she had, and was drinking a huge cup of tea. I know, there's nothing wrong with any of that, but it just wasn't like her! She always complained that tea made her pee every five minutes, and she was a skirts kind of girl. I was the opposite, I loved the feeling of tight jeans pressing up against me. I was a pretty big tea drinker, too, so I didn't say no when her boyfriend offered me a cup.

"We'll be playing Clank!, if you know it," he said, "But with a bit of a drinking twist. We call it Gulp!."

It sounded good to me. In case you don't know it, Clank! is a combination of a boardgame and a deck-building game. You have a character who moves around a dungeon, and you have a bunch of cards that let you perform special abilities. In the original, while you played you sometimes had Clank! events, which meant your character made a loud noise and got just a little closer to waking up the dragon. In this version, you also had to take a big drink from your glass.

"Okay, finish up your drinks everyone and let's roll for bathroom order," Jacquelyn's boyfriend said. His role didn't seem to be part of the original game: he was playing as the dragon, in one sense or another.

"Bathroom order?" I asked. The other two hadn't even batted an eye!

"Before the game, you can go to the bathroom. It makes sense if the player who has the first turn also goes to the bathroom first, that way it's more fair. We're still balancing this bit, maybe it would be fairer to require him or her to also drink some amount," the boyfriend explained.

"Why does it matter?" I asked, though I was pretty sure I knew the answer. Jacquelyn hadn't warned me about this, I shot her a glance, but she didn't respond.

"During the game, you can only go to the bathroom if you use a special power, or if you get back out of the dungeon," her boyfriend explained, "It's part of what makes this version better."

"Don't be a spoilsport, Mel," said Jacquelyn to me, "You've always been able to hold it longest, anyway, it's not like you'll even notice it."

It was, to some extent, true. When we went out clubbing, I was least often the one to have to squat in an alleyway, although I've had my close calls. More than once, I only made it because the alcohol assured me nobody would mind me unbuttoning my jeans, taking off just a bit of that pressure. Besides, if I'd known this, I would have been a bit less eager with the tea...

Still, I wasn't the kind to quit, not before even starting. "Oh sure," I said, "Been a while since I saw you in wet pants, anyway."

Her boyfriend shot Jacquelyn an interested glance, but neither said anything. We rolled. Jacquelyn could pee first, then me, and then Penny. I didn't really have to go, but I could tell the tea was going to hit me later. Or sooner, if alcohol was involved, I corrected myself.

The first half an hour was a lot of fun. We were drinking beer, taking big swigs of it each time we got a Clank! effect, and laughing about the whole thing. I think the whole idea would have worked pretty well, and I suspect that someone playing as the dragon really did make the game better. The bastard was only doing it to give himself authority over the game, that was pretty obvious, but he didn't abuse it or favour any of us. He did come up with various ways of getting us to drink, but Penny and Jacquelyn seemed to not mind at all, so I didn't say anything either.

I could feel the beer, though, in more ways than one, and apparently so could the others. Jacquelyn was the first who brought it up.

"I wonder if I should go back to the surface, I'm definitely going to need to pee soon," she said.

"I was trying not to think of it!" whined Penny, "But I want some treasure first."

"What about you, Mel?" Jacquelyn asked.

"I'm fine," I lied. I'm not sure why. I could feel my jeans getting tighter, and with the dragon getting stronger, I thought we'd end up drinking more before we got up. Still, it didn't feel right to admit it.

Another twenty minutes passed. I'm not sure why, but my bladder was filling up at record speed, even taking into account how much I'd been drinking. The other two looked no better off, though, with Jacquelyn squirming around and Penny sometimes pressing a hand to her crotch. I thought she'd be more discreet about it, but it was almost like she was showing off how much she had to go.

"Mel, you sure you're still fine?" asked Jacquelyn, poking me in the stomach playfully.

"What's it to you?" I asked.

"Just curious..." she said, "You look a little uncomfortable. It's the first time you're playing, maybe you want a hint when it's a good time to head back out of the dungeon?"

The other two had already turned back, but I still wanted to get a bit further first. It wasn't a good idea: I knew that really, I was getting close to my limit, especially with my jeans buckled up, especially with a steady stream of beer still pumping into my system. But what's the worst that could happen? They'd dock my points and I'd go to the bathroom, or something like that. I could hold it a little longer, anyway.

Penny had one hand lodged between her legs now, and Jacquelyn was pacing around the room. They were both getting close to the exit, but it was taking a long time—to be honest, I knew I wouldn't make it out by then. Another two turns, and Penny was out. As she raced off to pee, I saw that the back of her dress had a small wet patch. I looked at Jacquelyn, wanting to whisper something about it, but stopped in my tracks.

Jacquelyn had taken a step out into the open, looking at the bathroom door, and was bobbing up and down. There were two thin streaks of pee down the sides of her legs. Her boyfriend was staring at her. I heard the toilet flush, and then there was a pitter-patter. I could hardly believe my eyes. Jacquelyn was wetting herself.

The bliss on her face almost made me run to the bathroom, but Penny was still in there, and I was a bit too stunned, anyway. Jacquelyn and her boyfriend cleaned up the puddle with surprising efficiency, and then she slipped into the bathroom just as Penny came out.

I focused on the game again. During the distraction I had unbuttoned my jeans, hiding it under my t-shirt. I could feel the zipper slipping down, and I hoped nobody would notice, though by now I didn't really care. Giving myself a quick squeeze when I thought nobody was looking, I felt a little wetness.

"Jacquelyn?" I called, "Are you going to be in there for long?"

The shower started to run.

"You've got to be fucking kidding me!" I exclaimed. She knew I had to pee! "There's no second bathroom, is there?"

The two shook their heads.

"Can you open it from the inside? I can pee while she showers," I asked, trying to think of something. It wouldn't have been the first time, truth be told.

"You're not out of the dungeon yet," Jacquelyn's boyfriend remarked.

"Fuck your dungeon!" I all but shouted, "I have to pee! I'm not going to make it out!"

"Well..." he said, looking at Penny for support.

"Do you have a bucket or something?" I asked. I was pacing around now, just as Jacquelyn had been, occasionally pressing my fingers into my crotch. The fucker was watching me intently, but didn't say anything.

"Fuck you!" I shouted. I looked around. We were in the living room, the kitchen was to the side...

I wasn't going to piss myself. I thought of telling the two not to look, but heck, it's not like they'd listen. Rushing to the kitchen, I pulled my pants down to my ankles. A spurt of pee burst out of me, but I managed to control the flow, then lifted myself onto their kitchen counter and let go into the sink. There were dishes, but I didn't care. That, fucking hell, I needed that.

I'm not sure what to do now. Jacquelyn tried to call me, to explain. I'm not sure what I'm afraid of: her telling me what I know is the truth, or her, my best fucking friend, lying to me for the sake of some piece-of-shit guy.

###

If you read this yesterday, you may have noticed I changed the ending. The previous one flowed better, but I couldn't leave it with a clean conscience.

*019*2019-04-21 00:00

This one is for @Weasel

. I promised it to him ages and ages ago and then real life got in the way, but here it is.

###

I don't like it when a girl holds her pee for me.

Okay, that's not entirely true. I like it when a girl holds her pee. I like it when she wants to please me. But when she's just holding it for the sake of pleasing me, even if she could go any moment? It's just not really my thing. I like there to be a real risk.

When Christine and I got together, we told each other about our fetishes pretty much right away. She liked to be slightly dominated---she wanted me to sometimes tell her to do this or do that, and I was all too happy to oblige. Mostly, I made her drink.

Not alcohol, she wasn't really into that. When she was at work, I told her to get that extra coffee before a meeting; when she went on a run, I told her to stay extra hydrated; when we went to the movies, I got her the biggest soda they offered. She handled it pretty well, really, and as her bladder proved itself equal to the task again and again, I started increasing the volume further and further.

She didn't actually mean to wet herself. She knew I'd love it, but she wasn't comfortable with that, not even in the privacy of the shower, never mind with a whole bunch of people. She was a little arrogant in that sense: she believed that however bad it got, she could handle it. Mind over matter, hand in crotch, a dribble doesn't count: she could make it.

The morning we went to the ren faire, I made her drink two cups of coffee and then a large bottle of water in the car, and honestly, I thought she'd be fine. She was wearing a long skirt and a jumper that day, and I could tell her stomach was a little more pronounced than usual from all the liquid. We kissed as we waited in line for the entrance, and she whispered "I've kind of got to pee, but let's walk around a bit first."

She did that kind of thing often. She knew her limits very well, and she liked to tease me with the idea that maybe at some point she would miscalculate: I think the satisfaction of turning out to be right gave her a bit of a kick, really. She'd put it off just a bit, just enough to make sure she was doing the slightest dance when she got to the bathroom. Just enough for me to give me a few chances to run a sneaking hand over her abdomen and feel the fullness.

We arrived at a good time: somewhat ahead of the crowd, and just in time to see the start of a procession of people in costume. Though renaissance in name, the event attracted people dressed up in all kinds of ways, and I was happy to stand with my arms wrapped around Christine's waist, pressed up closer and closer against the barrier as more people came to watch.

I knew how she showed desperation. A gentle up and down movement of the hips, her fingers sometimes pinching my hands, her bladder hardening.

"You alright, sweetheart?" I asked.

"Any idea how much longer this will be?" she replied.

I hadn't noticed until that point, but the end of the procession was in sight: a final carriage, modelled as a dragon, with the three horses pulling it dressed as if they were its heads. It didn't work all that well, to be honest, but Christine still wanted to see it, and I wasn't about to object. I could tell she was doing all she could to not grab herself then and there.

When it passed, we found ourselves following a slowly dispersing crowd away from the railing, looking around for signs of a bathroom. As it turned out, the sign most clearly visible was a long line of women. Christine groaned, and we joined at the end.

I think I knew then that something wasn't as usual. It's not that she looked more desperate than usual: in fact, it was something of the opposite. I'd seen her squirm around before, seen her hold herself and complain. Now she stood still, hands clenched in fists at her sides, legs pressed close together. The line moved, slowly. Christine stood chewing on her lip.

Panic filled her eyes and she grabbed herself with one hand, grabbing my hand with her other. She stood frozen and I thought she would lose it, but no: she stood back up and pulled me along, still holding herself, looking frantically at the tents. I'm sure that with the spectacle she was making we had no chance whatsoever of privacy, but I don't think the thought crossed her mind.

"I am never holding it again," she mumbled as she walked, and though the words stung, it wasn't the first (or the last) time she said them. The faire stands were all placed close together, with no room for her to sneak between and relieve herself. The bushes were all a little too thin and a little too visible.

Suddenly, she stopped and turned to me and I could tell it was too late. Her hands pulled at her skirt, straightening it out, pulling it away from her crotch now, and the hissing got louder and louder. She stepped forward and leaned on me, and I could tell she was crying, and I gave her a hug, and still she was peeing.

I don't know how we got away with that without so much as a fine. I bought her a new set of clothes and she changed in the bathroom, taking way too long and letting me see a few more girls squirm about while I waited. That's a story for another time, though---as are the times she has "misjudged" herself since. Those ones were intentional, I think, but this one was real.

###

The prompt was roughly "an intentional hold goes too far"; dunno if this counts, but hope you like it.

*021*2020-11-24 20:07

June and I met when I was out on a walk in the forest, sitting on a bench and reading some fantasy book or other. I had been so engrossed that I hadn't noticed the dog approaching me until it was sniffing my hand, and I was so startled I almost dropped my book. Regaining my composure, I looked around for the owner and found myself looking at a—rather cute—chubby twenty-something who was clearly trying not to laugh.

"Sorry, sorry," June said cheerfully, coming towards me, "Dick, stay! Good boy!"

"No need to be," I said, "May I pet him?"

And just like that, we were talking. Dick loved the attention I was giving him, and June was all too happy to tell about him—or, seemingly, to have a chance to talk to anyone at all. I was feeling the isolation just as bad, to be honest, and was happy to finally have someone to chat with.

"By the way, I never introduced myself," June said after we'd been talking for a good quarter of an hour, "I'm June. They/them."

"Oh," I said, "Ben. Uh. He/him, I guess."

"Nice to meet you," they said.

To be honest, I felt like I'd made an awful ass of myself, but June didn't seem to mind my awkwardness and—after a brief lull in the conversation while we turned back to Dick—we were talking lively again. June was wearing a jacket that hid their form well, and I did my best not to seem too curious. I think part of it was that my first thought on seeing them had been that they were cute, and... well, there wasn't anything rational to it, but the whole thing was making me curious.

We spoke for another half hour, talking of hobbies, before June said they had to be going. Somehow, the topic of staying in touch never came up, though I definitely kicked myself more than once for not asking for their number.

Our next meeting was just as coincidental: it wasn't even at the same bench, though I'd spent quite some time reading there in the hope of June coming by again. Later, they told me that they'd seen me but didn't know if I wanted them to intrude—June was a shy person, and it was only because this time I was the one to find them that we got talking again.

After that second meeting, though, our chats became a regular thing. Still most often unplanned, we'd run into each other and have long conversations about whatever was on our minds. I told them about all my favourite fantasy stories and my aspirations as a writer; they told me about the history they studied, and what it was like to be non-binary. In contrast to the mess that was 2020, my times with June were fascinating and care-free, and eventually couldn't help but admit to myself that I was falling for them.

I had no idea how to broach the subject. When we'd briefly talked about relationships, June hadn't mentioned having a partner, but had also been much less willing to discuss the matter than they had been with other subjects. It seemed insensitive to bring it up directly, and I was afraid it could ruin the dynamic we had now, but there was no way I wasn't giving this a shot.

I finally gathered the courage at the end of one of our walks. June always said they had to be going within an hour or two of us meeting, without much warning and with no timing I could understand. We'd be walking for a while and then, usually when we stopped for a little waiting for Dick, they'd mention that they had to head home. This time, June had clearly been waiting for me to finish telling about the story I was writing.

"Ben," they said, "Sorry, I'm getting tired. Can we continue this tomorrow?"

They were shifting from foot to foot the slightest bit, and their jeans, always a little tight on their rather round belly, seemed to be cutting into it slightly sharper than usual.

"Of course," I said, "By the way, would you be up for a... picnic?"

"Sure, yeah," they said. They had their legs pressed tightly against each other, shifting their hips side to side just the slightest bit. "Wait. Like a date?"

"Uh," I said, "Yeah, if you like?"

June seemed a little uncertain and for a moment, I thought I may have pushed things too far, but then they nodded and gave me a smile.

"Tomorrow," they said, "I've really got to go now, though!"

Just like that, they hurried away. Looking back at it, it was quite obvious what the matter was, but I hadn't even thought of it at the time, not even when, having walked quite a bit further, June stuck their hand between their legs and gave themselves a quick squeeze.

For the next day I packed some sandwiches and a bottle of wine. June showed up without Dick this time and was wearing a loose-fitting dress that reached down to their knees. Until then, we'd been keeping a reasonable distance between each other, and I felt my heart skip a beat when they came by to walk side by side with me. It skipped another when we got to the bench where we'd first met and sat together, so close our shoulders touched. It sounds silly when I write this, but this had been the closest I'd been to another person in six months.

I'm a terrible conversationalist. With all this on my mind, I brought up the isolation and how it was making me feel. June had fared no better, and though they seemed reluctant at first to start on the wine, with the topic as depressing as it was, we seemed to both need a glass, and then another.

"This is the closest I've been to someone since this all started," they admitted. We'd been sitting and talking for half an hour now, and what had started as an occasional brushing of shoulders now turned into them leaning against my side.

"Same," I said, "I know we're not supposed to, but..."

I gestured with my glass at the world in general, and then wrapped an arm around June's waist. They looked down shyly and then laid their hand on my lap.

"To us meeting," I proposed a toast, refilling our glasses with what was left of the wine. June was getting giggly, and having not drunk in weeks, I could feel the alcohol myself.

"To us meeting," they agreed, and we drank, "And to hugs and kisses."

We kissed then; I kissed them on the cheek, and they turned and kissed me back, wrapping their arms around me and pulling me closer. It was inconvenient, what with our glasses still half full and in our hands, so we finished them and set them down, and then they were on my lap and we were making out again, hardly aware anyone may be passing by.

The bench was horribly uncomfortable, to tell you the truth. We changed position over and over again, hands exploring each others' bodies as far as was possible without removing any clothing. I let June feel how hard I was getting for them, and was rewarded with a kiss on my neck; June let me feel their chest, but stopped my hand on their abdomen as I slid it down.

"Not yet," they said, and we kissed again, my fingers running over their waist absent-mindedly, and them shifting to and fro a little as they sat on my lap.

"Ben," they said after a few minutes of this, "Sorry, I... I should go. I have to go."

They stood, and I stood up as well. They were shifting around more now, rubbing their thighs against one another. They seemed on edge.

"Did I do something wrong?" I asked, suddenly worried.

June laughed, then bent over forwards a little and grimaced.

"No, Ben," they said, "I... I have to pee. You're amazing, and... I kind of put it off too long."

They stepped towards me again and gave me a kiss again, but only a short one, as they grabbed themselves between the legs again.

"I'm sorry," they said, "Oh damn. Ohhh damn."

They looked at me, clearly torn, not wanting me to see them like this, but also not wanting to leave.

"My place is ten minutes walk..." I said.

"Quick, then."

June grabbed themselves twice more as we walked, and then a third time, after which they didn't let go, pressing their dress up tight against their crotch.

"I'm sorry," they said again, "My bladder is tiny as it is, and with alcohol in the mix..."

"It's why you always have to leave, isn't it?"

"Yeah."

"You could go in the bushes..."

"I know, but... I don't like it," they said. We were out of the forest now and at a crossing, waiting for the light. June was crossing and recrossing their legs; they let go of their crotch when we left the forest, and I could see a few wet spots where they'd pressed it up against themselves.

"Is it much further?" they asked as we started walking again, their hands clenched in fists.

"Just in here," I said turning towards my house and grabbing the keys.

In the corner of my eye, I could see June grab themselves again as I unlocked the door, first with one hand and then with the other. They hurried in after me as I walked in, more waddling than walking, their face a mask of pain.

"The toilet is..." I began, but it was too late. As soon as the door closed behind them, June gasped, whimpering and clenching tighter with their hands, but unable to control the flood any longer. A few drops fell to the floor and then the room filled with a hissing as they lost control, rivulets running down their legs and to the floor. It felt like an eternity, though all in all it could not have been more than half a minute.

You can imagine the rest. I helped them clean up, they showered, and we've been together since. That wasn't the last accident I saw June have, either, but the rest are a story for another day.

###

Thought a little feel-good story would be fitting for these times.

*022*2020-11-29 22:09

(cw: sexual stuff)

The summoning had actually worked.

I was standing in my kitchen and across from me, leaning against the counter, was a redhead, twenty or so years old, her hair in a short ponytail. She wore a tank top and shorts, both black with red stitches, and was looking at me mischievously, drumming her fingers on the wood behind her. Between us were the remains of the circle: wind-swept lines of chalk that I had spent the last hour etching carefully.

"Should I turn around to give you a better view?" she asked after a few seconds of awkward silence—seconds I had, admittedly, spent looking her over.

"Sorry," I said, "Uhh, I..."

She took a step towards me and put her hands on my sides, giving them a gentle squeeze and looking up at me, her face inches from mine. Without thinking, I wrapped my arms around her, and suddenly what I think she had meant as a gentle kiss turned into a firm, long hug.

"Are..." she said, "Are you okay?"

This was 2020, by the way. Nobody I knew was okay, though we tried to pretend. It was three months into the lockdown that I'd started looking for a supernatural solution, and now, a few months later, I had actually made one work. Never mind sex, I'd give my soul for a hug. I explained, poorly.

"Jeez, man," she said when I was done, and hugged me a little tighter, "I'm sorry. I've not been down in a while... Let's try again."

She leaned back a little so that she was looking up at me, hands moving back to my waist. I kept mine around her, playing her hair.

"Hi," she said, "I'm Alice, and I'm here to satisfy your desires. I can't read your mind, though, so you'll have to tell me, but I'm going to do my best to make sure you have an unforgettable evening. Now. What should I call you, and did you have any plans for us"

"Hey," I said. She squeezed my side encouragingly, still looking up. Her smile was contagious: I found myself smiling back, egged on my her enthusiasm. "I'm Ran, and I was hoping we'd—you'd—drink something, and... Uh..."

To be honest, I hadn't actually made much of a plan. I had beer in my fridge, and there was plenty of water of course, but I had no idea how her body worked. Would she even need to pee, or would it just disappear into a heavenly void?

"Look, uh—if I were to give you a whole lot to drink—just juice, for example—what would happen?"

Alice had been looking at me the whole time as I waited. Her lips twitched in amusement when I asked my question. Pulling me a little closer, she stood on tip toe and whispered into my ear.

"What would you like to happen?"

"I—I want you to need to pee," I admitted, "I want you to be absolutely bursting but to put it off for some reason. And then when you finally do decide to go, I want you to not make it. I mean, I want you to wet yourself, because you put it off too long and can't hold it..."

Between the way she held me close and the images going through my head, I was getting hard, and I was sure she could tell.

She kissed me then, a chaste kiss on my cheek, and at the same time let my crotch rub against her waist. I noticed her clothes had changed while I wasn't paying attention: now both tank top and shorts were crimson, with black stitches.

"Let's watch a movie," she suggested, "Get me a drink to go with it, and... actually, I think I'd like a glass of water now, too."

I gave her a glass—a tall one that I'd bought thinking of how hot it would be to see a girl chug it all at once. The reality was almost as hot as my imagination had been: she filled it up and then drank it down with a vigour, taking gulp after gulp. I could see her bare belly extending slightly as the liquid filled her up.

Alice was about to fill it up again, but I got the beer out instead.

"Trying to get me drunk and take advantage of me?" she asked as we walked over to the living room, still embracing, and I'm sure she'd have teased me further if my flat screen TV hadn't caught her quite of guard.

"You guys have gotten a hell of a way since the fifties..." she mumbled as I scrolled through Netflix for something suitable. She was sipping her beer as she looked on, until I finally settled on some old Batman movie.

We sat back on the sofa, half-hugging and sipping our beers once in a while. I thought of making a drinking game out of it, but it didn't seem fitting: instead, we slowly went through our drinks and cuddled up closer as time wore on. I finished mine and set the can aside; she finished hers and grabbed another, and then another.

I put my free hand on her stomach at some point, stroking her absent-mindedly. She rewarded me with a kiss on my cheek, and then another—and then, when she took my hand and put it up on her breast, I realised that maybe I was focusing a little too much on the movie and that she was trying to tell me something.

She was shifting around a little—now that I noticed it, I could hardly believe I'd missed it, since her hip was rubbing up against mine quite actively. She gave me another kiss, this time on my lips, and I kissed her back, squeezing her breast gently as I pulled her close.

"You're cute," she said, giggling, "I bet if I hadn't done that you'd have watched the movie and missed all the fun."

"You're... you're drunk?"

"I'm only tipsy! And besides, I'm a lightweight."

"Anyway, even if I had kept watching, we could have had fun after the movie!"

Alice grinned again then and climbed onto my lap. Perched on it, with one leg on either side of me, she kissed me again and then leaned in closer and whispered, "I don't think I can wait until after the movie..."

"You mean..." I began, but she kissed me again and pressed closer against me, straddling me. I used the chance to reach under her tank top and undo her bra strap, and she gave me another kiss for that.

"You're naughtier than you look," she said, "Hang on, this beer is in the way."

She'd just taken the third can and I could have sworn it was mostly full, but that didn't seem to dissuade her: though not going quite as fast as with the water, she still drank for several seconds and must have finished half the can before pausing for breath.

"If you give me another beer I'll take that to mean you want me drunk," she said with a grin. She shifted a little, and this time I'm sure that was partly just to rub up against me; not that I minded. Holding on to my shoulder with one hand, she finished the can, still shifting as she drank.

"Oh boy, that was more than I thought," she said as she set the can down. She pulled of her tank top and her bra, discarding them onto the floor, and then leaned in for another kiss, messier than our last one. She gripped me tight by the shoulders, and I had my arms around her, pulling her closer against me.

She was the one to break off the kiss. Shifting around in my embrace, she took my hand and guided it to her breast again, putting my thumb on her nipple. As I started playing with it she pressed herself a little closer to me again, now grinding up against me for another reason than her need to go.

"Fuck, that beer went right through me," she said with another giggle, and then kissed my neck, "I should—ahh—probably go soon, but—mmmh—I don't want you to stop yet..."

I took her other breast in my hand as well and pulled her closer, into another kiss, this one much longer, punctuated by her gasps and moans. She was shifting around more now, and when I slipped a finger down to her abdomen I felt a fullness, a firm bulge just under her waist.

Alice squeezed her legs tight when I pressed on it gently and hugged me tight as well, breaking off the kiss and begging inarticulately for me to stop. At once, I did, and she pouted at me.

"I told you, I need to pee," she said, "Look what you made me do..."

She turned around, sitting on my lap with her back against my chest, with her legs on either side of mine and my arms wrapped around her. She undid the button on her shorts and guided my hand in, pressing my fingers up against a wet spot on her underwear. With my other hand I grabbed her breast again, playing with her nipple a little less gently now.

"That—ohh—that's not all arousal anymore," she said, "I should—you should—mmh..."

I rubbed in a circle around the place she had shown me, feeling the wetness, and trying to find the most sensitive spot from the way she writhed and moaned. Her legs were trembling now, and with one hand she was trying to grab her crotch, though my hand was in the way, and when I pressed on her bladder gently with my palm she spurted more pee.

"Fuck..." she mumbled between moans, "I can't hold it—mmh—much longer... Please... Oh fuck that's that's good..."

I slipped my hand into her underwear, lightly pressing on her bladder as I did so and feeling my lap go warm from her leaks. After feeling around for a bit I found what I was looking for, and I stuck my middle finger inside her, running it in and out.

She moaned loudly, gave me another kiss, and then forced my hand out. Pushing herself up, she leaned and kissed me again.

"I'm sorry, I really can't hold it," she said, holding herself tightly with one hand. I could see a wet spot even on her shorts now, a darker red. "I'll be right back, okay?"

She bounced in place as she waited for me to respond, and I was tempted simply to let the silence hang, but it didn't seem right.

"One more kiss," I said, and she leaned in again, taking my face in both hands and giving me a long kiss on my lips.

"Fuck fuck fuck!"

She pulled away, cursing, and stood up. The wet spot had grown and was glistening now, and again she grabbed herself, now with two hands. She stood still, trying to regain her composure enough to move, still trying to find the strength to make it to the toilet.

It was not to be. As soon as she straightened out to take a step the dam burst: the wet spot bloomed and with a clatter she was wetting herself completely, rivulets of pee running down her legs and onto the carpet. I stared, transfixed, as she emptied her bladder, visibly deflating. Her face was a mix of horror at what was going on and relief at finally being able to pee, both mixed with the arousal that had been there before.

Only when she was completely empty did her face go back to the grin it had been back when I summoned her.

"I hope you liked that," she remarked, and then she was no more.

*023*2021-11-15 00:58

I boarded the Greyhound bus in the early evening. I'd had some takeaway to eat at the station while I waited, and hopped on after one last bathroom break just in case. The trip was just long enough to make that prudent: five hours, not something that would test my capacity on an empty bladder, but also plenty of time for it to get bad if I were careless.

My seat, almost at the back of the bus, was in the aisle, and I had to get up again when my neighbour for the journey arrived: a cute girl, perhaps two or three years younger than me, blonde, and dressed in light jeans and a tank-top. She had shoulder-length hair and either naturally cheerful or the slightest bit tipsy.

"Hi, I'm Kevin," I introduced myself as I helped her with her bag.

"Heyy, thanks!" she replied. The double y was audible. "Tracy, nice to meet youu!"

The first few questions are always the same. Did we take this route often? (I did; she didn't.) Why were we travelling? (I was heading to visit family; she had been over to a friend.) Do we like Greyhounds? (Haha. No.) What do we do for a living? What did we study in college? Had we seen that new movie? We had, really?

The conversation had gotten well underway before the bus had even moved. I probably wouldn't have noticed we were still standing still, had Tracy not been throwing occasional glances forward.

"Running behind schedule, I guess," I commented as she threw yet another look towards the front.

"Yeah... I wish I'd used the restroom before we left," Tracy commented.

"Want me to let you through?" I asked, but she shook her head.

"I'll wait to the highway, they hate it when you use it during boarding."

She was probably right, and I didn't point out that nobody was boarding at the moment. In fact, everyone seemed to be sitting in much the same kind of anticipation that we were. For a moment I was torn between pursuing the question of just how bad she had to go—a topic, I must admit, that was rather of interest to me—or to try to remember where our conversation had been previously.

Fortunately, I was saved from the choice by an announcement over the speakers, which came just as the bus started moving.

"Ladies and gentlemen, due to a technical issue there are no facilities on board this bus. We will be making an extra stop to accommodate those in need of such. Please excuse the inconvenience."

Well, that was a pleasant surprise. I glanced at Tracy, who pointedly ignored my glance. It's always nice when people are clear.

"So, about that scene," I said, continuing where we had left off and, if I was not mistaken, Tracy seemed relieved for the distraction.

We passed half an hour in conversation like this, talking about the movie, and me wracking my brains about how to turn the focus back onto her "little problem": a problem, mind you, that had her sitting with hips pressed together tightly, not to mention her wiggling her bum whenever she thought I couldn't see. She was so kind as to provide an in.

"That whole scene felt weeird," she said, "It was right after the break when I watched it, and the mood just wasn't there anymore, you know?"

"They cut before that?" I asked, "That's just sloppy!"

"I know!"

"I prefer when they run without breaks, honestly," I probed.

"I... well..." she started, then shifted around a bit and looked out the window for a moment. "To be honest, for a three hour movie I just can't hold it if there's no break."

Music to my ears.

"As in...?" I probed, and she blushed.

"Yeaah," she sighed, then added, "You know, if they wanted people to hold it the whole movie, they really shouldn't give 32oz sodas. I finish mine in the first fifteen minutes and then an hour in, well, it's got to go somewhere."

"Oof," I said, laughing, "I share with my girlfriend and then she drinks most of it, so I guess that's what saves me."

"Lol, she must have an iron bladder then," Tracy laughed.

I tactfully didn't mention the few times my girlfriend hadn't stayed entirely dry. Or that time she wet herself just as we left the cinema. Or the time she peed in the parking lot...

"I guess it's good practice for trips like this," I joked, and she shifted around again.

"Oh, don't remind me, I really wish I'd gone," she said, "I had dinner with my friend and we'd had wine, and maybe I had a bit more than I should have..."

That certainly explained the gigglyness, as well as the rate at which she seemed to be getting more desperate.

"Oh yeah, alcohol just makes it so much worse, doesn't it?" I probed.

"I know, riight?" she said. Now that she'd admitted it was bad, she seemed a lot more open about it. "I'm just glad we didn't go to that German place, if I'd been drinking beer I'd be sitting in a puddle by now. It's always like, five minutes warning and then I'll be pissing, don't care where I am."

"Being a bit tipsy makes that last part easier, fortunately."

"Oh yeah, sober I'd never do some of the stuff..."

She blushed, seeming to recall one memory in particular.

"How are you doing now?" I asked, intentionally vague.

"In terms of tipsiness?" she asked, "I regret that fourth glass of wine, I think. Or in terms of having to take a piss? Hard same there, actually."

"Sounds like you've seen worse, I'm sure you'll be fine..."

"Oh yeah, for now it's okay," she replied. It seemed to be rather a bit of bravado to me: as she said it, she straightened out her back and put her fists down against her thighs, stretching and pushing against herself just that little bit. "But I don't know when that stop will be..."

"Yeah, and besides, it can be so sudden, can't it?"

"Yeah, totally!" she agreed, "So about the movies, one time I was actually smart and didn't get the big soda, just got a small. By the time the break came around I had to go a little bit, but like, not bad or anything. There was a queue, as always, so I got myself a soda refill before going, and then I didn't want to go back out after I'd brought my soda in... soo yeah."

"Ouch, did it hit you hard?"

"You bet." Tracy shifted around slightly, as if in recollection, "In half an hour I'd finished the second small one—so that's, like, a big one in total—and I was fucking bursting. I literally had to hold myself. Like..."

She gestured downwards and grabbed herself with one hand between her legs.

"Is it that bad now?" I asked, and for a moment, she had to think.

"No," she admitted. She was going red in the cheeks somewhat. "That time was... bad."

"How bad?"

"You're gonna laugh at me."

"I promise I won't. Did you have to run for it during the viewing?"

"Well, I should have run for it..." she said, "But I was stubborn, and there was like fifteen minutes left... and suddenly I didn't have to go anymore."

She was bright red now, and I was hornier than I would ever admit.

"Damn. And if that's how bad it gets without alcohol..?"

"Oh, don't get me started!" she laughed, and then added, "And don't make me laugh!"

She was squirming around full force now. Her hand, put between her legs for demonstration, was now firmly wedged there, her other hand resting on the wrist as if to hide it. It was dark outside so we had little to look at but each other. She was very cute, especially like this.

"Was it a funny movie you'd been watching?"

"Lool, no!" she said, "It was some horror film. I was scared, that's part of the reason I didn't go already, I kept imagining someone jumping out. At one point the main girl, she screamed all of a sudden, and I could just feel myself pissing and I couldn't stop..."

"Oh, but then that's just the fear that did it," I suggested, "Lots of people piss themselves in haunted houses and such, too."

She went a slightly darker shade of red.

"Like... me," she admitted, "Though in my defense, that was after beer!"

"What happened?" I asked, perhaps a little tactlessly. She'd been telling with such enthusiasm, that my usual tricks to make it seem natural just didn't seem necessary.

"I had some beer with friends. I went to a haunted house. I came out wet," she said, bluntly, "Do you..." she seemed to want to ask something, but then thought better of it. "Do you want the details?"

"We're not going anywhere," I pointed out, "And it might take your mind off... other things."

"Those aren't other things," she said, with a sigh, "Those are very much the same things. But sure, why not.

"Two friends—one is the one I was visiting here, Rebecca, and another, July—we were playing a drinking game. A "scary stories" kind of thing, where one person tells a story and whenever you gasp or just look scared, you drink. I'm easily scared, so I got pretty far along... and they could tell, so they decided a bit more scaring would do me good. We went to a haunted house nearby (there was a Halloween faire of some sort, you know) and queued for like twenty minutes and then went in. And, so, yeah, by the time we were at the front of the queue I was desperate. Like, hopping-on-the-spot-bent-over, you can probably imagine."

I could, and I liked the sight of that. "Didn't your friends have to go?" I asked.

"Kinda, but not as bad," Tracy admitted. Her second hand reached her crotch now. "Anyway, we went in and... it was pretty scary. But also I was really not paying very much attention because I'd already leaked a bunch and I did not want to piss in front of the actors. Or my friends, but they'd seen that before, so..."

"Wow, how often do you wet yourself?" I asked, a little incredulously. "Like... when was the last time?"

Tracy blushed. She looked away at the window, saw her reflection, then looked back down. Carefully, she pulled her hands out from between her legs—both legs immediately started shaking—and looked at the slight wetness on the fingertips. She grabbed herself again quickly.

"Like... once a week," she admitted, "And if you don't count right now, the last time was yesterday."

"Oh," I said. I'm not sure if I felt lucky, or just like an asshole. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be!" she said, quickly, "I'm glad you're not weirded out, especially since... I think I'm getting pretty close. I mean... You don't think I'm weird?"

"Do you think I'm weird?"

"A bit. But in a good way."

"Want to tell about yesterday? To take your mind off it."

"Lol, there's no way I can manage to picture that again without losing it..." she said, "But sure.

"It's actually the kind of thing I've had happen dozens of times now. We were out drinking, I'd had a few beers—okay, more than a few—and we were heading back to her place. We were in a taxi and I was sitting pretty much, well, like this, and we just kept hitting bumps. I was not dry. We came to a stop and I got out and I wanted to piss in her front garden—I've had to do that way too many times—and I just..."

She looked down. Her hands, previously pressed tight between her thighs, were now resting to the sides of her legs, and I watched as her crotch grew the slightest bit darker, most pee flowing down into the chair—most, but not quite all.

"So yeah..." she said, "I'm glad you're not weirded out."
