Sara’s Disastrous Flight

Author: Redboi

*000*2022-07-27 13:02

Hello everyone, I am once again back with a one part story that I want to share with all of you. This one is pretty straight forward: our friend Sara here has a predicament on her flight to Florida and it causes things to spiral out of control. Enjoy!

Sara’s Disastrous Flight:

”Attention all passengers, the time is now 7:50 AM Eastern Time and we will now be boarding Flight 34A towards Miami.”

Sara and her boyfriend Luke were not very well known for their sprinting abilities, but they were putting their legs to full use as they sprinted down towards their gate, almost tripping over each other multiple times in the process. To their relief they saw a sizeable line in front of the gate, so they knew they had time now.

The two had been in a huge rush that morning to pack that they had just barely made it to their gate in time. A combination of trouble finding clothes, bad traffic, and other things did them in.

Sara though was just happy they made it to their flight. However a familiar feeling soon hit her bladder: major discomfort. She hadn’t had time to go to the bathroom before leaving her house with being in such a big hurry, and now she had to go quite a bit. The coffee she had this morning compounded with the water she was drinking now didn’t help matters.

She decided to ask her boyfriend to watch her stuff, but he beat her to the punch. “Hey babe, could you watch our stuff for a second, I’m going to hit the bathroom.” She nodded at him, obviously frustrated she missed her time. It’s okay, I’ll just go on the plane.

The plane itself was giant: nearly 50 rows with three people per seat. Sara decided she would find her and her boyfriends seats. They got the window and middle seat. She placed her luggage in the top carrier and sat down in her seat next to the window with her boyfriend next to her.

Her obvious shaking and swaying came to his attention immediately. “What’s wrong babe, feel sick?”

She shook her head at him, “I gotta pee, bad.”

He scanned around for a bathroom. “Well, there’s one right next to us so why don’t you just g- oh Jesus Christ.”

As he was finishing speaking, a man larger than anything Sara had seen before moved towards their row and placed his luggage in their same overhead bin. Sara’s heart and stomach both dropped as he struggled to squeeze into the seat next to Luke.

The man was bald and had tattoos of guns all over his arms. He looked like he had just come from an NRA committee council, and he instantly started speaking to Luke. “Hey man, hope I ain’t an issue for you. The dumbass flight attendant bitch said they didn’t have enough seats to sit me in a row of my own, so we’re going to have to settle for this.”

Luke didn’t know what much else to do then to nod. Sara was in pure agony. This was a 4 hour flight, Sara didn’t think she could make it more than 10 minutes. She thought back to a conversation with her boyfriend a couple days ago.

…

”Listen babe, I know you won’t like it, but I know how much you hate airport bathrooms. If you just wear this, it will be infinitely better for both of us.”

”What if someone sees? I could never live that down! And plus, that car trip was just a fluke babe! I don’t need diapers!”

”Ok, suit yourself. I’ll leave it up to you.”

…

She was now heavily regretting not wearing one today. That way she could have just let it flow in her seat and no one would have known the wiser. Now instead, she was stuck. She couldn’t ask that guy to move to go the bathroom. She couldn’t scale the seats either. There was no way she could hold back her morning pee plus two full drinks for another four hours. A devil and angel appeared in her ears.

”Just go in your yoga pants! It will feel so good and that way you don’t need to worry about it! The plane will cover up the noise and you’ll never see any of these people ever again!”

”Hold it the best you can and see if that guy can get moved! You can make it!”

She seemed more interested in what her devil was telling her, but decided to keep holding.

…

Their flight took off at about 8:10, Sara looked at her phone: 8:32. Her bladder throbbed and she shook to the very core. The guy next to her boyfriend had fallen asleep and looked absolutely out of it. Once again the devil and angel called out to her:

”Why haven’t you just gone yet? Nobody cares about what you’re doing, plus someone to your left looks like he’s enjoying the show.”

Sara looked over at her boyfriend. His pants had an obvious bulge. Is that why he wanted me to wear a diaper?

The angel once again shouted out to her, however what she heard this time was much different. “The flight attendants put someone in a seat that you didn’t want anyone in. It’s their fault you’re in this predicament, so just go in your pants. You’ve already suffered enough. It will make the guy on your left happy for sure!”

Sara’s mind had already made the decision for her at this point. She grabbed her boyfriends hand and whispered into his ear, “I’m going to pee my pants.”

He whispered back, “spread your legs so I can see it.”

Upon that command Sara spread her legs as far as she could and released her bladder. At first nothing came out so she decided to push. At first, a faint trickle, and then a slow stream. Then about a couple seconds later she was in full stream. The relief that rushed over her was orgasmic as all she desired was to touch herself, but she managed to contain herself.

The stream itself was readily absorbed into the seat below her as it continued to pour into her panties and yoga pants. As her trickle started to slow, Sara sat back in her saturated seat in complete ecstasy and embarrassment. She had just wet herself on a plane, but didn’t feel completely awful about it.

Anytime within the next 3 hours she had to go pee, she would just let go in her seat, every time spreading her legs to let her boyfriend watch. As the flight landed and they made their way out, her boyfriend whispered to her: “thank goodness you wore black leggings today right?”

She replied to him, “yeah, but I think we need more precautions. Do you know where the nearest store with diapers are?”

Thanks for reading! I’m going to be returning to some of my series type stories soon enough, but I wanted to write a nice and simple omo story for my enjoyment. Hopefully it is reciprocated by you guys

