Desperation in Wonderland

Author: rrga15

*000*2016-09-19 13:52

My first attempt at writing an omorashi story. I hope you enjoy it.

"Um… Miss Alice… How long will it be before we're there…" The Cheshire Cat asked, tugging on Alice's sleeve nervously as they walked towards the Queen of Hearts' palace. "…From what I remember of Wonderland…We're still pretty far away. Of course, I could be wrong. Is there anything you need?" Alice replied, turning towards the catgirl.

"I… E-Er…Nevermind…" She muttered, blushing and looking away from the older woman. Alice raised an eyebrow and started to keep an eye on the girl. As they walked on, the Cheshire Cat started to slow down a little. The girl let out a small whine, squeezing her legs together as she stopped walking.

Alice sighed, knowing what it meant when a child started to act like that. "Cheshire, do you have to go to the bathroom?" She asked, remembering the many, many cups of tea that the young girl had drank back at the Mad Hatter's tea party. The Hatter had even asked if the catgirl wanted to use the bathroom before leaving.

"N-no, I don't really hafta…" The girl began before noticing that Alice was staring at her, an eyebrow raised. "…Y-yes…J-just a bit…" The girl blushed as she squirmed slightly. "I-It's not that urgent, though. I can hold it until we get there…I think…" She said the last bit quietly before straightening up.

"Alright. If you say so." Even though she heard the "I think" the little girl had tacked onto the back, Alice found little reason to argue with the Cheshire Cat and decided to drop the matter.

It soon became clear that the Cheshire Cat, in fact, couldn't hold it. The catgirl started stopping every few steps to press between her legs. Not only that, she was now visibly desperate, with a flushed face, extremely active tail and a lot of fidgeting.

"Cheshire." Alice said firmly, surprising the Cheshire Cat. The latter's purple-coloured tail and ears sprung up as she turned to face Alice. However, the sudden movement had shook her full bladder and caused a little pee to leak out.

"Nyah!" The girl yelped, hands instantly flying between her legs. "No, no-!" She said panickedly. After a while, the cat girl calmed down slightly, having gotten it under control. "Cheshire." Alice repeated, looking the other girl right in her golden eyes. The Cheshire Cat looked away, eyes darting off to the side.

"At this rate, you are going to wet yourself before we get close to the castle." The woman said, pointing at the little wet spot between the cat's legs. "B-but-! I-I'm not a l-little girl anymore… I c-can hold it…" The girl tried to argue, even though she was now so desperate she was hopping from foot to foot, with her hands glued to the crotch.

Alice's expression softened slightly. "Look, there are a lot of trees here, right? Just go behind one, pee, and then we can continue." The woman said, pointing at one of the aforementioned trees. "…Don't wanna…" The girl whined, shaking her head. "Mmh!" She suddenly let out another yelp, applying more pressure on her crotch.

Alice placed a hand on her face as she sighed due to exasperation. The Cheshire Cat was suprisingly stubborn even though she seemed just a minute or two away from wetting herself. "May I ask why you can't just relieve yourself behind a plant?" The woman asked, planting a hand on her hip.

"I-It's too scary and it's too dark and…" The cat girl said, looking away from Alice with a blush on her face. Alice opened her mouth to argue before closing it and starting to consider the girl's point. It was pretty dark in the forest, with all the trees. Added with the amount of strange flora that could be found, she had to admit that the girl had a good point.

"But, right now, you can't even stand still. There's still a bit to go before we reach the palace and I don't think you can hold it in for that long. Why don't you just go here. There shouldn't be anyone else nearby." Alice suggested.

"B-But I don't wanna…I c-can't go in front of you, Miss Alice! I'd die of embarassment!" The girl whined, squirming in place as her ears started drooping. "…Alright then, I guess." Alice said, giving up. "Come on, we have to reach th castle before the sun sets. This path is eerie enough with the sun up." She said, walking onwards.

After taking a few steps, Alice noticed that the cat girl wasn't coming after her. The Cheshire Cat was still standing in the same spot. "I-I can't m-move… I'll p-pee myself if…Nyaa…" The girl whimpered, looking at Alice with teary eyes.

"Then, if you can't move, and you don't want to go behind a tree or on the ground, how are we going to get to the castle?" Alice asked. The Cheshire Cat did not give an answer as she was using all her strength to try and get past a wave of desperation.

Alice sighed as she walked back to the catgirl and squatted down in front of her. "Here, get on. Use your hands to hang on." Alice said. The smaller girl slowly removed her hands from her crotch and put them on Alice's shoulders. The catgirl squirmed and squeezed her legs together as she hung on.

Alice winced as she got a whiff of cat urine. (At least cat urine will be easier to explain away than human urine. I'll just say my cat did it.) She thought to herself. "Myaaa…Please hurry, Miss Alice." The girl mumbled desperately, pressing a hand into her crotch.

"Alright, alright. I'll go as fast as I can. Just try to hold on for a while, okay?" Alice comforted the cat girl, before she continued walking. "Ah! Miss Aliicee!" The girl yelled. The catgirl wasn't holding on properly, having removed a hand to hold herself.

So Alice walked, the girl on her back was rocked back and forth, aggravating her completely full bladder. "W-What is it?" Alice asked, surprised by the sudden noise. She came to a stop which caused the girl to hit her back.

"Ah… Nooooo…" The catgirl moaned as she felt her pee starting to come out. Forgetting that she was only hanging on Alice's back with one arm, she let go of Alice to press both hands against her crotch. The Cheshire Cat fell to the ground, landing on her bottom. "Miss Alice, it's coming out…" The girl whined, on the verge of tears.

"Cross your legs and squeeze as hard as you can. Take deep breaths and recite the alphabet in you head." Alice instructed. The younger girl did as Alice said and tried her best to hold it in. To her suprise, the wave of desperation managed to pass with only a small leak that caused a tiny wet spot to appear on her underwear.

"Ready to continue?" Alice asked, giving the girl a small smile. The catgirl carefully climbed back up onto Alice's shoulders, the urge having lessened for now. "Wow, Miss Alice. The things you told me to do really helped a lot!" The girl exclaimed, happy that she had managed to avoid wetting herself for now.

"You learn some things when the boss asks you to go to an emergency meeting when you have to pee." Alice said, walking slightly slower this time around. The pair somehow managed to get near the Palace without any more occurrences. Alice's advice had helped the Cheshire Cat to hold it in.

"Just a bit more to go, Cheshire and you can relieve yourself." Alice said. The younger girl let out a small sigh of relief, being careful not to let go too soon. Just as they approached the gates, several loud chimes rang out from the clock tower near the castle. The catgirl on Alice's back let out a spurt of urine at the sudden noise.

"Nonononono! Um, uuu… A-B-C-E-H-I-J!" The Cheshire Cat cried out, trying her best to hold it all in. Another small spurt came out, and another, and another…

After the fifth spurt, the girl gave up trying to hold it. "Uuu…I-I can't h-hold it…anymore." With her ears completely flat against her head, the catgirl started to sob, crying into Alice's back.

Alice froze up as she felt warm liquid leak through the back of her dress in two different places. "Ah-! Cheshire!" Still sobbing, the young girl dropped off Alice's back and fell to the ground. A yellow-coloured puddle began to grow around the crying girl.

"Um… Well…" Alice mumbled, trying to think of some suitable words to say to comfort the little catgirl. "I-I… c-couldn't h-hold it…nyaa…I'm so sorry, Miss Alice!" The girl's sobs turned into full-blown crying as she apologised.

"D-don't be so upset, Cheshire. Accidents happen." Alice said, petting the still-peeing cat girl. Alice started to wonder about how long the girl had been holding it in for as the puddle grew larger. "B-But, I-I-I'm already potty-trained… I'm n-not supposed to have a-accidents!" The little girl cried, looking up at Alice.

"You're still pretty young, it isn't unheard of for younger kids to have an accident every once jn a while." Alice pointed out as she continued petting the girl. "B-But…I''m… already a big girl… So… I… Myaaa…" Being petted by Alice made the little girl start to feel drowsy. Coupled with the relief she felt when she wet herself and the energy she spent crying, the girl was starting to nod off.

Alice picked up the small girl, making sure to avoid the urine-soaked parts of the girl's dress. "You can go to sleep, dear. You'll be nice and dry when you wake up." The woman said, rocking the catgirl back and forth. "Zzz…" The girl snored softly, having fallen asleep. Alice smiled slightly and continued walking towards the palace, the Cheshire Cat sleeping soundly in her arms.

