The Saturday Club - Part One

Author: Roger Ireland

*000*2020-04-24 20:47

The Saturday Club - Part One.docx

*003*2020-04-28 17:19

Hi Melificentfan and PrincessPeeach,

Many thanks for your kind comments, high praise indeed !

I have posted other stories elsewhere and I think here but maybe a couple of years ago.

I am new to the protocols on here, how does my story get to be visible to others apart from a download ?

BTW Part two on the way at the week-end, hope that will be ok PrincessPeeach?

Very best,

Roger Ireland

*006*2020-04-29 21:52

Thank you wetskipants. I hope you will like part two coming in the next 48hrs.

Thanks also PrincessPeeach, I will try that because I want it to be available for anyone to read without having to download it but when you upload a story it suggests yuo upload a file. I ill play a little and see what i can do.

324 downloads in less than a week - very pleased with that ! Thanks to all of you.

Very best,

Roger Ireland.

*008*2020-05-01 17:03

Hi Dudelobowski,

I will try to upload as a copy and paste with the first part - it's quite a lot of text and I wasn't sure I could do it.

Will try later this evening and if it works I'll post part two.

Best,

Roger.

*009*2020-05-01 17:29

The Saturday Club ( Part One )

My work colleague caught me with wet pants on Saturday!

I was in the office catching up on work for a few hours before spending the afternoon with the family and I was alone in the office with no visitors expected because it was the weekend. Without warning I heard the outer door close then footsteps on the stairs and a moment later Sian walked into my office, smiled and said, ‘Morning’.

Sian said, as she picked up my empty cup, ‘would you like another cup of coffee? I’m just going to finish the last few quotations from yesterday so that I have a clean start on Monday, Harvey (her boyfriend) has gone to the match so I don’t expect him back anytime soon.’ Sian was our sales supervisor, and very good she was too. The salesmen respected her because she had, ‘been out there and done it’, in sales and understood exactly the challenges they faced on a daily basis to win business. Sian was 32, I knew that because as the sales director, I was her boss. We had never had a crossed word and always got along exceptionally well and that was it, no further advances had been made or hinted at by either of us.

I must explain at this point that I had taken the opportunity of being alone for a couple of hours to indulge my pee fetish and after enjoying an earlier cup of coffee I had sat at my desk working until I had to pee and then just sat and did it in my pants and into a towel I had on the office chair. That was about twenty minutes ago and I was now sat with a very wet bum, the faint smell of pee in the air and Sian on the other side of the desk. ‘Yes please’, I said, ‘I would, thank you’. Sian disappeared into the kitchen along the corridor as I frantically tried to figure out a way to prevent her knowing I had just wet myself. She would work in her own office next door to mine but still she would probably chat for a minute or two when she brought the coffee back and would be certain to smell the evidence of what I had done.

‘So, what brings you in on a Saturday’, Sian asked when she came back with the coffees. She sat down on the chair on the other side of my desk and sipped at her coffee before setting it down on a coaster saying, ‘shit, that’s hot!’. I had moved the towel under me enough so that she couldn’t see it but I was still very wet underneath and the smell of pee seemed to have got more pronounced but I hoped that may have been more my paranoia than fact. Sian immediately dispelled that idea when she said casually, ‘what is that smell? It smells like pee,’ she blushed very slightly when she realised she had said that unguardedly to me - which was really a testament to how comfortable she was in my company – but it embarrassed her slightly nonetheless.

I looked her in the eye for a few moments, so long in fact that she began to look uncomfortable, and I said, ‘How long have we known each other Sian?’ She looked at me a little warily and then said, ‘About four years I think, isn’t it?’

‘Why?’

‘Because I need to share a personal secret with you and I need to rely on your discretion, no matter what.’

‘No problem’, she said, ‘I think you know you can trust me, we have had a couple of times in the past where you trusted me, and backed me when it wasn’t the popular move’. ‘OK!’ I said, taking a deep breath, ‘about half an hour ago I sat here and completely wet myself. I’m still sat in wet pants now and that’s what you can smell’. Sian looked surprised, half smiled at me and then said, ‘Wow! That’s one for the books!’

‘I take it that you did it on purpose and didn’t just have an accident?’ I smiled and said, ‘Yes it was on purpose not accidental, just how old do you think I am? It’s something that I have done for quite some time when I get a chance and I thought this morning was an ideal opportunity. I’m really sorry to embarrass you but I had no idea you were likely to come in.’ Sian said, ‘You know, we all have our personal little fantasies and quirks, it’s what makes us human and if wetting your pants does it for you it’s none of my business. I would never betray a secret like that, that would be just wrong. I have to admit though that I am a little intrigued by it though, I once saw something along those lines on Channel 4 one night but never really paid much attention, it was just another kinky thing to me but how do you hide it when you go home?’ Sian asked, ‘I mean does Sally know?’

‘God no!’ I said, ‘she would be horrified, it’s not the sort of thing she would accept at all. It would probably be the last straw, she already complains about lots of things I do, it can be quite wearing to be honest but there you are, I married her and that’s it’. Sian sat pensive and tight lipped, clearly wanting to say something but thinking better of it. ‘I have a change of clothes in the car so I change here in the loos and then hide my wet things until I can wash them later’, I said. ‘Well thank you for being honest with me Peter, Sian said, ‘you have my word that I will never tell a soul about this’. ‘Thank you’, I said sincerely.

Sian went into her own office and we worked on until about 1 ‘o’ clock, then I got my dry clothes from the car and changed to go home. I looked in on Sian as I was leaving and asked her if she was nearly finished. ‘Yes’, she said, ‘and you look quite presentable to go home, all hidden?’

‘Yes’, I said, ‘all normal again and thank you!’ We wished each other a good week-end (what was left of it) and I went home.

###

It must have been about two weeks later, it may have been three, before I expected to work the Saturday again. I very carefully checked on Sian’s workload and listened as best I could for any plans she might have outside work for the week-end. As far as I could make out she had no reason to come in to the office and I heard no plans of Harvey going to any matches so I thought it might be safe to work the Saturday as before.

I arrived at the office about 9.30 and as I pulled into the car park I could see Sian’s car already there. For a moment I thought about turning around and going back home but then thought. Why should I? I was a director of the company and not answerable to Sian so I parked the car and went in. Sian was making coffee in the little kitchen on the first floor and greeted me as I stood at the door. ‘Morning, how are you today? I imagine you would like a coffee?’

‘Yes please’, I said, ‘at least one. How long are you in for this morning, much to do?’

‘Actually I have quite a bit I would like to get done’, she said, ‘I would really like to complete the sales guidelines for that new range of machines we took on last month ready for the sales meeting on Monday. If you are in for your own special reasons please don’t let me spoil that, I really don’t mind, I’m fairly broad-minded.’

‘Thank you,’ I said, smiling at her.

Sian looked at me for a moment and then said, ‘For what it’s worth I sometimes brighten up a Saturday morning if I come in for an hour or so. If it’s warm enough I just love to be in the office completely naked and because we are on the first floor no-one can see in through the windows so I spend the time with nothing on at all.’ A little shocked I said, ‘but what if someone came in?’

‘Well’, she said, ‘I lock the outer door so they would have to ring the buzzer and I would have time to slip my things on quickly while I buzzed them in and they climbed the stairs, I’ve had a couple of close shaves though,’ she said smiling. ‘It seems we both have our Saturday secrets’, I smiled. ‘Well, your secret’s safe with me Sian’. ‘I’m glad’, she said, ‘I actually feel a little more comfortable now you know’. We went into our offices then and started work.

I actually did have work to do and got on with it. After maybe an hour and a half I decided I wanted another coffee and so I looked in on Sian and asked her if she wanted another. ‘Would love one’, she said, ‘thanks’. Sian came into the kitchen as I was pouring the coffee and said, ‘there are some nice chocolate biscuits in the cupboard if you would like one, I think we can indulge ourselves a little as it’s Saturday.’ I smiled at the veiled reference to ‘other’ indulgences and said, ‘I’m sure we can, it’s what we do on Saturdays after all.’ She laughed at that, thanked me for the coffee and took it back to her office with a couple of biscuits. Not long after that I really needed to pee. It felt strange thinking that I was going to wet myself with someone else in the office next door but Sian knew and almost expected it in a way so why not?

So I placed a plastic waste sack on my chair and a small towel on top of it, sat down and waited for the next urge. It wasn’t long coming and it felt really good and even more daring today as I sat and let it start to dribble into my pants, a second or two more and I was in full flow. ‘Have you got a minute’, Sian said, walking in the door, ‘I want to check something with you.’ I smiled and said ‘Yes, sit down a minute.’ Something in my tone or posture must have alerted her because she blushed and said, ‘Oh my God! You’re doing it right now! I’m so sorry’ and turned to leave. I laughed and said, ‘It’s too late now, don’t worry just sit down, it’s not as if it’s a secret anymore, at least not from you.’ We talked about her query for about 10 minutes then she went back to her office and that was that, or at least I thought so.

About an hour later Sian called from the corridor and asked if I wanted coffee again. I said, ‘yes please, always up for a coffee.’ A few minutes later I heard the kettle switch off and went through to the kitchen to save Sian having to carry my coffee as well as hers and when I walked through the doorway She had her back to me pouring the hot water into the cups but she was stark naked, without even shoes on her feet. I stopped short and my eyes must have been bugging at what I saw, I turned to go and muttered, ‘Sorry, I didn’t realise.’

‘It’s OK’, said Sian, turning around, ‘I really don’t mind as long as it’s only you, after all I walked in on you this morning while you were wetting so I don’t mind being open with you. It actually makes it a bit more exciting to be naked in the office when my boss is here.’ To say I was astounded would be understating the fact and I couldn’t help but look at her tits and her smooth, trimmed bush and long legs. I realised I was staring and apologised again. Sian said, ‘you had better get used to it because it may well happen any Saturday when we are here together on our own, my figure isn’t that bad and I don’t mind selected people seeing me nude.’ Her figure wasn’t bad at all and I quickly told her it was great.

She said, ‘Turn around and let me see your wet patch.’ I was wearing a pair of light denim jeans and it was showing loud and clear but I turned around for her and she gasped and said, ‘Wow! That shows clearly doesn’t it? I didn’t tell you before but I have wet myself by accident a couple of times and looked just like that. When it’s an accident you are all embarrassed and just want to get home and change but I remember the one time it was late at night and I had to go again before I got home so I just sat on the train and did it there, I was a bit drunk though.

I do remember the relief though, the warm feeling and the excitement of being very naughty. So I think I have some sympathy for your little fetish, particularly when you can’t share it at home.’ She gave me a very sincere smile then and walked back into her office and I had another look at her cute bottom. The next time I saw Sian that day she was dressed and ready to go home. We wished each other the best for the week-end and left.

###

The following Saturday morning I had a text from Sian at about 8.30 in the morning asking if I was thinking of working that morning. I replied that I was going in around 9.30 and asked if she was working too. She replied that she was going to be there at around the same time she would see me there. I had another text from her at about 9.15 just as I was leaving home, it read, ‘How about we swap fun this Sat?’. I thought about what it could possibly mean, except for the obvious, and couldn’t imagine any interpretation other than she was going to wet and she wanted me to go naked! I texted back, ‘Sure, why not?’ This major escalation took me by surprise and excited me as well, it made the whole thing a completely shared experience as opposed to two people doing their own thing and sharing the secret.

Sian’s car was already in the car park when I arrived. I went into the offices and upstairs, looked into Sian’s office and wished her good morning. She looked a little hesitant but smiled and wished me good morning then stood up and said, ‘Will this outfit be good for a wet do you think?’ She was wearing a white tank top and a light blue cotton skirt just above the knee, she looked smart and I said so then said, ‘What I’m wearing doesn’t matter today does it? It’s all coming off later.’

‘I hope so’, said Sian. ‘Are you OK with the swap? I thought it would brighten the Saturday.’

‘I think so,’ I said, ‘I was a bit unsure of letting you see me naked but it’s hardly as embarrassing as you knowing when I’ve wet myself so “in for a penny in for a pound”. Would you like a cup of coffee? I’ll make the first.’

‘Yes please,’ said Sian, ‘I had a cup at home but another wouldn’t hurt if I’m to pee my pants later.’ I made coffees and we spent the next hour and a half working. At about 11 I called Sian on the internal phone and asked if she could spare me a minute. When she came into my office I was looking through the window at the car park. ‘Nice bum’, she said, as she saw me naked for the first time. A little self-consciously I turned around and she saw me full frontal. She smiled and said cheekily, ‘Not bad for an older guy’. I laughed and said, ‘speak quietly, beware of sleeping giants!’ Sian laughed at that and went back into her office. Maybe half an hour later she looked in and suggested another coffee.

I said, ‘thanks, that sounds nice, if you make them I’ll fetch mine in a minute.’ When I heard the kettle click off I went through to the kitchen and Sian had her back to me pouring the coffee. There was a large round, very wet, patch on the back of her skirt where she had obviously wet herself sitting down at her desk and only a few minutes ago because there were still a few drips on the hem at the bottom. The wet patch had two rounded tops where her buttocks curved to her back then went almost straight down to the hem. ‘Wow! ‘I said, that’s a major wetting, your skirt’s still dripping a bit.’

‘I know’ she said, ‘I was desperate, I was trying to wait until I had finished the quote I was on but I just couldn’t so I sat and did it in my knickers. It felt fantastic after holding on so long to just let it happen and the hot wet feeling is quite a turn on isn’t it?’ I was struggling to keep as calm as I could so that I didn’t end up showing the erection which I could feel imminent. I said, ‘It looks fantastic, I’m sure it feels wonderful.’

Sian said, I’m going to wash my skirt here, it will dry in an hour or so on the radiator, then I can go home and Harvey won’t know.’ I asked, ‘what about your knickers?’

‘I’ll take them off and go home without them on, that’s exciting too, Smart and demure on the outside and a bare bum under my skirt. I’ll put my knicks in a plastic bag.’ With that, she casually took off her skirt and put it in the sink to wash. Her knickers were full briefs and in a shade of cotton that almost matched her skirt. They had a soaking wet patch nearly matching the one on her skirt showing a much darker blue than the rest of the material. I said, ‘Those knickers are a good match, did you buy them and the skirt together?’

‘No,’ she said, ‘But I always try to get my knickers to match so when I wear short skirts and anyone sees up my skirt they can’t easily see my knickers.’ I left her washing her skirt and went back to my office sporting a growing erection. When we finished for the day at about 1 p.m. Sian came to say ‘bye’. She was wearing her (now dried) skirt and looked much the same as first thing that morning. She half turned and said, ‘Do I look OK ?’

‘You look great’, I replied, at which she lifted her skirt at the back and showed me her bare bottom, smiled and said, ‘See no knicks.’

###

Our Saturdays ‘together’ became quite the norm and for the next month, or so, we were in almost every other Saturday. Sometimes we would do our own thing and other times we would either both wet or both go nude. We became very comfortable with each other and although I say so myself we were very professional at all other times and no-one in the office had a clue about our ‘special relationship’.

Then, the lady who was employed to do all our accounts and wages work told us that she would have to leave with short notice. This had been expected for some time because she was suffering with a condition that was worsening while she waited for the operation she needed and despite battling on bravely and in good humour, she just couldn’t carry on. This meant that we would have to find a replacement very quickly which we managed to do. Heather was a newly qualified accounting technician and seemed perfectly capable of taking on the role.

Heather was appointed but had asked if she could be allowed to work Saturdays to catch up on the considerable backlog that had built up over the last month or two. The other directors were happy to allow this but asked if I could keep a watching brief anytime I was in on Saturdays as their week-ends were fully booked up. I said I was happy to do that but suggested Heather only be given a key for the front office door and her own office, not the full set that I and a few others had. This was agreed and so Heather was set to work Saturdays until further notice.

The day after this was arranged Sian came into my office and closed the door asking if she could have a word. I agreed and she said, ‘were you a party to this arrangement for Heather to work Saturdays?’

‘I was’, I said, ‘I couldn’t really object without it looking very suspicious could I? I don’t like it any more than you do but we do need the accounts up to date, there’s a VAT return due at the end of the month.’ Sian looked quite miffed and said. ‘I thought you enjoyed our special Saturdays.’

‘Sian’, I said, ‘I enjoy our Saturday fun as much as you do and I’ve really come to look forward to the week-ends but I don’t think we will have to wait long before things will be back to normal and we can indulge ourselves again’. She smiled at the word ’indulge’, I had used it deliberately to take her back to the early days of our ‘fun’. ‘OK’, she said, ‘but I will miss the weekends until Heather has caught up’. ‘You and me both’, I said.

Two weeks went by and they seemed to drag without the promise of a little ‘naughty’ fun on the Saturdays. Then on the next Saturday at about 10.30 I got a text from Sian saying that she was in the office and that Heather was working too but that she had big news to share. She would see me Monday. I couldn’t wait until the Monday morning but despite my texting her a few times Sian refused to be drawn, telling me to be patient. Monday came along and after everyone had settled down to the day Sian came into my office shutting the door behind her. ‘Guess what I saw on Saturday?’ She said. Then answered her own question with the words, ‘A dummy! On Heather’s desk, she moved it quickly when I went into her office but it was definitely a dummy. And that’s not all, I heard a slight rustling when she moved. I think our Heather is an AB!’

‘A what?’ I said. ‘An adult baby’, said Sian, ‘you know nappies and dummies and all that, that’s what they like and I think she was ‘indulging’ like we do.’ My Mind was racing at the news and I said, ‘we need to catch her out somehow and once we tell her that her secret is safe with us we could invite her to join us on Saturdays. We could have a ‘Saturday Club’. ‘I love that idea’ said Sian. ‘Leave it to me and I’ll see what I can do’.

By the following Saturday Sian and I had sketched out a simple plan. We would both work the Saturday. She would attempt to catch Heather with her dummy in her mouth or at least on the desk and then discreetly approach her and tell her that we knew. At which point she would suggest we all had a coffee in the kitchen and bring Heather in there where I would be already. I would have a moderate wet patch clearly showing on my pants and we would confide in her and invite her to join ‘The Saturday Club’. The plan worked like clockwork and when Sian brought Heather into the kitchen she immediately saw my wet pants and blurted out, ‘you as well!’ Then Sian told her the story of how it had all begun for us and how we enjoyed working Saturdays, including the swap system we had adopted.

Heather was a bit hesitant at first which was only to be expected but once we repeated the fun we had on Saturdays while still managing to get things done she said, ‘It’s the only time I can really feel secure and free to be myself because I live at home with my mum and dad and so I can’t do it at home. Being able to work Saturdays here was like a dream come true. How long has the Saturday club been going?’ Sian looked at me and I said, ‘about three months I suppose’ and smiled at Sian who nodded. Sian said, ‘well you two have ‘indulged’ your fantasies, I want to play too’ and without any hesitation she casually took all her clothes off and placed them on a chair. ‘that’s better’, she said. I had not grown any less excited at the sight of her completely naked and I turned to go back to my office with a growing erection, the start of which was not missed by Heather who turned to Sian and said. ‘I can see I’m going to enjoy this club. When can I become a full member?’

The Saturday Club ( Part Two )

It was unanimously decided that Heather should be considered a full member once she had indulged in the play already enjoyed by Peter and Sian so the Saturday following her initiation she went into work dressed as she would for a normal day in the office. She looked very smart in a trouser suit with the hint of a stripe and shoes with a small heel – every inch the management aspirant. At around 10.30 she called to Sian and Peter to say she would make coffee and they heard her in the little kitchen busying herself with the kettle and mugs.

A few minutes later Sian heard a, ‘Wow!’ from Peter’s office and hurried in there to see Heather standing in front of Peter’s desk stark naked. She turned to face Sian as she came through the door displaying a very slim body with a neatly trimmed bush of dark hair. Peter was struggling with a serious erection and had to sit down again quickly in order to hide it. Heather left the office and returned a moment later with Sian’s coffee then said with a smile, ‘one more task to perform next Saturday and I can collect my membership card, yes?’ Peter and Sian laughed at that and agreed.

Peter and Sian spoke during the week and decided that as Heather’s final performance would be to wet herself on Saturday they would also join her in the wetting and make it a shared experience for her, thereby confirming her admittance to full ‘membership’.

Saturday arrived and they all arrived at more or less the same time. Sian was wearing jeans and a woollen top, Peter had dressed as usual in casual trousers and an open-necked shirt while Heather was wearing a polo neck cotton top and a knee-length denim skirt. Heather greeted them both very cheerily and said she was looking forward to the day. After a quick cup of coffee they all went about the work they had planned. Sian made another coffee for them all at about 11 and confided to Peter that she wasn’t sure she could wait too long before peeing. They had spoken briefly about letting Heather set the timing for the day’s fun and that they would all wet at around the same time. Peter admitted that he too was more than ready. About 20 minutes later Heather tapped on Peter’s door and said, ‘I think it might be time, I’m getting desperate. If I call for Sian can we all go out into the car park and sit on the wall?’

Peter was a little shocked at that as he had never wet outside away from home before. There was a low brick wall surrounding the three sides of the car park, two sides divided the car park from the offices on each side and the third side ran along the pavement of the road serving the small trading estate. Heather saw his hesitation and said, ‘c’mon, it’ll be a buzz doing it where we could be seen’. ‘Buzz’ wasn’t quite the word he would have used to describe her idea but said, ‘OK! see what Sian says’. Sian was up for the challenge so they all went out into the car park and sat in the sun together on the wall on one side of the car park. It was reasonably quiet and only a single car went by in the first minute or so. Sian said, ‘I’m doing it, I just can’t wait anymore.’

As she spoke a mini river ran down the wall and started to cross the car park as she wet her jeans. Peter started next and as he peed his trousers got soaked all down the legs and stated to drip off his thighs to the floor running across the car park as well. Heather sat in line with the wall and drew her knees up to her chin. Peter and Sian could see right up her skirt and watched fascinated as Heather’s pastel blue knickers turned dark blue as they got soaked in her pee and then continued to watch as her skirt absorbed the piddle until it finally dribbled down the wall to run across the car park. They all watched as the three streams of pee meandered across the first couple of metres or so and then merged into one before reaching a small depression in the tarmac and stopping to form a minor puddle.

At that moment a dark grey Mercedes swept into the car park and pulled up in one of the parking spaces near to the door. It was Don, the Finance Director and Heather’s boss. Sian said, ‘Oh Shit!’ Don got out of his car and waving to them said, ‘Hi! Heather could you spare me a minute please?’ Heather called, ‘Sure, give me a moment I’ll be in’. She stood up and started walking towards the door. Peter and Sian could see the soaked wet patch on the back of her skirt as she walked, it was clearly obvious that she had just peed herself, the wet patch covered her bum and went down to the hem at the back.

Sian looked at Peter aghast and said, ‘What do we do now?’ He said, ‘we should go back in and change quietly and I’ll go and talk to Don and see if I can rescue Heather.’ They did that and Peter went into Don’s office, which was open and stood just inside the door. Heather was standing facing Don across his desk and they were chatting about what he wanted Heather to do first thing Monday morning. She was to close an account and chase hard for the outstanding payment as he had heard the customer was having difficulties. From where Peter was standing he could see the large wet patch on Heather’s skirt but from Don’s viewpoint it was invisible. Peter found it a little surreal, Don talking normally and Heather standing there in soaked skirt and knickers. After a few moments Don had finished talking to Heather and Peter was able to position himself so that Heather could escape behind his back without Don seeing her soaked skirt.

About 20 minutes later Don called out a general, ‘Good bye, see you Monday,’ and was gone. As his car left the car park Peter went into the corridor and called out, ‘Meeting in the kitchen !’ Sian and Heather were there in moments, Sian still looking a bit shocked and Heather was quite keyed up but still wearing her wet skirt. She gave Peter a hug and said, ‘God! You saved my bacon there thank you so much. I knew Don couldn’t see anything all the time I was facing him but I was dreading turning round to come out of his office.’

‘Well’, Peter said smiling, ‘you wanted a buzz, was that buzz enough for you?’ Heather replied, ‘That was quite enough excitement for one day but it was enjoyable to be very nearly caught and knowing that all the time I was talking to Don I was in wet knickers, that was a charge.’ Sian said that she thought they would need to be a little more careful in the future if Don made a habit of calling in on a Saturday but Heather said, ‘It was a one-off he said, just to catch me before Monday as he will not be in the office first thing and he wanted this done asap and as he knew I like to work Saturday mornings to catch up he called in on his way somewhere else. Interesting though, do you know what he said to me? He blamed me mildly for not noticing the account was a bit further in arrears than we like but he wasn’t overly mad or anything. He just said if it happened again he might have to pretend to slap my legs!’

‘he likes you’ Sian said, ‘that’s clear, watch him Heather!’

‘Oh he’s alright’ Heather replied, ‘he flirts very gently but I think it’s only a joke, if I took him up on it he would panic like mad!’ They all laughed and Heather went to change. She had brought jeans to change into which was why she couldn’t do a quick change before talking to Don, a change from skirt to jeans would have been too obvious.

The following two Saturdays passed without anything to spoil the ‘Saturday Club’ activities and by the second Saturday things were back to normal. The Tuesday following Don called Heather into his office to discuss the debtors position and a couple of accounts looked to be getting worse so Don asked Heather to tighten up on them a little. Heather was happy to agree the measures he suggested then said, ‘I’ll get on that right away Don, I don’t want to risk a leg slapping do I?’ Don laughed and agreed but with a wry smile on his face. Later that week Heather had to admit a mistake to Don in one of the accounts reports she had given him and handed him the correct version. He looked at her under his eyebrows and said, ‘that’s twice this week Heather.’ He got up from his desk and came round to her, bent down behind her and smacked his hands together beside her calves. ‘Let that be a lesson to you’ he said. Heather gave him a mock ‘little girl’ look and said, ‘Yes Sir!’

The following Monday Don had to go looking for Heather in her office because the morning Bank report he required each morning by 10 a.m. wasn’t on his desk. Heather explained that she had been held up with an usually heavy load of mail and then a couple of calls from suppliers looking for payment. Don said, ‘make this a priority please and let me have it as soon as possible.’ He left her office abruptly leaving her just a little miffed that he hadn’t shown any consideration for the workload she had that morning. Ten minutes later she went into his office with the Bank report and placed it on his desk.

‘Thank you,‘ said Don. ‘I don’t like it to be this late, you know how important it is that we keep on top of the cash-flow.’ Heather apologised again but without making reference to what had held her up that morning and went back to her own office. Later that day Don went into Heather’s office with a cup of coffee as an attempt at conciliation saying, ‘Heather, I was a little bit short this morning, sorry. I have always been a bit of a control freak I suppose but I shouldn’t take it out on you, I know you work hard.’ Heather, by now well over her pique replied, ‘I know that Don, I think we work well together most of the time so forget about it. I’m just glad not to get my legs slapped!’

‘That could be arranged said Don with a slight smile, ‘stand up’. As heather stood he went round to her side of the desk, bent down and playfully but gently slapped the back of her legs just above the knee. Heather let out a little squeal partly surprise and partly because it smarted slightly. She said, ‘If that’s as bad as it gets I think I could cope with that now and again.’

Over the next couple of weeks Heather received no less than four slaps to the legs. The last couple of times she had been wearing loose, flowing style skirts that were a few inches above her knee and Don had slapped her a little higher each time. The last time only just short of her buttocks. Finally, Don arranged to stay a little later one evening and asked Heather if she would stay back for a few minutes to discuss her pay rise, due at the end of the month. Heather, well aware of how much bolder Don had become, agreed to stay on but only for a strict half hour as she was joining a college friend for a drink.

Don started the conversation with the point that a pay rise had to be commensurate with her performance to date and told her that while her performance was well above expected she had made a few mistakes over the last few weeks. Heather agreed but said that she was learning fast and that the odd mistake was inevitable. Don told her that he wanted to give her the highest pay rise he could for her level but for that her performance needed to be flawless up to now. Heather looked a little crestfallen at that because she knew she deserved the top salary for the next pay grade.

Don said, ‘tell you what, we could offset the few errors by punishing you for them and wiping the slate clean, then I could give you the best pay rate. How does that sound?’ Heather asked, ‘what sort of punishment,’ a vague idea already forming in her mind. ‘Just a little bit more than slapped legs’, said Don. ‘Then we could turn the page and you would be on the best rate I can give you. ‘OK!’ said Heather, ‘let’s do it.’ Don got her to stand up then bend over his desk. When she was in that position he lifted her skirt completely over her back exposing her pale lemon knickers. He then proceeded to slap her bottom quite hard.

After a few slaps Heather could feel her bottom getting a little numb and her buttocks showing from her knickers glowed a little red. She was surprised to find that it actually excited her and she felt herself squirming slightly with pleasure. For the last few slaps Don smacked her harder and as he did it made her wet herself until she was dribbling down her legs almost to the floor. Don didn’t notice the few trickles down her legs, or if he did he said nothing. He promised her the new pay rate would be effective from the first of the next month, congratulated her and they both went home.

The next Saturday Heather told Peter and Sian what had happened and Sian said, ‘I told you to watch him, he’ll be getting your knickers off next!’ Heather said, ‘I don’t feel threatened by him at all, I just think he genuinely likes spanking, it’s clearly his ‘thing’. Can we talk about admitting him to the Saturday Club? The truth is I actually like it when he smacks me, am I weird?’ Peter said, ‘I know a lot of people are into corporal punishment, it’s as popular as the other things we do. Do you think your liking for it is related to your AB feelings? ‘Probably,’ Heather admitted thoughtfully.

‘I love the way you guys have accepted me and I feel very comfortable doing the things we do with each other. I would never in a million years believed that I would enjoy wetting myself or being naked with my work colleagues but now I get a great kick from it, perhaps it’s the naughtiness of it all that excites me. I would love us to get Don to join but it must be your decision, I’m only the newcomer.’ Sian replied, ‘nonsense Heather, you are very much a full ‘member’ and we will all vote and a majority should decide, you OK with that Peter?’ Peter thought about it for a minute and then said, ‘absolutely about Heather being a full voting member, I’m just not so sure about admitting Don. The more we have the more likely we are to be found out.’ Sian said, ‘you have a point there, Is Don married Peter?’

‘No, divorced about 4 years ago,’ replied Peter, ‘so there is no one to upset there. I’m the one at worst risk but Sally would be glad to be rid of me I think and if she found out about the Saturday Club she would be almost grateful for the excuse to divorce me.’ Tears welled up in Sian’s eyes as she hugged Peter and said, ‘I would take you on tomorrow Peter,’ and kissed his cheek. ‘Thank you’, said Peter, ‘I think you probably understand me better then Sally, at least I wouldn’t have to hide my wet pants!’ they both laughed then Heather said, ‘Ok you two, can we get back to the business in hand.’

Peter said, ‘in principle I have no objection to Don joining the ‘club’, I’ve known him for years and he’s a good guy but I never knew of this side of him so that would be new to us as friends to share that intimacy if you like. Let me get a chance to talk to him, maybe over a pint and then we’ll see.’ The two girls were fine with that and Peter promised to speak to Don as soon as he could. Wednesday evening was Sally’s night out with the girls and Peter normally stayed home but he rang Don and asked if he fancied a drink. Don agreed and they met at a local pub. After some normal chat and a bit of ‘shop’ talk Peter said, ‘Don, I want to ask your opinion.’

‘OK’, Said Don, ‘fire away’. Peter said, ‘You know that Sally and I are very much apart in most things and the marriage is just waiting for an excuse to give up altogether? If I told you that I have a few little foibles that I enjoy indulging in with a couple of friends would you be happy to keep that confidential? ‘Foibles?’ said Don, ‘You’re not gay are you? Peter laughed and said, ‘not at all Don, I mean a bit of naughty play now and then’.

Don, who was far from stupid, looked at Peter almost suspiciously and said, ‘who are these friends, anyone I might know?’ Peter said, ‘let me tell you a little snippet of conversation I heard between the girls in the kitchen the other day.’ Heather was talking to Sian and all I heard was, ‘a proper smack but I got the full pay rise’. Don was immediately on the defensive and bridled a little as he said to Peter, ‘I was only trying my best to help Heather get the top rate, she deserves it, but if I went a little too far I’m sorry and I hope this won’t go any further, it was a little horseplay that got out of hand.’

‘You remember we started off talking about confidentiality’, said Peter, ‘well this is where I was going. We both have reason to keep each other’s confidences and if you can promise me that, I have a proposition for you.’

To say Don was surprised would be an understatement and he said a trifle suspiciously, ‘what sort of proposition?’

‘Come along to the office Saturday morning’, said Peter, ‘and it will be a little clearer.’ Peter would not be drawn further on the matter and despite his probing questions Don agreed to turn up at the office the following Saturday.

The following Saturday Peter, Sian and Heather were in the office by 9 a.m. and by the time Don arrived they had made good progress on the work to be done. Don went straight to Peter’s office and said, ‘OK, I’ve been very patient now what sort of proposition do you have for me?’

‘Let’s go and get a cup of Coffee’, Peter suggested, ‘and I’ll explain.’ Once they were in the kitchen Peter called Sian and a moment later Sian appeared in the doorway stark naked and said, ‘Hi Don’. Don’s eyes widened in surprise but before he could say anything Heather walked in wearing a very short skirt, a dummy in her mouth and with a rustle of plastic. She smiled at him and said, ‘I’ve been a naughty girl Don’. Don heard a patter on the floor and turned to see Peter had completely wet himself and was still dribbling onto the floor. Peter smiled and said, ‘welcome to the Saturday Club Don!’

###

© Roger Ireland 2020

*010*2020-05-01 17:35

Part one and two now in text

Best,

Roger.

*012*2020-05-02 19:32

Hi Melificentfan,

So pleased you are enjoying the Saturday Club. Part two was to be the end, it's all I have written so far. Do you think it should go on? If so I will have to put my thinking cap on again !

Best,

Roger.

*016*2020-05-03 23:12

Hi Guys and Gals,

Thank you so much for the compliments, much appreciated.

Strange though it may sound I actually like the story too. Occasionally I write one that doesn't really do it for me but this one had me excited quite a few times as I was writing it so I'm glad you like it as well.

As I explained, Part two was to be the conclusion but Part three has begun and I'll get it up here as soon as I can.

Watch this space - well maybe from Thursday onward !

Best,

Roger,

*017*2020-05-12 14:05

Hi Folks,

Thanks a million for your comments. Part Three is now up - hope you like it - do please let me know.

Thanks

Roger Ireland

