This dormitory is good Part 3

Author: Rune Vesgina

*000*2020-08-30 08:48

The next day after playing a game with Chalon Nick woke up that morning, brushed his teeth, took a bath, dressed and exercised in his room, or engaged in various activities during the day. He grabbed a bottle of green tea in the fridge and intended to give Eli because of the incident yesterday. Chalon piss himself, so he forgot two bottles of green tea to give to his roommate.He was in front of the room 205 and loosened a hand and knocked on the door, but no one responded, so Nick knocked on the door again but Eli didn't respond at all, so Nick decided to wait in front of her room. The woman came down from the third floor, carrying a carrying bag to go shopping. She stopped at Nick for a moment and greeted him.

“ Hey Nick, isn't it? What are you doing here? ” She is Menoa, aged about 21 years.

Nick knew her a week ago but didn't really meet each other.

“ Miss Menoa ”

Nick and Menoa talked downstairs. Menoa picked up Nick's green tea, but Nick didn't pay attention.

“ In short, you will reconcile her with green tea. *gulp* *gulp* ”

“ Probably thought she didn't dare to see my face anymore I don't know what to do. ”

Nick spoke but looked at him as empty as Menoa, who saw Nick's condition and slapped him in the back to warn.

“ Don't think too much. Eli is not a person who hates anyone because of all this. ”

Menoa spoke and continued to drink green tea, and she completely drank it.

“ HAAAAAAAA ”

Manoa picked up her carrying bag and asked Nick.

“ Um, will you go shopping with me? ”

Nick thought for a while, but he nodded to agree, and Menoa wore her robe, wore a helmet and let Nick sit in the big bike cushion behind her. Menoa rides a big bike to a mall in the city, which is very far. After Nick and Menoa entered the mall for a short while, Manoa grabbed Nick's hand and took him to the food ingredients zone.

“ Um, Miss Menoa, you want to buy something? ”

Menoa didn't answer Nick and she seemed to be looking for something and ran to the vegetable zone and took out the Chinese cabbage.

“ This is what I want. I plan to make Sukiyaki. Will you come to eat too? ”

“ If there is no problem in the evening ”

Nick sighed a little and thought to himself.

( Oh, mention Sukiyaki. So the rest of the ingredients )

Nick and Menoa go to buy sukiyaki ingredients, but along the way, Menoa squeezes her thighs a little so that Nick doesn't notice. After 15 minutes, the coolness of the mall air conditioner and the bathroom of the mall is far from where they are. Menoa breathed softly, squeezed his thighs and walked awkwardly. Nick isn't a person who can't look at people, so he asks Menoa.

“ Miss Menoa, are you okay or do you want to go to the bathroom? ”

“ I'm fine. Just this. I can still hold it. ”

And Nick and Menoa arrived at the final ingredient but Menoa put her hand in her vagina and bounced her back and forth.

“ Miss. Menoa, if you can't do it, don't force it, or else you will ease yourself in front of the mall. ”

“ No, I said I'm fine ..... Ah! ” Menoa leaked out and a drop of golden liquid would be in her skirt.

“ Miss. Menoa, I know that you don't want to show your weakness to me but you have to use the bathroom. ”

Menoa bounced back and forth and had to give up on Nick and accepted.

“ But I can't move. If I move, I'll piss my….AH! ”

Nick didn't listen to Menoa until the end, and held Menoa in the position to hold the bride and ran to the bathroom of the nearest mall. Menoa's urine droplets still come out along the way and her skirt now has dark spots and she squeezes her thighs tightly on Nick's hands.In the end, Nick brought Menoa to the bathroom, but the female toilet now has a very long wait. This is what Menoa couldn't hold.

“ Ah! no it'll come out already. ”

Menoa hurried to the men's bathroom but there was a boy coming out of the toilet. So Manoa hid the nook near her. Nick, who ran after Menoa, saw that her tears were washing her cheeks and spoke agitated.

“ Why does this have to happen to me? ”

Her skirt is darker and a golden liquid is pouring out of her vagina. Menoa couldn't stop the flow and it came out of her vagina. She was squatting, putting her hands around her knees together so that Nick couldn't see her wet pee's skirt. Nick saw Menoa's embarrassing appearance covering her head and grabbed her hand into the man's bathroom and entered the bathroom stall.

“ What are you doing? ”

Then Nick pulled down Menoa's skirt, and then pulled her white underwear so it was on her knees, revealing Menoa's wet pussy.

“ So embarrassing. Do I have to show my pussy to a younger man? ”

And Nick took out the tissue and wiped the Menoa's pee stain that stained her legs and pussy until clean and let Menoa put her underwear and skirt back as usual.

Nick and Menoa then traveled to the car park and rode back to the dormitory. On the way, there were uninterrupted glances at Menoa's skirt, and Menoa then rode the big bike back to the dormitory.

“ Thank you for shopping with me. ”

“ Never mind, you also helped me. ”

Menoa was going up to the third floor but she stopped in the middle of the stairs and she told Nick that

“ I have to repay you ”

Then, Menoa discussed her skirt up, now she didn't wear underwear, and then Menoa's pussy had nothing to hide Nick immediately blushed upon seeing Manoa's pussy and covered his face in order not to see it and for a while she pulled her skirt back.

“ Hahaha. I hope to see you again. ”

“ Yes, I hope too ”

Nick and Menoa returned to their room to continue living.

END.....

