The Desperate Coworker

Author: Redboi

*000*2022-06-04 21:10

Hi there everyone! Sorry for the long inactive streak, I’ve been very busy with school ending and my new job so I haven’t been that active on the site, however I have returned to write this story here. As for this story, it comes from personal inspiration, and thus I shall be writing it from a personal viewpoint. My coworkers are all such nice people, but my mind tends to at some points daydream or fantasize about events, plausible or not, taking place. This story is not true in any form and to assure that I’ll be using filler names for the characters to preserve their identities and to uphold the fictional criteria. I hope you enjoy!

The Desperate Coworker:

Prying open the doors to our sports apparel shop my mind was deflated. Morning shifts always required my brain to start working an hour earlier than usual and my brains cogs hadn’t started to turn yet. Rubbing the sleep out of my eyes I rang the doorbell only to be answered by Ben. We gave each other our morning greetings as I strolled into the building and towards the back room to go clock in.

I approached the footwear section where I saw a familiar face that I didn’t expect to see. Despite her not sharing a shift with me, Leah was working morning shift today. I had started working at this place around 3 or so months ago and had met all of the fellow coworkers. I had made some great friends there but Leah was someone I was kind of attached to from the start.

What drew me in from the start was her stellar frame and her beautiful face. As I got to know her she displayed a care free attitude that beamed down on me and made me feel comfortable to talk with her about anything. Her gleaming brunette locks gave away her identity as I walked past our footwear section. I wanted to greet her but she was conversing with our store manager so I decided to just go clock in and prepare for our opening meeting.

Our meeting was as chill as any morning with the same material as always. Chris gave us our sage advice and then complained about customers, which was fitting since a customer had apparently written a bad review of our store. Now, this wouldn’t be so bad, if they hadn’t written it at four in the morning. Everyone had a good laugh at that, with all of us six coming to the same consensus: “who the hell writes a review at 4 AM?” As we sat around laughing I noticed Leah shifting her position and squirming a little. My mind started to wander off but the rational side of my 8 AM brain slapped me back to reality.

Chris had his last remarks and then went over the game plan. “Alright, so Jake, you’ll be back in footwear. Vanessa, you’ll be in clothing. Pete, you’ll be in sports equipment and golf. And Alex and Leah, you’ll be up front on register. It’s going to be a busy day so I want two people minimum on register until it starts dying down. Most to everyone else will be coming in shortly. Alright, let’s get going.”

A six hour shift in of itself wasn’t going to be that bad for me. The time usually went by pretty fast and I at least had someone to keep me company. As I set up my sensors and scanner, Leah made her way towards me with an energy drink in her hand. She was slowly shifting from side to side but had a calm look on her face. “How are you doing this morning Leah?”

She looked back at me and smiled, “doing fine, tired, but fine.”

”Did you see Jake, he looked like a zombie!” I was pretty sure Jake wasn’t going to last the day.

”Yeah, he didn’t look too hot for sure.” She continued to squirm in place, but I decided to not question her.

I handed her the bottle. “Yeah, hopefully we can all last the day though.”

She shrugged her shoulders, “we’ll just have to wait and see.” Apparently Jake wasn’t the only one she was talking about, and not for the reason I thought either.

The first few hours itself were pretty normal. Very few people showed up and I was able to talk with Leah some about future plans. She was currently working two jobs at this point, so she was all booked up schedule wise. She was having a hard time connecting her words together and her legs were pressed together. It honestly looked pretty obvious that she was struggling but I still didn’t want to make it look like I was paying attention to it.

On went the shift through the next hour. I had gotten a couple more bad customers but nothing would have prepared me for what happened next. A huge line had formed behind the registers and the line kept expanding. I looked back at Leah, who’s eyes showed a great deal of concern. She was shaking at this point and her lip was curled back. I couldn’t tell how desperate she was but I didn’t want to take any risks. The irrational side of my brain was sending waves of what ifs to my mind, but my rational side wanted to help her in any way. “Hey Leah, are you alright? Do you need me to call a backup for you?”

She shook her head at me, “it’s fine, I just need to pee. I’ll go after this line goes away,” she whispered.

I nodded at her. I still wasn’t confident in her abilities though.

The line continued to maintain its strength of people as my patience and Leah’s bladder strength grew thin. I only hoped for her not to experience public humiliation at this point. At least she wore black yoga pants today, so if she leaked no one could tell the difference. I occasionally looked back at her after every customer. She looked like she was out of time and it was only a matter of time before the one inevitable happened.

Leah then called me over to the register, “hey Alex, could you umm, help me?” I made my way over there to her. She was grabbing her crotch with one hand and was shaking profusely. She whispered into my ear, “I’m not going to make it.”

Those words sent shivers down my spine. I tried to whisper to her but before I could do that I heard a faint noise of her voice, “oh god, it’s happening.” At this time I heard a faint hissing sound followed by the sound of running water. Rivets of pee cascaded down her legs but didn’t patter onto the ground but instead soaked up into the mats we had under our feet. I could not only hear the faint sound of her sighing with relief but could also feel her body heat in close proximity. Immediately upon hearing the trickling I tried to communicate with the customers as if nothing was wrong. They didn’t seem to know what was happening since they couldn’t see it. Leah had her head down and I could tell she was crying. Thankfully, no one else besides me could see what was going on. As she continued to go I could see the carpet start to darken near where I was standing. The pee spread about everywhere and carpet turned a shade of dark gray.

As she finished I made my way over to help with more customers. As I served the last customer she had her head planted down and I could hear the faint sound of her sobbing. I called up my manager, “hey Chris, is it alright if Leah takes a break for a couple minutes. She feels sick.”

”yep, it’s all good.”

I went over to her to go comfort her. I hadn’t previously made any physical contact with her but I put my hand on her shoulder while trying to avoid the wet carpets. She looked up at me with swollen red eyes and a devastated look. I tried to console her, “look, it’s all good. No one knows what happened. I’ll just tell Chris there was a spill here. Just head to the bathroom and go get cleaned up. I’ll try to explain it to him.” She nodded at me and was off in a flash. Her beautifully sized but had a very subtle but decently sized wet patch on it that couldn’t really be seen unless you were looking for it.

The rest of the day went by quick. Leah didn’t return to register and Jake came and backed me up, and I made sure to lie about the mat situation to him. As I clocked out and walked out someone was waiting for me in the parking lot. Leah ran up to me and embraced me, still wearing her wet yoga pants. “Thank you so much, you’re the best.”

I didn’t know what to say. “No, it’s fine Leah. I was just concerned for you before. Hope you’re feeling better now.”

She smiled at me, “I definitely am now that I see you. Speaking of which,” before she could finish she pressed her lips up against mine, causing me to nearly blast off to outer space. “That, is for saving my dignity back there.”

She then turned around and made her way to her car. “See you tomorrow!” What a day.

Thanks for reading! I hope you enjoyed this and I also have a question for you guys. If time permits, I can write this in Leah’s point of view. Would you be interested in that? Let me know if you are.

*001*2022-06-25 16:16

Hey everyone! Since the first part of this story got such positive feedback, I’ve decided that I’ll give a different pov. This part will be in the pov of Leah, told in her voice. Enjoy!

The desperate coworker: Leah

Ever since I had moved to this store things couldn’t have gone any worse for me. Granted, everyone here has been nice but life outside of that has been cruel.

My boyfriend and I got into a huge fight over his new truck and now he hasn’t responded to my texts for the past two days. I’m thinking he wants nothing to do with me, and to be honest, I think I’m over him anyways. I’m starting to be on thin ice at my other job, meaning I probably will be fired the next time I breathe in the store. The one positive out of all of this is that it’s summer and I don’t need to worry about college. I can just focus on work.

One of the things about working at the same place for a while, in which case for me it’s only been a couple months, you can usually tell who is working in the morning just by what cars were in the parking lot. It looked like the only person here was Chris, but usually Pete and Alex were here on Saturday mornings with me. My mind desired to see Alex there. Of all of the people I had met here at the new place, he alone has made me feel belong here.

The guy is super very smart and funny. He’s also very sweet; every chance he’s gotten he’s complimented me in some way. I know he’s into me; I’ve seen him staring at my figure many times and honestly I can’t help but look at him as well. He’s decently built for being a thin cross country runner and I can tell he works out. I hope he asks for my number.

My bladder took my mind away from him. I had forgotten to go to the bathroom this morning before work and I felt a decent need to go heading in. It’s fine, I’ll just go when I head in, I told myself. What happened next was shocking to say the least.

I approached the back of the store only to see that the girls bathroom was out of order. How the hell does that even happen? I guess I’ll just have to ask Chris.

…

”What do you mean someone clogged all the toilets?”

Peyton almost looked amused. Maybe he saw my concerned expression when he told me about what had happened. “What else can I say Leah? People are dim as shit. Someone went in there last night sometime and clogged all the toilets. I don’t know what else to tell you. We’re getting somewhere here in a couple hours after open to fix them, do you think you’ll be fine until then?”

I hesitated, “yes, I’ll try.”

He shook his head. I knew where this was going, “no, do or do not. There is no try. Also we need you to restock the footwear shelves.”

Why does he do his lame Star Wars quips when he knows I need to pee? This is going to be a long day, isn’t it?

…

After about an hour and a half of restocking the shelves the last bit of workers started piling in 15 minutes before opening. My heart jumped a beat as I saw Alex walk past. I don’t think he saw me, but I hope he did. He might have caught a glimpse of my body, I had worn my extra tight black yoga pants in hope that he would pay more attention to my curves. However, this didn’t help too much as the material tugged at my bladder, to my body’s discontent.

At the opening meeting we heard the same stuff as usual. Metrics, customer service, blah blah blah. The same old stuff. Most of my focus was on the heavy pressure on my bladder. It had gotten bad at this point, and standing still didn’t help whatsoever.

”And Leah, you’ll be up front with Alex. We need a designated backup until at least after lunch, it’s going to be packed.” My bladder groaned in agony. On one hand however, this was a good thing. Alex would be up here too, and it’s always nice being around him. On the other hand, it’s going to be near impossible to keep my mind off my rapidly filling bladder. Additionally, I usually got an energy drink before my shift in the morning. In typical fashion, I went to the cooler and grabbed my drink and made my way over to Alex.

“Doing alright this morning Leah?”

I shrugged. “Tired but alright otherwise.” I couldn’t help but shift a little bit from side to side as my yoga pants pushed down on my inflated bladder. I tried engaging in conversation with him, and Alex looked like he was focusing on ringing me up, but he knew something was wrong, I could see it in his eyes.

He handed me the drink. I cracked it open and took a sip. He smiled at me, “well hopefully this goes by quickly.”

I smiled back at him, “yeah, let’s hope.”

…

The shift could not get any worse than this. Working did anything but take off the pain, in fact the drink I had made it a lot worse. The fact that I was more awake made my awareness of my need even more apparent, and it was only a couple hours in. The worst part: customers were everywhere and I didn’t see anyone go to fix the bathroom. Alex saw my constant shifting around. “Hey Leah, are you alright, do you want me to call backup?”

I shook my head at him. “No, it’s fine.” There was no point. Until the bathroom was fixed, I couldn’t go in the first place. Chris certainly wouldn’t let me leave the store. I’d just have to wait and see, but I wasn’t sure how much longer I could go for.

…

I was at my limit. My body shook like I had just fallen into a frozen pond. My bladder begged for release, and I all I wanted was for all of this to be over. At this point I didn’t care where my pee went as long as it was out of my bladder. I weighed my options. Chris was on his break, so I couldn’t ask to leave the store. The store was packed, so I couldn’t ask for a replacement. I momentarily thought about just peeing into my leggings. I had done it before when I couldn’t hold it anymore, but never in public. It seemed like the only viable option, but I needed some way to make sure the customers didn’t see or hear what was happening. I knew my time was running thin.

My mind struck an idea. Alex could cover my back side if I somehow could get him over here. I called him over. As he walked over I saw a bulge in his pants growing. Does he know? And even more importantly, does he like this?

”What’s up, what do you need?” He sounded concerned but I could hear a tint of excitement in his voice.

I decided to be blunt with him as I whispered into his ear, “I can’t hold it anymore. I’m going to pee myself here, I need you to cover me.”

I saw his eyes light up with utter elation. At that point my body relaxed knowing that he had me covered. At first a little trickle of pee tickled my purple panties and then spread across my crotch. “It’s happening,” I whispered. Instantly I felt wetness spread down my right and left leg. My trickle soon began to form into a stream and then into a torrent. As pee flowed out of my body I put my head down on the table to let my emotions flow out. In an effort to save my dignity I felt and heard Alex try to drown out the sound of fluids rushing out of my nether region. In the process I felt his rock hard erection press up against my ass cheeks. The mere sensation of that made my chest pump and my heart flutter.

As my stream slowed down I felt myself come back to reality. The feeling of relief was instantly replaced with a feeling of dread. Tears started to stream down my eyes as I overheard Alex speaking over the walkie. Then I heard him whisper in my ear, “look, it’s all good. Just go home and forget about what happened. I’ll explain this to Chris.” I looked up at him all teary eyed. I wanted to hug him and hold onto him forever at this moment but that would have to wait.

…

I went back to my car and sat for him. I knew he wouldn’t care about my pants situation. He saved my dignity, so I might as well show my gratitude to him.

As I saw him walk out, I went up to him in the middle of strangers and embraced him tightly, my soaked yoga pants clinging onto him in the process. I wanted to pour out my feelings to him, but that would have to wait. As he rambled on about how anyone would have done the same thing, I took thing time to intercept his line by having my lips hit his and stick there. I enjoyed it so much. This moment I had been waiting for for a long time. At this point I noticed my bladder was getting a bit more full. Without hesitation I released and let the remaining contents flow into my yoga pants, resoaking them and creating a little puddle on the ground. This turned out to be a great day after all.

Thanks for reading! Hope you enjoyed this part. I certainly enjoyed writing it for sure.

