It's Just One of Those Things

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2016-03-29 07:26

The monotonous back-and-forth whoomp of Seth’s windshield wipers lulled the college student into a sort of driver’s trance as he mindlessly focused on the road in front of him.

He wasn’t quite sure why it was raining. He distinctly remembered the weather forecast claiming a remarkably low 10% chance of rain. The radar didn’t show any storm clouds nearby either, and it had been sunny all day. But like everything else in this backwater town, he wasn’t really surprised when it started.

Still, he had to go out regardless.

Well, had to was a bit strong, at this point.

“I swear to god, Rose,” he had stated rather firmly. The messages were still on his phone to prove it, “If you call me up in the middle of the night piss drunk and ask me to come get you, I’m going to tell you to fuck off.”

And yet here he was.

In hindsight, he should’ve known Kat was gonna get shitfaced. He didn’t want to think about how she was going to get her father’s truck home in one piece, but he was glad Rose hadn’t gotten in the vehicle with Kat just to spite him for preemptively denying her a ride.

“I promse itll neer happen agian! Just com get me please! I’ll even suk yoru dick or soemthinf”

“Fine. And you didn’t have to add that last part.”

Yeah. Rose was really drunk, and leaving her alone at a bar was not something he wanted to do, despite his threats.

Seth saw his turn coming up and slowed down substantially, not wanting to skid on the wet road. Turning into the rather obscurely placed bar, he scanned the bar’s entrance for his friend.

Rose was sitting rather pathetically on the curb of the sidewalk in front of the doors. The bar’s lights were off—it was well past 2—and the doors were locked. Still, that didn’t explain why Rose wasn’t sitting two-feet back, where an awning jutted out from above the entranceway and shielded the sidewalk below from the downpour.

Rose perked up like a wet kitten that had just spotted its owner and stood up at the sight of Seth’s car. Without waiting for the car to completely stop first, the blonde-haired girl sauntered up to the passenger-side door and tugged on it uselessly.

Seth rolled his eyes and unlocked the door, timing it so that Rose’s constant tugs wouldn’t prevent the door from unlocking properly. The girl hopped in, soaking wet, and sat right down on the passenger seat with almost no consideration for the car.

Seth didn’t mention it. It was only water, and he was positive that Rose would point this out to him, even in her drunk state.

As Rose closed the car door and Seth pulled away, Rose looked over at her raven-haired friend.

“Sorry about this, again,” she spoke, her voice somewhat slurred but her words quite audible, “Kat’s a dumbass. She downed two screwdrivers before I could remind her she had to drive.”

“It’s fine,” Seth replied, “I’d rather have to get up in the middle of the night and go out to a backwater place like this than find out you went and got yourself abducted because you were drunk and someone took advantage of you.”

Rose rolled her eyes in that overdramatic fashion that only a drunk person could pull off just right, “Geez, Seth, you’re sooo melodramatic. But thanks for worryin’ about me.”

Seth sighed, keeping his eyes trained on the road. The rain was getting pretty bad, but at least there wasn’t that much traffic at this late hour.

Rose bounced up and down in her seat a bit before turning to Seth and placing a finger on her lips.

“Hey, Seth?”

“What?”

“How many times have I done this to you?”

“Uh…” Seth paused, splitting his tasks between focusing on the increasingly-difficult-to-see road ahead of him and counting, “Fourteen, I think.”

“No way! It’s only been like,” Rose paused, as though she were counting. After a brief moment, she shook her head, “not that many, at least.”

“No, it’s fourteen. There was the two times the week you turned 21, then that one time I went to the bar with you, left because you told me Kat had you covered, and then had to come back because Kat decided to get drunk and let Geoff drive her home alone. Then there was Halloween night, that one time during Thanksgiving break, four times over winter break, once the first week of classes, twice during the first half of the semester, and twice over spring break.”

Rose paused again, crossing her legs and furrowing her brow.

“Are you sure it was four times over winter break?”

“The last day of finals last semester, Christmas night, New Year’s Eve, and two nights before the start of this semester.”

“Damn,” Rose snapped her fingers, “I was sure I hadn’t done this to you that much.”

“It’s becoming quite the habit,” Seth noted, trying not to sound too irritated.

“Sorry!” Rose noted, “It’s just… you’re so reliable compared to Kat. I’d ask Hank, but he’d totally want to get in my pants or something. You know how Hank is. And I’m mad at Geoff ever since he fucked Kat the last time he took her home. Like, not in a rape-y sort of way, just in a ‘I don’t like you but I know you like me so I’ll fuck you when you’re drunk’ sort of way.”

Seth nodded, “Yeah, I like Geoff, it’s just… he can be a bit fickle at times.”

“Right?” Rose nodded, bouncing yet again, “I mean, why won’t he just date Kat already? She’s totally head-over-heels for him even after he did that, and yet he’s just all ‘I like someone else’ or some other coy bullshit.”

The reality was that Geoff actually liked Rose, but Seth wasn’t about to drop that bomb on the drunk blonde.

“I mean, Kat’s sexy as hell, right? Seth, you like girls, right? You’d date Kat, right?”

“Well, I don’t know if I’d date her,” Seth noted, “but she’s definitely attractive.”

“Why wouldn’t you date her!?” Rose yelled, looking almost mad. Seth looked over at the blonde, who was fidgeting around in her seat as though she were agitated.

“I mean, I knew Kat back in middle school,” Seth replied, “I’ve been her friend for so long she’s basically as alluring as a brick wall to me.”

“Hahahahaha!” Rose laughed, rolling around and shaking her knees in laughter “That’s a better answer than ‘I like someone else’! You passed!”

“Thanks,” Seth deadpanned, sparing a passing glance to the girl next to him.

He hadn’t noticed it before, but Rose had taken a rather unusual position in the seat.

Rather, that was to say, Rose was sitting in a rather stiff position, crossing her legs with a hand jammed between her eyes.

Due to the road conditions, he had only been able to look at her for a brief moment, but he still had a suspicion he knew what was wrong.

Even still, Rose—as drunk as she was—didn’t keep him guessing for long.

“Seth, how much further,” Rose asked, “I gotta piss like crazy.”

“Normally, I’d say 15 minutes, but probably more like 25 with this kind of rain.”

Rose arched an eyebrow, “Wait, 15, your place or mine?”

“Mine,” Seth noted, “You’re soaked and I know if I just dropped you off at your place you’d crawl into bed in those wet clothes and get sick. You need a shower and a change of clothes.”

Rose rolled her eyes, “Fine, mom, your place it is.”

After that, the conversation died down, Seth and Rose merely sitting in relative silence as they both focused on their own tasks. Every so often, a soft moan would escape Rose’s lips as she squirmed around in Seth’s car seat, pressing her thighs together firmly.

“Seth,” Rose spoke up again, “I’m not gonna make it to your place.”

Seth looked over at Rose, sparing short glance at the girl. She was shaking in place, her legs crossing and uncrossing as she bounced up and down in her seat.

“There’s nowhere to stop,” Seth noted, “I’ll be about ten more minutes. Can’t you hold it that long?”

“I had to piss before you came to pick me up,” Rose whined, “I couldn’t get back into the bar, so I had to wait for you. I was actually gonna pee myself and let the rain wash it out, but then you showed up, so I stopped.”

So that’s why she was sitting out in the rain earlier.

Seth sighed, “Just try to hold on, I’ll drive as fast as I can in this weather.”

Rose nodded, biting her lip and letting out another soft moan as she clutched herself tightly.

As time went on, Rose found herself entirely unable to sit still, rotating back and forth as she scissored her thighs open and closed and pressed firmly against her crotch. Her back was arched, and her brow was lined with a thin layer of sweat from the efforts of holding it in.

The rain outside did nothing to help her, the constant pattering and splashing as rivulets of water ran down the sides of Seth’s car. Rose tried to close her eyes to get all the rain out of her mind, but the sounds made it worse. On top of that, her clothing was still wet, and the crotch of her pants being cold and damp made pressing it against herself tighter a double-edged sword.

Rose pressed her teeth together forcefully, trying to do anything that could get her mind off of peeing. The last thing she wanted to do was piss all over Seth’s car seat. So she continued to struggle against her body’s needs, squirming and whimpering and shaking as her desperation mounted.

Seth turned off of the four-lane highway they had driven down for quite some time and onto a smaller two-lane road—the one his apartment complex was on.

“We’re almost there, just a few more minutes.”

Rose nodded, not even bothering to answer with words. The blonde had almost entirely stopped moving, her thighs pressed firmly together and her whole body violently shaking from the strain of holding it in. The girl stared straight ahead, waiting desperately for Seth’s car to turn into the parking lot at his apartment complex.

When it finally did, Rose once again returned to her desperate dance.

As Seth parked the car, he unlocked the doors and Rose practically sprung out of his car like a bullet. Seth couldn’t see her thanks to the heavy rain and the light in the roof of his car, but he expected she was bounding her way up the flights of stairs to his apartment.

Sighing, Seth got out of his car and prepared to chase after her so as not to keep her waiting.

As it turned out, he didn’t need to.

Rose was still standing right next to the passenger’s side of his car, looking rather petrified.

It didn’t take long for Seth to realize why.

She was peeing herself.

It was hard to tell in the heavy rain, but there was a constant stream of yellow-tinged wetness running down from between Rose’s legs. The stream was hard and forceful, visible even in the downpour that had plagued his entire drive to the bar and back, and the look of sheer terror on Rose’s face as she pissed herself in the parking lot of Seth’s apartment complex was only confirmation that Seth wasn’t imagining things.

Rose peed for quite a while before she stopped.

When she finally did, the blonde looked at Seth rather sheepishly.

“I’m sorry,” Rose replied, sniffling, though Seth couldn’t tell if she was sniffling from tears of from standing out in the cold rain for so long, “I really couldn’t hold it any longer.”

“It’s fine, at least you didn’t do it in the car.”

Rose nodded silently, looking down at the remnants of the puddle she made. Even now, it was already being washed away by the rain.

Seth silently beckoned Rose and the two began to make their way up the external stairway to reach the floor Seth’s apartment was on. As they climbed, Rose leaned into Seth and pressed her shoulder against his. Her body was shivering, but Seth couldn’t tell if that was from the rain, the alcohol, or what had just happened.

“Say, Seth,” Rose spoke, leaning her head against his shoulder.

“Yeah?”

“How many times have I done that to you?”

“Twice,” Seth replied without hesitation.

“No way, this was totally the first time!” Rose retorted.

“No, it was twice,” Seth noted, “The first time, you did it on my bathroom floor.”

“Are you sure?” Rose asked, “When was that?”

“The day after your 21st birthday. It was a Friday, and the first night you went to that shitty old bar.”

“Damn,” Rose snapped her fingers, “I was sure this was the first time I wet myself in front of you.”

"Maybe this will become your next habit," Seth pondered.

"Absolutely not!" Rose frowned, stomping her foot as they reached the last step.

Seth grinned, stopping as the two of them made it to the door of apartment, “Well, it doesn’t matter. Now let’s get inside before we both catch colds.”

