The New Nurse

Author: Red Simpson

*000*2020-11-09 23:40

Hello again, got another story from the Sims with inspiration from a video from DestinationKat where she has an accident in her scrubs outfit I'd highly recommend watching it before or after reading this story.

As always feel free to leave me any suggestions as to what stories you'd like see from me and any feedback would be great to hear, I hope you all enjoy.

###

$$

$$

In the heart of the city lies the best hospital around, those who go in are always greeted with a smile and treated as quickly as possible and some say it holds the best and tightest batch of men and women around, although today one woman would break that seal of quality.

$$

This is Rebecca, the newest Nurse in the crew.

$$

She'd been studying and training to become a Nurse ever since she left school, it was all she wanted to become as helping people came naturally to her.

$$

However, she had a rather embarrassing secret, this was her small bladder.

$$

$$

Despite that she wasn't going to back down from doing her duty and getting her job done.

$$

Rebecca: "Ah Mrs Barker would you please come with me please, I'd like to performs some tests for you ailment." she says with a smile.

Mrs Barker: "Alright lead the way Nurse." she nods.

$$

Rebecca: "Alright Mrs Barker, if you lie on that bed this shouldn't take......" Suddenly Rebecca felt a massive pressure spike in her abdomen.

$$

$$

$$

She felt an overwhelming urge to pee as her small bladder was reaching it's limit.

Rebecca's thoughts: "Shit...I thought I had more time....damm coffee." she thinks as she tries as hard as she can to get her bladder under control almost forgetting about Mrs Barker.

$$

Mrs Barker: "It shouldn't take what sweetie?" she asks.

Rebecca: "Long.....it shouldn't take long..." she replies as her body trembles over the weight in her bladder.

$$

$$

Rebecca's thought: "Ok....it's ok I've held it for longer than this......just need to finish up with Mrs Barker then I can go pee." she thinks to herself as she heads for Mrs Barker.

$$

Rebecca: "Ok....so it turns out all you have is a bad skin rash Mrs Barker it's nothing to......worry about." Rebecca says before losing her composure.

$$

$$

Rebecca feels her bladder let go for a second dampening her undies and once it tasted relief it wanted more.

Mrs Barker: "Um.....Sweetie? are you ok?" she asks but.....

$$

$$

Rebecca: No....Nooo shit this can't be happening......" she whines openly as she feels control slipping away and the feeling of intense desperation was replaced with the warm sensation of relief.

$$

$$

$$

Rebecca could only watch as warm piss explodes from her bladder soaking her uniform and feeling it run down her legs, at the same time she could feel her cheeks heat up with humiliation.

$$

Rebecca's thoughts: "You have to be fucking kidding me....really?!?" she thinks to herself, how could she let herself get so involved in her work that she'd completely disregard her own biological needs.

Rebecca quickly rushes off without handing Mrs Barker off to a doctor.

$$

She managed to find a deserted room where she reflected on the accident, it took her a while to get over it and it taught her to find assistance when she had to pee.

