Desperate Doctors and Nurses

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2023-07-04 13:19

Desperate Doctors and Nurses

Doctor Eva:

Nurse Amy:

Nurse Adele:

Nurse Emily:

Nurse Kim:

Nurses Never Need It

The media was flooded with the news of an epidemic in the city of Aquina. Nobody knew where the virus originated from, but it certainly was a funny yet serious concern for the society. The virus was named as Pissera as it was making people incontinent by overhydrating their bodies and weakening their control at the same time. The streets were filled with people rushing to find the nearest bathroom. The city’s once-bustling businesses were now empty and deserted. The stench of urine filled the air, and people were starting to lose hope. Each toilet had become a breeding ground for the virus.

As the situation grew worse, the World Health Association (WHA) stepped in to take control. They dispatched a team of medical professionals to Aquina to investigate the cause of the epidemic and find a cure. The team included Doctor Eva from Czech and 4 of the strongest nurses from around the world - Emily from Netherlands, Amy from Australia, Kim from Brazil & Adele from the USA. The nurses, in particular, were supposed to be at the forefront of the battle against the epidemic, tasked with collecting urine specimens from patients and analyzing them in the lab.

@@Before they were recruited for Aquina, they would deal with so many patients in the day and ignore the urgent nature’s call. The entire gang were nominated by their countries especially for this special ability of theirs. abilities to withstand long hours of work without any trip to the bathroom. In the nurses’ community, if one can hold his/her pee it was a tremendous achievement. This group was renowned for not using any hospital bathrooms throughout their careers despite having to handle double shifts on a regular basis and maintaining on aura of strength around them. As much as they were experts at holding it for long durations, they did like to pee once in a while. It was not a demand but more of a sweet reward they gave to themselves after holding it all day. The gushers would be loud and long and nearly orgasmic. But here at Aquina, the nurses were asked to stay in residential quarters which had only one bathroom. This posed a great challenge for all of them as they didn’t like to be seen going to the bathroom for such silly bodily needs. In fact, they all used to make fun of other staff who used to take bathroom breaks. Thus, in the residential quarters, simply rushing to the bathroom after a long day at work was NOT-AN-OPTION for them.

The first day of work was not so difficult but from the 2nd day of work, the girls could barely keep still. They had not taken a full pee for over a day. The taut bulges under those tight uniforms told their story . When Dr. Eva asked them whether they needed to relieve themselves, she was returned with all sorts of answers, mostly which were to impress her.

“Me, needing the bathroom! Never!” Said Amy.

“Fucking no! This bladder has no limits!” Adele was overconfident.

“I set the rules for my bladder. If I say no, my bladder will hold it in” Emily responded.

“Nope Doctor. I cannot function normally unless my bladder is tearing apart with pressure!” Kim exclaimed.

But truth be told, despite their tall claims, Adele, Emily and Amy were having second thoughts about how long they can keep up with their act. Those tiny uniforms were not designed keeping in mind a nurse’s bladder and eventually show that would be bulging obscenely. Aquina was pushing them to their limits, daily. With so many close calls and being ridiculed by each other, their days ahead were going to be very challenging. Kim and Eva thought otherwise.

Adele started using panty liners for those moments when her bladder simply won’t stop leaking.

Amy bought sponge bars to take just the edge of her bladder when the pressure became too much.

Emily brought some indoor plants and partially relieved herself in the pots at the exact same time, twice every day.

Kim simply forced herself to hold it till she found some privacy – which was far and few. And to her dismay, every time she sneaked into the bathroom one or the other nurse would catch her and start mocking her for having a pea sized bladder. “One day I will teach YALL a lesson on holding!”

And no one knew what Eva did to manage her pressure, since no one ever heard a flush sound coming from her priavet bathroom.

In other words, since the group arrived in Aquina, they had never fully emptied themselves. As much as they hated the constant discomfort and grossness, it became a matter of pride for them to keep the bathroom unused. They were willing go to any lengths to keep up with the façade of being under control, until one fateful day.

Scene 1: The announcement The nurses were about to start their day when Eva hobbled in the empty hospital corridors. The sound of her footsteps echoed throughout. The nurses, Emily, Kim, Adele, and Amy were all gathered around the nurses' station. The group had a long day at work and their bladders were not fully relieved. A constant dull ache plagued their bellies.

Adele had run out of panty liners the previous night. The pleasure of finally letting go was so intense that she couldn’t bring herself to stop till all her stock for depleted. Fortunately for her, the pressure was still manageable in the morning.

Amy had a habit of waiting, even when she could actually take a pee. It finally caught up with her. The previous night she barely made it to the quarter dry and one she was in privacy, she simply failed to stop her gusher. The sponge started overflowing. It could only contain so much. She somehow managed to fall asleep only to be woken by an alarmingly full bladder. She attempted to dry off the sponge, but it remained soaked. She couldn’t get her much needed morning relief and cursed herself for being so careless. She determined herself to get some additional sponge from the hospital today.

Emily was no better. Her bladder begged for its scheduled relief but there was nowhere to go. She had released so much into the potted plants last night that the soil was still drenched. Clearly her lack of self-control proved to be costly in the morning. Her potted plants had still not absorbed the gusher from the previous night.

Kim’s bladder was hard as steel. Unlike the rest of the girls she had no secret tricks of relieving herself in private. She didn’t mind the excruciating discomfort though. She was so confident about her ability to hold even though her face had turned red with the efforts of keeping her filthy liquids contained. Every time she moved her boiling piss rushed to her pee hole. The girls were in the living room in the morning which left her no chance to sneak into the common bathroom. She sighed at that but didn’t mind it the pressure though. She had spent her entire childhood holding it and it was her favourite sport. The rest of the girls were jealous of her and every time she would sneak into the common bathroom for a long awaited partial relief, they would roast her.

Back to the situation, showing weakness was not an option. Eva was pretty strict with them about their bathroom habits. To act strong in front of each other and Eva, they sipped on their cups of coffee, while chatting about the latest gossip in town. Suddenly, the door to the doctor's office swung open, and Dr. Eva stepped in, looking grave and serious.

"Attention everyone," she said in a solemn voice. "I have some news that I'm afraid is not going to be easy to hear." The nurses stopped chatting and turned their attention towards the doctor, wondering what was going on.

"I'm afraid we have a new strain of the virus," Dr. Eva continued. "And the only way to minimize the risk of infection is by holding pee, at least for 2 full days. There is nowhere safe to pee as you would normally do." The room fell silent for a moment, as the nurses looked at each other with horror in their eyes. Their bladders were already throbbing with pressure and tiredness and now this!

"Like literally pee in once every two days, you mean?" Kim asked with a grin on her face.

"Its not a joke Kim" Dr. Eva was annoyed. "One needs to build and sustain enough pressure in their bladders for at least 2 days to fight off the virus. You cannot dehydrate or take partial pees or anything. By peeing only once or lesser in every two days, we can overcome the incubation period of the virus and reduce the chances of infection” The nurses all nodded, trying to act normally.

“So what I need you all to do is to talk to all the patients and ask them to hold it for two days or longer between each pee. And parallelly, please continue to collect urine samples just in case we land up with some other break through.”

Doctor Eva then went to her cabin, and watched the nurses closely through the CCTV camera, observing their every move. She could tell that each one of the nurses was pretending to act normally but in reality, they were all holding it in. It was a critical moment in the fight against the virus, and she was grateful to have such an incredible team by her side. She fought her own intense urge to pee, rooting for the nurses, who were managing to carry out their responsibilities flawlessly, despite fighting the increasing discomfort of their bladders.

@@On the other hand, Adele had mixed feelings about the situation. She had always prided herself on her ability to hold it in, but the thought of peeing only once every two days sent a shiver down her spine. On top of that she wouldn’t even be able to use her panty liners. She took a deep breath and secretly put on a tight latex bodysuit underneath her tiny nurse uniform. It felt restricting, but it was the only way she could force herself to hold it. She couldn’t help but chuckle to herself, “I can’t wait to see their looks when they will find out about my intelligent idea of wearing an outfit which makes it impossible to pee.” She had to make sure that she could hold it in for the full two days, no matter what. The only problem was that the bodysuit was a little too tight for comfort. “Oh no,” she thought to herself, “this could be a problem.” But she was determined to make it work, and so she started taking small, careful steps, hoping to keep the pressure to a minimum. "I can do this,” she whispered to herself, with a determination om her face.

Amy could hardly contain her excitement as she thought about the challenge ahead. Her competitive nature had kicked in. Holding her pee had always been a source of secret pride for her, but now she could finally show off her skills. “Holding it for two whole days – hmmm, I guess the sponge not getting dry was a sign from the universe to hold it longer.” As she went about her day, Amy drank measured amounts of water, purposely trying to stay hydrated and yet as full as possible. Every time she felt the urge to pee, she clenched her muscles and took deep breaths, determined not to give in to the temptation. She couldn’t wait to see what the other nurses had up their sleeves.

Emily was nervous that she would have to break her habit of relieving herself in her potted plants, twice a day. She felt a wave of apprehension wash over her as she contemplated the task ahead. She had always prided herself on being disciplined and having control over her body, but holding her pee for two days, every time? It seemed impossible. Yet, the gravity of the situation was not lost on her. The thought of being the one to make a difference in the world, to contribute in some small way to the defeat of the virus, was too powerful to ignore. With a deep breath, she made up her mind to push past her habits and become the hero that humanity needed. She started to strategize her approach, wondering how much water she would need to drink to be able to hold it as long as possible.

@@Kim, on the other hand thought to herself “Its nothing that I cannot control! I will show these bitches what it means to have an iron bladder!” She did the unthinkable decided to take things up a notch and began to drink diuretics to increase the pressure. She was secretly excited about the challenge and couldn't wait to see how far she could push herself. She grinned to herself as she quickly mixed up a cocktail of diuretics in her water bottle, which she stole from the med counter. She had always loved holding her pee for as long as possible, and this challenge was right up her alley. As she took a long sip of the water, she could feel her bladder throb in protest. She didn’t even pee in the morning. The game was risky but she loved the discomfort and rush of needing to pee. She was determined to be the last one standing in this challenge, and teach the rest of the girls a fitting lesson. As she went about her work, she couldn't help but feel a sense of excitement building within her.

A few hours later, Doctor Eva again got back to the screen, rocking back & forth in her seat. She saw the nurses subtly squirming and managing their daily activities. But what she didn’t like was the fact that the nurses hardly drank any water ever since the announcement. She got on the mic…

“Just so that you remember girls, not drinking water is not a solution to beat the virus. I need you all to stick to the universal drinking plan – RIGHT NOW!” The nurses were caught off guard. Except Kim, the rest of them wanted to spread out their intake but alas! They all waddled to the pantry and started chugging water, trying to act all strong and confident. Within a matter of minutes, another litre was down their throats. Their bladders violently protested this sudden unwarranted inflow of water.

Scene 2: Hour Six: Bladder Measuring Machine Kim was huffing and puffing. The diuretics and the additional stream of water raided her overworked bladder. “No no no! This can’t be good. Why is this getting so difficult! ” Her attempts to distract herself were starting to fail. “I must find out how much is exactly inside, so that I will know whether the pressure is real or is it just my mind messing with me!” Kim’s mind kept going back to the ultra-sound machine she had seen earlier in the lab. Finally, when no one was around, she snuck off to the lab and quietly checked the volume of her bladder. To her shock, the machine registered that she was already at 90% capacity – 3000ml – 16 hours. Kim started to panic. She had no idea how she was going to last for another day and a half. She cursed herself for consuming such strong diuretics.

As Kim came out, Adele caught her. She inquired Kim about her sudden visit to the ultra-sound lab. Kim tried to come up with some excuse but failed to stop Adele. Her eyes twinkled with excitement to see the machine. It was always her dream to measure her bladder and without giving a second though she put the sensors on her bladder bulge. She had always wanted to measure her bladder capacity, and now was her chance. Without giving it a second thought, she quickly put the sensors on her bladder bulge and eagerly awaited the results.

Adele couldn't help but imagine herself breaking the world record for the maximum volume inside a bladder. Her mind raced with ideas of how she would celebrate her victory, including a parade in her honour and a medal presentation ceremony. Finally, the machine beeped, and the results appeared on the screen. Adele's heart sank as she saw that her bladder was only at 50% – a meagre 1400ml – 6 hours. She couldn't believe it! She had been holding it in for hours, and it felt like there was a lot inside her bladder.

Feeling disappointed and a little embarrassed, Adele quickly left the lab and went back to her duties as a nurse. As she walked through the halls, she couldn't help but wonder how the other nurses were faring in their attempts to hold their pee. She knew one thing for sure, though – she was not going to let this defeat her. “If I’m only at 50% now, it means I can actually go up to a whopping 2800ml.” That thought alone left her salivating. She would keep trying and pushing herself to be the best pee holder she could be.

“Where were you guys up to? A few patients need help.” Emily squirmed. It was clear that counselling the patients about holding, collecting urine samples, and listening to the sound of the flush was not exactly an easy task when your bladder is crying for relief. She had never been one to take her bathroom breaks lightly - always made it a point to relieve herself in her pots, exactly the same time every day, without fail. But today was different. Today onwards she could only pee only once every two days.

Kim tried to stop Adele from talking about the bladder measuring ultrasound machine, but she simply ignored Kim and spilled the beans to Emily. “Kim, you don’t get to tell me what to do!”

Emily at once ran to the empty ultrasound room at once. Her heart raced with anticipation. She had never seen anything like it before, and the prospect of measuring her bladder fullness was both exciting and terrifying. With shaking hands, she placed the sensors on her bulging bladder and waited anxiously for the results. When they finally appeared on the screen, her jaw dropped in shock. "70% - 2100ml – 6 hours" she exclaimed in disbelief. "How is that even possible?! How the fuck am I going to last for two whole days?”

Kim and Adele watched Emily curse herself. “Come on, Emily! Don’t feel bad. You’re holding quite a full bladder. Though its nowhere close to my capacity.” Adele mocked her. Truth be told each nurse wanted to know how each of one of them were holding up, perhaps except Kim.

“O really Adele? You still think you can beat my tank?” Kim interrupted “Y’all make my fun when I try to use the toilet… now you know how it feels to be at limits.” What followed thereafter was a heated argument. Each one was determined to prove the rest about their prowess.

Scene 3: Hour Ten: Amy’s Masterplan Amy was shifting her weight from one leg to the other. “If this drinking regime, continues for a few more hours, I am literally going to pee myself”, she thought to herself, giving a quick squeeze to her crotch. “I must devise a plan and make sure that the other three lose their loads before I do.” Just then Amy happened to overhear the argument of Kim, Emily and Adele coming from the ultra-sound room. A devilish plot occurred to her, and Amy sneaked into the medical counter. She looked from one side to the other and quietly stole tablets called “Openthra”. Her heart was racing as she poured them in the coffee machine mixer. “These pills will wreak havoc on their bladder with a tsunami of pee and destroy their control!”, she greedily laughed.

An hour later, during the break time, all the trio arrived at the nurse station and poured themselves tall mugs of coffee, giving each other a knowing look. The atmosphere was tense and soon the mugs were empty. Kim, Emily and Adele had no clue what just happened with them.

Amy couldn't help but grin as her plan was put to motion. She made her way to the ultrasound machine and put the sensors on her bladder bulge. As the numbers flashed on the screen, Amy's eyes widened in shock. It read 75% capacity – 2700ml – 10 hours. She nearly jumped with glee, only to stop within a second, when her bladder angrily protested. Her bladder was uncomfortably full but still under her control. Thankfully for her, her cunning plan put her on fast track to win the competition. For the first time she felt that she could survive without using the sponge.

Back at the nurse station, Kim, and Adele were catastrophically desperate now. Their muscles were quivering. Hot frothing piss was pushing down their urethral opening like an overflowing dam. There was something wrong they sensed and went to Dr. Eva. “Help us” they wept to Eva, who herself was in a dire situation. The moment was tense and Eva, who herself was visibly shaking, hinted the girls to follow her to the ultrasound room. The machine there still had the Amy’s stats on the screen, which they were surprised to see. One by one they all used the machine and recorded the stats on a piece of paper.

Capacity used by 6pm

Volume holding

No. of hours since last pee

Kim

95%

3200

20

Amy

75%

2700

10

Adele

85%

2400

10

Emily

80%

2400

10

Eva

90%

2700

22

“How is it possible?!” Eva was perplexed looking at the various charts in the machine. “Our bladders have filled in so rapidly in just the past few hours and yet its only Amy who is below 80%. Strange!”

“Wh-what is it doctor? We are so close to wet ourselves here!” Emily was strained.

“Is it the virus, doc?” Kim asked with teary eyes.

“N-No! Its not the virus. It does not act so fast. Things like this only happen if we consume a very strong diuretic” Eva couldn’t stand still. “Did you all drink anything in the past hour or so?”

“Coffee” They all said in a chorus.

“Me too!” Eva quickly got her mobile and scrolled through the CCTV footage of the coffee machine. And BAM! “Amy – Amy mixed something in the coffee machine mixer!”

“What the fuck! Should we confront her? This is cheating!” Emily yelled. Her voice shaky.

“Y’all wanna do it – Go ahead!” Kim tried to straighten up. “I am not going to give that bitch Amy any satisfaction about giving me a tough time.”

“I think she is right!” Eva nodded. She instructed Kim, Adele and Emily to keep mum. Instead, she encouraged them to fight their needs and cork it in like TRUE NURSES! All the girls including Eva had never felt such an intense need to pee. Feeling the sensation of their bladders growing was weird, funny, arousing – all at the same time.

Scene 4: Hour Twelve: Bombarding with Beer It was 8 in the evening and the last patient just left from the hospital. The nurses and Eva gathered at the nurse station. The bulge in each one’s bladder strained their already tight uniforms to its limits. The zip, the buttons, the seams – all were fighting to keep their swollen organ covered.

“Long day girls, isn’t it?” Eva started.

“Yeah! Long but easy!” Kim patted her bladder vigorously, sending shockwaves through her body. She suppressed it merely by gritting her teeth and clenching her muscles with all her might.

“I agree!” Adele added, uncrossing her legs. She was followed by Emily who poured herself a tall glass of milkshake from the same machine.

Amy raised her brows. “This wasn’t a part of the plan. How are they still so calm, by this time they should have formed a puddle under their feet.” All the 4 girls acted bravely as if nothing happened to them, while in reality they were hanging by a thread. Their bladders were near their capacity already and not even one day had passed.

“I hope you all are doing fine with the new rule of peeing only once every 2 days!” Eva announced trying to force a smile. Her face red with the efforts. “Amy – you look concerned – what happened?” Amy realized that all the eyes were on her. “Are you all right? Please tell me you don’t need to pee yet.”

“Oh no! Not at all!” Amy was blushing furiously.

Eva, however, had a different idea of punishing Amy. "You know what we should do? We should go beer hopping. Push ourselves to our absolute limits."

Amy raised an eyebrow. "Are you sure about that, Eva? You might not be able to handle it."

Eva grinned. "Oh, I can handle it my dear. Can you?"

Adele cleared her throat, trying to sound confident. "I don't know about you guys, but I'm still holding strong." Emily nodded in agreement. "Me too. I'm not going to let my bladder win." Kim shifted in her seat, her face turning red. "I can hold it. No problem."

“Great! Lets get going. The bills on me!” Eva announced. Her bladder nearly erupting the flood in her tight undies.

“It might not be the best idea at this moment” Amy tried to protest again.

@@“Jeez! Aquina is the Beer capital of the world, and we haven’t taken a single night off. THIS IS AN ORDER!” Eva glared at all. Kim literally pulled Amy out of her seat, and they all began. The girls had squeezed themselves into the tightest of sexy club dresses and highest of heels, before starting the trip. The next few hours were an epitome of glamour and peak of bladder torture - combined. People were envious of the gang, who were chugging pints after pints without a care in the world. Others around them were either pissing themselves or making a beeline for the bathrooms. From each pub to the next the amount of beer entering their bladders kept on rising. With seemingly last reserves of their strength the girls steeled themselves to strut around. Amy who was struggling to keep up with the pace of the girls failed to understand how the town was not flooded with their piss yet. With sweaty bodies, gritted teeth, and cramping muscles they spent the evening hopping from pub to pub. drinking pint after pint of beer.

@@Eva, known for her love of beer, was the 2nd most desperate of the group. She had a habit of drinking multiple pints of beer and holding her pee for the entire night. This time was different, though. She had been fighting with tooth and nail to avoid peeing ever since she was deputed to Aquina. Her bladder was over-worked, and sphincter was weakening by the minute thanks to the diuretics and her greed for chilled beer. Every sip of beer was followed by an intense spasm and a minute of clenching herself to not allow a drop of relief. She was determined to keep up with the girls and show that she was their true leader who practices what she preaches, especially to Amy. As they hopped from one pub to another, Eva’s desperation had reached levels which she had never experienced before. She tried to distract herself with conversation and laughter, but her mind kept wandering back to her bladder. Every muscle below her hips were burning as if she was doing a high intensity training. She lost count of the number of pints she was downing to keep up with the girls. She too had her limits and as they moved from one pub to the next, Eva’s body started to betray her. She started squirming in her seat, crossing, and uncrossing her legs, and shifting from side to side. Emily noticed her discomfort and whispered to her, “Are you okay, Eva?”

Eva quickly replied, “Of course, why wouldn’t I be? I’m just enjoying myself.” She flicked her hair behind her hair with a trembling hand. Her body unable to stop rocking back and forth. “Gosh! My bladder is surely going to explode inside me today!” she could feel her bladder on the verge of giving in, but she still refused to be the first one to break. The others could see the struggle written all over her face.

@@Emily didn’t believe Eva, but she didn’t push the issue. She was in the same boat as Eva, after all. After Amy's heinous act of spiking her drinks with diuretics, Emily’s bladder felt as though it was being filled like a balloon stuck against an open tap. With a strained expression, she tried to appear nonchalant by keeping her hands rested firmly on the table. However, the tension in her tightly crossed thighs could have easily cracked a walnut. With gritted teeth, she silently repeated to herself, "Hold it - Hold it - Hold it." She was determined not to give Amy the satisfaction of breaking her first. As the group stumbled from pub to pub, she found herself taking short halting steps as she fought the urge to pee. Her competitive nature refused to allow her to be the first to cave and admit her need to pee. She prided herself on being a self-disciplinarian, always striving to prove herself as the best at everything. So, despite the strong frantic signals from her bladder, she kept her lips tightly sealed and struggled to maintain her composure. Every muscle in her body screamed out for release, but she held firm, determined to prove her mettle, and come out on top.

Adele’s boobs were popping out of the tiny cups of her latex bodysuit, but she paid no heed to it. For her, all that mattered was to not pee herself, and it was becoming increasingly difficult for her. Her bladder was screaming for relief, and she could feel pee rushing to her pee hole with more and more force after every gulp of beer. Her tight latex bodysuit was squeezing her bladder to an inch of its life and her 6” heels didn’t exactly make her life any easier. Each step sent tremors of pain to her bladder. As they walked from pub to pub, Adele was feeling more and more frantic for a pee, but she didn’t let that show on her face. She walked with small, tentative steps and crossed her legs as much as possible. Every time they entered a new pub, her eyes automatically fell on the sign of the toilets. She bit her lips and imagined how blissful it would feel to let go of a few drops. But instead, all she kept doing was “Get me one more pint!”

Kim was dying a thousand deaths every second. She minced with pain as she downed 9th pint of beer. The ribs of her corset were bent outwards. Her bladder simply refused to stay confined anymore and demanded more room. “Just co-operate you spoilt brat!” She cursed her bladder for not letting her enjoy the beers. She clenched herself harder and decided to punish her bladder for not obeying her command to hold her piss. “So, what if I had a double dose of diuretic – you still need to hold it in till I say otherwise.”

With every ounce of her core strength, she uncrossed her legs, straightened up and brough her hand back onto the table. The words which came out of her mouth shocked everyone, “One beer tower for me!” That statement alone was enough to prove to all the girls around the table that Kim meant business. The next half an hour the girls watched Kim down the entire tower herself without a single whimper of discomfort. The vein of her forehead could pop any time, such was the intensity of the strain Kim was subjecting herself to. Her bladder swelled by the minute breaking the buckle on her corset sending it flying across the room.

“WHERE THE FUCK IS ALL THAT BEER GOING!” Amy exclaimed in frustration.

“To my bladder where it will stay as long as I want.” Kim said coldly as if challenging Amy to do the same.

“I don’t believe you – I don’t believe any of you” Amy’s voice was shaking in desperation. “How are you still holding it? You should have peed hours ago.” She couldn’t pretend to be comfortable anymore and her hands flew down to her crotch.

The rest of the girls looked at each other knowingly.

“And why would you say that?” Adele questioned. “Do you think we are not strong enough to hold?”

“Or you are ashamed that you are unable to contain just a few cans of beer when we are clearly drinking way more than you can catch up?” Emily was fuming.

“I . .”

“Answer the damn thing!” Eva pounded the table with her fist.

“I poured an entire bottle of Openthra diuretics in the coffee machine! You all have peed secretly sometime when I must not have been there!” Amy immediately covered her mouth, realizing what she blurted out.

“There we go!” Kim added, trying to keep her voice stable.

“You just put the fate of Aquina out of the window for your petty – selfish gains! And yet look at us girls, despite knowing that you cheated on us, we kept on with the drama that none of us knew. We downed nearly a drum of beer each throughout the evening and yet not a drop has escaped! Your puny diuretics are not strong enough to thwart us from saving Aquina. That’s the power of a TRUE NURSE!” Eva angrily said. “If you have any saving grace or shame – you may leave or you may tank up on these Openthra pills show up at the hospital tomorrow without any relief if you can!” Soon after the nurses left the pub leaving Amy behind. She felt humiliated. Her selfishness proved costly to her.

Scene 5: Hour Twenty – The Long Night of Eva Eva returned to her quarters after the dramatic evening of pub hopping. Her bladder was full to the brim, but using the bathroom was out of option. Not only could she risk catching the virus, but it would defeat the whole purpose of the show-down with Amy. Eva silently slipped out of her sweaty clothes and entered into her bed. She hoped that lying down would release some of the pressure, but the opposite happened. She yelped in pain as her bladder shot a nasty spasm trying to force out all the beer piss from her body. However, the moment she lay down, the pressure intensified, and she knew that she had to hold it in for the entire night. She bit her pillow in sheer despair and shoved her hands in her bladder.

Eva tried to focus her thoughts on anything but her bladder, but it was impossible. Her bladder had trapped. The AC in her room was on full blast and the door of her bathroom was open. Unlike the nurses, doctors had their own private quarter with an attached bathroom. The way she lied on the bed, the white porcelain bowl was right in front of her eyes. “God! Help me! If I move I will wet myself!” Eva suffered in silence forcing herself to endure the night looking at the toilet, freezing herself under the AC.

Eva started to mumble to herself, trying to keep her spirits up. “You can do this, Eva. You’re a strong girl. You can hold it in. You’re not going to give up.” She repeated this mantra over and over again, trying to motivate herself to keep going.

Scene 6: Hour Twenty – The Long Night of Kim Kim was clawing the walls in desperation. As soon as she stumbled into her room, all her pretence of being normal was gone. Her heels came off and she tore away the remainder of her ribbed corset and her clingy rubber dress. She moaned in pain and her breathing became erratic when she looked at her grotesquely bulging bladder. Right from the apex of her navel till the crotch, the bulge protruded for a good few inches. Others would call her crazy but there was no other girl in the world who could come close to her when it came to her addiction to holding.

“With all that beer I am sure my body will dehydrate.” Kim thought to herself. Before her body could prepare she waddled to the kitchen and downed half a gallon of water without any thoughts. What came next, nearly knocked her out. This additional water hit her bladder like a freight train, forcing herself to nearly squat down. She pursed her lips and held her breath immediately to avoid the imminent flooding. She was curled on the floor for the longest time. Her bladder refused to stop spasming and cramping but Kim was resolute. At one point in time, she practically crawled to her bed. The minutes turned into hours, and the pressure in her bladder continued to worsen. Her lower belly, back and legs all were hurting. Kim was now beyond frantic, and she felt like she was going to burst. “I can’t take it anymore,” she whispered, reaching for her phone. She opened the group chat and typed, “I think I’m going to lose it.” But right before she hit send she paused.

That one message could destroy her entire reputation. She had not come this far only to accept defeat “What was I thinking! How could I even. .” Kim was furious on her inability to stay composed. With a swift motion she turned and slammed her bladder against the bed. She was feeling frustrated and angry at herself for allowing her bladder to take control “I – MUST NOT - - -PEEEEE” Kim’s eyes welled up with the pain, but it was decided that to teach her bladder a lesson she would sleep on her belly for the rest of the night. “Strong nurses don’t pee! Strong nurses don’t pee” She kept chanting the mantra.

Scene 7: Hour Twenty – The Long Night of Emily and Adele Emily and Adele stumbled into their apartment, giggling uncontrollably. Their bladders were stretched to the limit, and they both knew that they were on the verge of losing control. The bathroom was so close, yet so far away. They both hesitated, knowing that once they let go, they would never be able to stop. Emily leaned against the wall; her eyes squeezed shut. She groaned as another wave of pressure hit her. "Oh god, Adele," she muttered. "I don't think I can hold it much longer."

Adele clutched her stomach and laughed nervously. "I know, Em. Me too. But we have to. We can't give up now. We've held it all day, we must hold it. It’s just a matter of one more day."

Emily nodded, her hands shaking as she clutched her crotch. "You're right. We've come this far. We can't let Amy win. We can’t let that virus win."

Adele's face twisted into a scowl at the mention of Amy's name. "That little cheat," she growled. "I can't believe she spiked our drinks like that."

Emily rolled her eyes. "Yeah, I’m glad that we all put her to place. For now, we need to focus on holding it."

The two girls stumbled towards the couch and collapsed onto it, their legs crossed like a pretzel. Their bodies shuddered and within a blink of an eye the pressure started to build up again. Their bladder needed room to expand, which was virtually not available in their petite frames. Emily squirmed on the couch, her thighs trembling. "Oh god, Adele, I don’t want to pee. Please help me!" Adele patted her Emily’s shoulder sympathetically. "I know, Em. Me too. But we can't give up now. We're in this together." Little did the girls realize that unknowingly the pressure in their bladders turned them into friends from foes. Emily nodded; her teeth clenched. "Right. Together. We can do this."

A new pack of panty liners which arrived from delivery and the potted plant were right in front of their eyes. Their secret tool to relief was – RIGHT THERE! “You know! All this time in Aquina, I have never ever fully emptied my bladder. I had a secret method to take the edge off my bladder!” Emily whispered. Her legs were shaking, and body drenched in sweat. Adele could feel her heartbeat rising. It was like they show in the movies, where a hero knows she is about to die, and they divulge their deepest secret to her friend. “No! I don’t want to listen to it.”

“My body simply can’t contain any more. It – I want to hold it but” Emily pulled her tight skirt down to reveal a coin sized spot on her tight undies. Adele contorted her face merely looking at it. “Please – don’t” Adele’s hands suddenly flew down to her crotch. She hid her face in shame and suddenly started groaning. “No no no!” The next moment a drop of pee escaped from her vagina. But unlike Emily, it didn’t show up as a wet spot thanks to the latex bodysuit she wore underneath.

“I am so tempted to ease myself in that pot of plant” Emily wept. “But we can’t – We must not.” Adele said clutching the pack of panty liners. Both of them were using all their strengths to hold the piss inside but just then the alarm rang on Emily’s phone startling the duo. It was so abrupt that they both lost a few more spurts of pee in their tight underwears.

Scene 8: The Finale

The morning was excruciating. Emily & Adele were just a breath or two away from a full blow accident. Eva woke up with bloodshot eyes and Kim’s whole body seemed to be on pins and needles. The group had subjected their bladders to impossible tortures. That they were still dry was a miracle in itself. Being in this profession they had learnt to put their bodily needs to the backburner but today it seemed impossible to even breath without risking a full blown accident.

Eva, Adele, Emily and Kim stumbled through the hospital doors, their faces twisted with pain and desperation. Their bladders were swollen beyond belief, and they could hardly move without whimpering. Each of them had been holding it for over 24 hours, and the amount of pee they all had corked up was unbelievable. Their uniforms threatened were stretched to the seams. But they were determined not to give in and pee before at least another 24 hours.

As they made their way to the waiting room, they were surprised to see Amy sitting there, looking guilty and anxious. Eva approached her with a scowl, her eyes blazing with fury.

"I hope you downed all the Openthra, Amy?" she hissed, her voice barely above a whisper. Amy hung her head in shame, "I'm so sorry, guys," she whimpered. "But right now - I - I am bursting just like you all. I too consumed Openthra pills just like you guys asked."

The other girls were taken aback by Amy's confession. It was a surprise to them that Amy had put herself through the same ordeal. But their competitive spirits were still strong, and they wanted to prove who was the strongest among them.

Adele, who had been quiet until now, spoke up. "I don't care who did what, but I know that I can hold it better than any of you," she said, her eyes glinting with determination. "I've been holding it for so long now, and I'm not about to give up now." Emily snorted. "Please, Adele, we all know that I can hold it the longest," she said, her voice dripping with confidence. "I've been training for this my whole life, and I'm not about to let you beat me now." Their drama was just so good and they cleverly tried to divert their attention away from their little secret of leaking earlier.

Kim rolled her eyes. "You guys are ridiculous," she said, a smile tugging at the corners of her mouth. "I'm pretty sure that I can hold it longer than both of you combined. And why should we believe Amy anyway?"

Eva grinned, her competitive spirit igniting. "Oh, I know," she said, her voice low and dangerous. "Let's measure how much each of us are actually holding. That will tell us all if Amy is telling the truth or not. Follow me to the ultra-sound room.” The girls followed Eva to the hospital's ultra-sound room, their steps slow and hesitant. They were all at their breaking point, and the thought of measuring their bladder capacities was daunting. But they were determined to see who was the strongest among them.

As they approached the machine, Eva gave them each a sly grin. "Alright ladies, let's see who's been holding it in the most" she said, her voice laced with excitement. One by one, they stepped up to the machine and pressed the button, wincing as it tried to measure their bladder capacity. However, to their utter dismay, the machine failed to read. Apparently the girls bladder contained so much pee that it crossed the threshold of the machine. The girls looked at each other in disbelief in annoyance. They couldn't believe they had reached such a point of desperation that the machine could break down.

Adele spoke up, her voice shaky with desperation. "What do we do now? How do we know if Amy is not lying?" she said, her eyes pleading with the others for a solution. Emily's face was twisted with pain, but she refused to give up. "We'll just have to find another way to measure who's holding it the longest," she said, her voice strained. They gave each other a knowing look. Since their seals got broken earlier in the morning their bladder was in overdrive to push out the liters of piss contained within.

"I have an idea! We have a few prototypes ultra-sound belts in the hospitals, which when tied around the waist can measure all our bladders. The only problem being it emits strong pulse waves which can be a bit ‘Uncomfortable’ at times.” Eva forced a smile on her face.

Kim, “Bring it on! My bladder can take anything. I can’t wait to find out how much is there inside me!”

Eva waddled to the storage room to fetch the prototype ultrasound belts, while the other girls waited anxiously. They all were fighting a losing battle against their overworked bladders. When Eva returned, she handed each of them a belt and helped them strap it around their waist. All they had to do then was press a button and the belt would automatically grip itself around. As soon as they pressed the button, the belts started vibrating, with a typical buzzing sound. With each passing second the belts became more and more constrictive. It could put Victorian tight-laced corset to shame. The girls winced with pain when the tightening stopped. All of them were nearly squatting down on the floor with legs double crossed. But that was not all. A green light suddenly came up on the belt and all hell broke loose.

“DOOOM – DOOOM – DOOOM” Gigantic pulse waves started coming from the belt hitting right at the apex of their swollen, sensitive bladders. Each wave felt like a hammer. Adele and Emily were at the verge of losing it. They looked at Eva with the hopes of some help, but she was fighting her own battle. They crawled to the instruction manual.

“The ultra-sound belt will release sound waves till it can correctly read the volume inside the organ. If you feel that the belt is not tightened properly use the red button. Please note: The more the volume inside the longer it will take and stronger the waves.”

Adele and Emily could not believe the instructions. The belt did not show any readings yet and the sound waves relentlessly hit their bladders. All the water, beer, coffee and juices that they had been downing without a thought was compressed to an inch of its life inside their bladders and now they had to endure the maniacal belt. The pressure was unbearable. Adele and Emily tightly grabbed each other’s hand showing their support to each other.

“Let-Let’s get to work!” Eva announced much to the horror of everyone. “We are nurses – we cannot afford to fall weak.”

Kim and Amy nodded in agreement and proceeded to their wards, their faces were twisted with pain and body arched forward. Eva’s legs wobbled as if they were made of Jell-O. All the patients in the hospital were in awe of the team’s determination to hold on. However, the non-stop waves of pee sloshing inside had slowed them down. The minutes ticked by, and the waves continued to hit them mercilessly, causing their bladders to ache with intensity. They gritted their teeth, trying to focus on anything but the pain. Their hair stuck to their forehead and uniforms clung to their bodies. Each second seemed like an eternity. Two slow hours passed – the girls were fighting their bladders on sheer willpower. Every fibre in their body was angry and trying to expel the hot piss inside.

Emily and Adele cried out for help. They had been leaking since morning and they were exhausted beyond belief. The rest of the girls rushed to the ward as fast as they could and escorted the duo to privacy. Both Adele and Emily’s belts were vibrating incessantly now and throwing beeps. Their belts were now shooting sound waves without any intervals suggesting that both the girls were at their breaking point. As the girls took a seat few numbers finally appeared on the screen.

Capacity used by 6pm

Volume holding

No. of hours since last pee

Adele

115%

3300

29

Emily

120%

3600

29

All the girls except Kim, marvelled at the numbers. They patted and congratulated Adele and Emily for truly pushing themselves to their limits. They barely nodded and quickly tried to undo the belt. And that was their undoing – the belt released and final wave onto their bladders - “DOOOOOOMMMMM”

@@It was the final nail in the coffin. The dam cracked. The bomb exploded. Both Emily and Adele’s floodgates burst open one after the other in quick succession. Their already patched underwears were not strong enough to withstand the force of the piss coming out of their vagina. They clasped their crotch as tightly as they could. Tears fell from their eyes and their faces turned red as a tomato. Their muscles had no more strength left. For the first time in all these months hot frothing piss was flowing freely out of their bladders with full force. The stream was half an inch thick and formed a huge, combined puzzle under them. The sound of piss splattering on the floor could be heard down the entire corridor as if someone had left a tap open. The gusher kept coming minute after minute. Their bladders contracted with all its might trying to push out everything at once. The duo was convulsing with pleasure and pain all at the same time. Their eyes had rolled up and they moaned with relief and pleasure, which people could have easily mistaken for something else.

Eva and Amy could not stand the sight anymore. All the commotion on top of the gut-wrenching waves from the belt was making them go weak in knees. They rushed out of the room with hands glued to their crotch. But the damage was already done. Their belts too had started shooting waves with more intensity and stronger though the lights on their belt was yet to come on. They knew their end was near.

“I – I won’t give up!” Eva muttered to herself.

“Neither will I – I am the strongest” Amy whispered to herself.

In the meantime, Kim emerged from the room after helping Adele and Emily to clean up. She was drenched in sweat. Her uniform was starting to tear, and the bulge of her bladder was peeking from underneath despite the clinching belt. Her face was contorted as if she was forcing herself to not breath. She was under tremendous pressure. Her body was working on overdrive to contain a lake of piss.

“Looks like someone is going to wet herself.” Amy took a dig at Kim.

“Says the girl who spiked our drinks.” Kim glared at Amy. “We never should have trusted you to come back. You never truly learned last evening!”

“Hey! I too popped in Openthra myself just to appease you guys isn’t that enough?”

“Too bad for you. Even after your cunning act I am the only girl who is alone holding 50 hour’s worth off piss” Kim said pointing at the large screen on her belt.

“Not anymore!” Amy suddenly lost her cool and she pressed the dreaded red button on Kim’s belt, causing it to tighten further.

“No don’t do it! She’s our only chance against the virus!” Eva was horrified and she tried to stop the girls from quarrelling. In the process, Amy’s elbow hit her bladder hard causing Eva to fall on her belly and hitting the red button. As Amy turned back, Kim pressed the red button on Amy’s belt. Within seconds, the entire hospital corridor was filled with noise of the trio screaming and yelling. Not as much on each other as much as because of their bladders being crushed by the belt’s ruthless tightness. The belt started throwing all sorts of lights and sounds indicating that it was going into hyper-drive. They only had seconds to understand what was happening, but it was already too late.

“DOOOOOM!” The belts exploded with the strongest of waves. Waves which could shatter glasses literally. Their time had come. The best defenders on the earth against the Pissera virus were having an embarrassing failure because of their craziness and impatience. Their belts were showing the numbers which they could barely focus on.

Capacity used by 6pm

Volume holding

No. of hours since last pee

Eva

145%

4350

30

Amy

115%

4200

30

Kim

150%

4800

50

@@Eva was the first one to break. “Noooo!!!”, she cried. Unfortunately her bladder wouldn’t stand any of her nonsense any more. It had enough. She curled on the floor grabbing herself. She used every trick available in her book to prevent the outburst, but alas. A strong spurt escaped first. That was the first irresistible taste of relief. Then came another one. As much as she tried to hold it, these jets of piss gave her ecstatic pleasure. After the few spurts, she simply couldn’t resist it anymore. Eva, the leader of the group finally gave in to the orchestra of pee-gasmic pleasure. A strong, almost straight jet of transparent piss erupted from Eva’s vagina flying across the corridor hitting Amy’s ankles who stood opposite to her. There was splattering everywhere. Relief washed Eva’s face as she allowed herself to feel the bliss of an uninterrupted relief. She didn’t care who watched her or who fell down. Her bladder contracted with all its might; angrily expelling gallons worth of piss.

Amy on the other hand lost her balance and fell down sending a shock wave throughout her body. That was the moment Amy realized – It fucked up. Amy’s floodgates opened too. The pressure was insane, and her torrent filled the corridor with a loud whooshing noise. Kim tightly closed her ears and shut her eyes tight, leaning against the wall. Amy tried to fight it off valiantly, clenching her muscles with all the bits of strength left. All her liquid, diuretic and beer flowed freely into the air, forming a fountain of piss. Her little cotton thongs tore apart with the sheer intensity of the gusher. But despite this devastating force, she succeeded to stop the torrent midstream. Kim opened one of her eyes to check what happened and lo! Another, even stronger sound wave from Amy’s belt absolutely decimated her bladder. An even thicker, more ferocious torrent to piss erupted out of her vagina. She screamed in pleasure as the liquid kept pouring out.

The two women were happily pissing away as if their bladders had taken possession of their bodies. Minute after minute, Kim endured the mind-bending torture of seeing and hearing them go at it, wasting litres of research worthy pee. When their bladders were finally emptied both of them broke into tears. Their dream of saving the world and proving to have the strongest bladder was washed away. The entire corridor was steaming and filled with the stench of long held piss.

Kim was frozen now. All this commotion made her bladder contract and spasm like a spring. Her body shuddered. Beads of sweat fell from her forehead to her neck and her cleavage. Her white uniform was nearly transparent with all the sweating. Her belt continued to pound her bladder like a hammer but with nerves of steel, she still did not let a single drop escape.

Kim was the last lady standing. The hope of humanity who could end the epidemic. In spite of the inhuman discomfort, she still helped Eva and Amy. They couldn’t belief their eyes as they watched her clean the corridor, get them a fresh at of uniform and taking them to privacy. They felt ashamed and exhausted of their inability to hold on.

“Do you think you will be able to ask hold on?” Eva gently asked Kim not wanting to force her.

Kim’s face had turned blue. Every vein on her forehead, neck, thighs, and all possible places were bulging out. Her knuckles were white, and toes curled. Her legs seemed to be welded to each other. Every inch of her skin was covered in sweat. The belt had clinched her waist to 16 inches and yet her humongous bladder was trying to make its way out from the bottom of the belt, like an ever-expanding water balloon. “How long do you want me to hold doc? Tell me – I can go on as long as you demand”, Kim asked, her voice merely coming as a whisper.

“May be one more day. At once, I will inform the World Health Association team that we have found an unbeatable bladder!” Kim she was a fighter. “Of course.. Its too easy. I am the nurse who never needs it.” With those ungodly words Kim straightened herself up. The belt was no match for her. It tore apart and went flying across the room. Kim shyly smiled and with baby steps, proceeded to carry on her duties, still chugging water as if she was empty.

@@When the research team finally arrived a day later, Kim was unrecognizable. Her uniform was shredded across her waist. The skin around her bladder was taut and one could see the redness underneath her skin. Veins which otherwise would be all zig-zag and erratic appeared as perfectly straight lines. When she moved others around her could hear the bubbling noise of the piss inside her bladder. It was frighteningly humongous. Yet Kim insisted that she didn’t feel a thing. “I – I am ok. I don’t need to p-piss. I am immune to it” Kim kept telling others or maybe it was her own way of reinforcing her strength. They took her to a secluded room. It took hours for the team to convince her to pee. It was a marvellous feat and the entire hospital burst into claps and cheer after the was announcement. Everyone eagerly awaited to hear what was Kim’s final volume. The team had to call packs and packs of piss collection bag as Kim’s fury of piss was so strong that the bags couldn’t withstand it. They either burst open or got torn apart. After a dozen of accidents, the team was finally able to drain Kim out.

After months of enduring a painfully bladder and surviving only on short partial reliefs, feeling an empty bladder was unnerving for Kim. For the past 82 hours she had gone without a single drop of relief whatsoever while also enduring double doses of Openthra, 13 pints of beer, nearly 5 litres of water and hammering soundwaves. With so much torment and suffering, Kim’s bladder had stretched itself to contain a whopping 6800ml of piss. And this didn’t factor the wastage that the team was unable to contain.

Kim rose to game overnight for being a hero and save humanity from Pissera, while Eva, Amy, Adele, and Emily remained mere spectators. Despite their huge bladders they stood no chance in front of Kim. And from that day onwards a new slogan forbeing.es came into being

“Nurses Never Need It”

- - - The End - - -

