[Which idea do you like?] Discussion on the theme of the novel.

Author: RageRaven340

*000*2025-08-26 03:40

Hello guys, I'm a Chinese amateurish novelist. I'm planning to write a series of short stories. The pacing of the novel may be close to that of the first two books of The Witcher. I write in Chinese of course, but thanks to the AI, I can translate my stories into English.

My plan is as follows: the short-story series will be a collection of non-linear, chronologically continuous tales, giving me more freedom to follow my inspiration. I currently have two thematic options under consideration.

The first is a fantasy style, reminiscent of well-known works like The Lord of the Rings or The Witcher. The protagonist will be a female ranger who wanders an otherworldly realm. She can cast simple spells, but every spell requires a source of mana; the most common source is water. To ensure she can draw on mana at any moment, she must constantly store water inside her own body. You can guess what happens next.

The second idea is a Chinese-style wuxia story, set in a parallel ancient-Asia-like world that is deliberately detached from any real historical period. The heroine will be one of the very few women who practice martial arts in that society. Because of the constraints of feudal etiquette, a woman traveling the land inevitably faces numerous inconveniences—among them, the very practical matter of meeting basic bodily needs. The central theme will focus on how she confronts or endures these restrictions and discomforts as various events unfold. Perhaps I could add a touch of fantasy or punk style to this world as well, blending it with elements from the first concept.

Which theme sounds more interesting to you? Let me know your preference. I may publish the stories first on a Chinese forum, then use AI translation followed by manual proofreading before posting them here.

