A Hot, Shameful day at the Hardware Store (female desperation with LINE WAITING)

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2018-05-23 21:49

**NOTE: This is a story I wrote for ME. I have finished it and will publish it in parts. Here’s the first:

CHAPTER 1

Sasha was a good and very attractive store manager. Assistant manager that is of the hardware store. She was tan, Puerto Rican and a body like a Victoria secret model. All day in the hardware store where she was the only professionally dressed one she wore a black jacket, black boots, gray dress pants and tied her hair in a ponytail. She had worked half of her twelve hour shift and was already feeling those coffees from this morning reaching their limit in her. Her legs could not stay still as she tumbled around everyone on the busy Memorial Day weekend.

“Don’t block the door please!” She said as she headed out of the back room turning towards the bathroom. Right there she was stopped by an old lady employee named Dana who blocked the bathroom door to chat.

“Oh hey Sasha. Hey did you...” But Sasha squirmed in place annoyed not caring what her worker was saying. She wanted to tell her to move it or I’m going to explode in my pants like a bursting water dam!

Jess worked in paint and was sort of a heavy girl but the weight was on all the right places. Tight white pants and black shoes and light blue tight shirt around those big breasts that made guys jump out of their pants. In her late twenties as well, Jess almost peed herself multiple times at work and knew the humiliation would be too much to handle. But as she mixed paint she moaned every now and again cause her pants dug into her waist. Feeling like a stream would leak out and she slouched trying to hold it.

Jorey was almost at work. A garden associate, she was average looking but very pretty and a cool girl to talk to. Thin, but cute face with glasses, tied up brown hair, jean shorts that were tight as hell and made this hot day worse, and a blue shirt with her black shoes. Her father hogged the bathroom all morning so she was still holding in a load of pee in her. Since her car was broken her sister drove her to work, good thing she be out at closing because everyone in her house worked late too and she wold not have any rides. Jorey asked, “Ana can you drive faster!” She grunted. “I’m going to freaking piss my pants. Hurry up!” She felt her bloated belly push against her tight jean shorts, her exposed white legs crossing.

“We’re going speed limit chill!”

After a while they turned into the store and Jorey said bye to her sister as she raced out of the car. She sprinted by Jess and Sasha who both squirmed (Sasha was called to the front desk before getting to go) and Jorey did not have a lot of strength left. She lost so much weight staying on a vegetarian and fiber diet but strength lacked. With her legs tight closed as she tumbled she reached the bathroom but “No no no no no!”

Jorey shook in fear as a CLOSED FOR CLEANING sign blocked the women’s room. Jorey in humiliation squirmed in place. She’s never had to pee so bad. It was a boiling heavy load wanting to escape NOW! People watching and giggling at her desperation made this so bad and embarrassing she couldn’t imagine how bad an actual accident would be. Her heart raced as panic ruptured through her only making it harder to hold.

“E-excusse me!” She said form outside the door to the male janitor sweeping the floor. “Are you almost done yet??” She could barely focus as she sweat and squirmed like hell. She need that bathroom NOW!

”I’m cleaning,” he said.

Jorey was sweating, shaking, lips trembled, filled with fear, nervousness and a lot of pee! She bounced. “I’m kind of fighting a losing battle out here!” She almost burst right there as tremendous pain roared that was a huge sting trying to stab out of her.

“One second sweets !” The old janitor said. He flushed the toilet to clean out with the chemical inside and the flushing sounds almost made Jorey explode. Her eyes widened from the pain and panic.

“Oh come on come on come on!!” She said. He left and she ran in so fast. She slammed the stall door closed, unbuttoned her jeans, felt two small drops hit her panties as she was bursting. Everything was off just in time as a stream so powerful shot out of her into the toilet and splashing the water like madness. “AHHHHHHH!” Jorey moaned in a calm relief. No accident. She felt the painful pressure vanish as her belly deflated. Thank God. She needed this job for school. But no way anyone shows their face after an accident like that. Amazed that she went so much the water actually filled and hit her butt cheeks. She wiped, flushed, out to work.

Outside the stalls, all were occupied and a girl ran past Jorey into hers. Jess and Sasha stood behind two customers in lines squirming. They looked so sad. Their hearts racing as they held their loads of urine in impatience and agony.

Jorey clocked in and walked down to then stores garden wing.

“Jorey!” Her Department manager Beth said as she ran past all the customers. “Thank God you’re here! We had one call out and Justin got fired this morning so we’re very short. Stay on the ball today ok?”

“Roger that.” Said Jorey as she saluted smiling.

Jorey was told to start lifting sacks of fertilizer onto the shelf. She did, and each lift on this hot day made her sweat and become very dehydrated. Her coworker with a weird crush on her, John, walked over and offered her a water from the fridge.

“Oh thank you!” She said. She gulped it down so fast.

To be continued....

*003*2018-05-24 00:38

{{44 minutes ago, SAM996 said:

Good idea. I think maybe an idea granted I don't know this is would be in a hardware store would be a section for bathrooms where there would be display toilets you can buy and other items for a bathroom. One of the women could get desperate but being unable to make it to the real toilet decides to pee in one of the display toilets. Up to you where you'd go whether she gets away with it or get's caught or something.

}}

Thanks, but I’m not doing that. I already have it done I’m just publishing piece by piece. HOWEVER, I like the toilet section thing so I’ll fit that in. Fit it in as a part to make people more desperate since toilets are in front of them. But no a major part.

*006*2018-05-25 00:25

CHAPTER 2

Jorey sucked down that water so fast. She went back to lifting the bags one by one, each pushing the bottle of water she drank fast through her quicker. “Whew! That was a workout.” She went up to Beth and asked, “What’s next?”

Beth said, “Got two flower deliveries today. One is here, let’s bring the racks in.”

And they did. The heavy, metal racks had wheels but were a pain in the ass to pull. Jorey wore herself out so much she went to the fridge and had John ring her out an iced tea that she drank as fast as the water.

Both liquids slushed through her body’s plumbing, slowly pouring into her bladder.

Sasha and Jess continued to wait in line, wondering what the hell was taking so long, they were each ready to pop! Their bladders full, bellies a little bulged, pushing painfully out and against their tight pants waist.

Jess squirmed and said, “Oh this is ridiculous.”

Sasha said, “I can’t hold it anymore.” Her legs crossed tight as she felt her heavy bladder start to push out and she clenched her fists to her sides and squeezed her eyes shut and grunted from the intense discomfort.

Being the only manager, and Jess being the only associate in paint today, once they were called over the intercom they had no choice. They left the bathroom, still full with as much pee as they had when they entered. Poor, poor girls.

Jorey has been at work for a little over an hour. She started on another water bottle and was half done. She didn’t even think of what she drank it was so hot and she was working up a sweat.

Beth passed by her and was watering the plants. Seeing the water pouring from the hose, the sound of a stream, it made her think as her bladder twitched. A slight burning pressure that stayed and did not go away, but was not that bad yet. Just uncomfortable slightly. But her brain watched the water and slowly giving into the instinct to pee so she looked away, nothing her feet started to shuffle.

Jorey had to go on register for a while. Gulping down the rest of her water. Two girls her age in line slurped on their iced coffees. The sound and seeing then condensation sweat on the outside of the plastic cups in drops, slowly dripping down down made her bladder discomfort grow. She began to realize just how much she drank. Feeling herself start to fill up and need to empty her tank. She did not want a repeat of her desperation earlier.

Jess and Sasha, each having dealt with their customers felt themselves start to lose. They ran to the bathrooms.

In the garden center, Jorey saw Tom walk in and that meant she could go on break which was great because she had to per bad at this point. She felt it sort of hard to keep still as a heavy pressure wanting to burst out boiling was in her, pulsing.

“Thank God you’re here!” She said to Tom. “I have to go to the bathroom so bad!”

“Bathrooms are our of order,” Tom said. “Just passed them, and they’re closed.”

Joreys heart sank. Her eyes widened and lip trembled. “Are you joking?” She was a bit panicky. She needed to pee, and her tight jean shorts weren’t helping. She had no car to leave or go anywhere.

But Tom laughed. “Yeah I’m joking. Sorry.”

Jorey laughed as well, relieved. She hurried to the bathroom, burst through the door, and “AH! Just my luck!” She said, her ankles crossing. Each stall was occupied.

Jess and Sasha, each ready to explode, holding their crotches, legs tight closed, ran in and almost cried at the sight of the occupied stalls.

All three girls waited in line to pee...

To be continued...

*010*2018-05-27 20:25

Chapter 3

Manager Sasha had her knees turned in as her legs shook and held her crotch in those tight gray pants. “Oooooh!” She moaned, feeling her bladder stab through her belly like a knife, her whole body tense from the emotional meltdown of a public accident in her own store. Oh, the humiliation was too much to think about.

Jess, who was in front of her boss, stood behind Jorey in line. Jess had her hands as deep as they would go in her tight white pants pockets. Her legs crossed as she moaned high pitched like “errrrrgh! Errrrrrr!” Her eyes watering, feeling the moisture from her bladders ocean slowly seeping out of her crotch.

Jorey had to pee bad as well, but was keeping her posture cool as expected. She held around her torso as her foot tapped, turning red from the annoyance and worry. Her inner cramps getting inflamed in discomfort feelings.

Finally, one stall flushed, and it almost triggered all three girls into an accident right then and there. This was getting insane and unamerican.

The old lady left her stall, and Jorey, in relief, started to walk in, but Jess grabbed her from the shoulder.

Jess said, “J-Jorey p-p-pleassse. I can’t wait any longer. I’m going to burst right here. I’m gonna wet my pants.”

”Yeah but I’ve got to go too.” Jorey said.

As they bickered back and forth, Sasha couldn’t take it anymore. She felt a slight moist in her panties and just ran for it into the stall and locked it.

”Hey!” Jess and Jorey yelled.

Sasha pulled her pants down just in time as those long tan legs sat on the toilet and her pee blasted out of her burning, but her belly and being felt such relief the pain was minuscule in comparison.

As Sasha let out a sigh of breath relief Jorey and Jess bounced in desperation holding their ears to stop listening to the peeing coming from the stall. The sounds were coming from the other stalls already but this was louder. Jess’ legs remained tightly crossed up to the crotch. She bent over in agony. Her whole torso so tense she felt she would explode. The pain unbearable.

Sasha flushed and left the stall. But having been distracted a customer sprinted right past Jess and Jorey and occupied it. They swore, and the intercom came out above and called them to different locations. Mandatory NOW!

To be continued...

*012*2018-06-04 13:32

Chapter 4

Jess walked so slowly back to the paint counter. Her bladder literally putting her through so much physical pain which caused huge emotional distress . She was on the verge of tears unable to comprehend what was about to happen. As she stood there in front of her customers, holding herself up by grabbing the counter to deal with the pain of her heavy bladder ripping apart so painful she wanted to scream, she could not hear the paint order.

“Ms are you listening to me?” The customer asked.

“Mmmmm” she moaned.

Jess had her legs crossed and then her ankles over that. She squeezed at her crotch with her hand. She knew it was inappropriate but she grabbed her hand there. That’s when her worse fear started and she froze as her heart sank. She felt a warm line go across her hand.

“Oh...n-n-no,” She whispered, her eyes widened in panic and terror. Tears falling down her cheeks.

”Excuse me?” The customer asked.

Jess gave up and ran. The customer caught a glance at what he though was a small wet mark on the back of her white pants.

Jorey was in some pain as well. Being in the worst place while needing to pee. The water always leaking from the hose, drops from the pipes, and right now her bladder was pushing so hard against her jean shorts and her thin body could NOT take this much liquid at once and hold it. She was squirming whenever still, knees flapping over each other. She sweated feeling pain and that something very embarrassing could happen if she didn’t hurry NOW. She had to PEE SOOOOO BAD!

”Damn, I gotta go,” She said to herself.

”Jorey!” Beth spooked her from behind.

Jorey in quick panic crossed her legs as a spurt almost shot into her panties. She turned. “Yeah?”

”I got a family emergency to tend to. Leaving you and John in charge of the center. Another plant delivery will be coming soon.”

O...ok,” She said in a sort of stutter. “Yeah we can handle it.”

”Good!” Beth passed by and gave her a slap on the back as thanks which sent a jolt into her bladder and made Jorey bounce. It felt like almost when she got to work today. The boiling pressure to pee that hurt. Jorey better get to the bathroom soon.

Jess got to the bathroom, but as she stepped in the women’s stalls all had lines. Jess was in terror and shaking from fear and pain. Her legs running in place as she held her crotch. The other ladies turned to her and looked and giggled at the desperate sexy girl who was about to explode in her pants. Jess’ heart raced and her blood flow was spiraling in the panic. Sweat all over her body from putting so much effort in holding.

Jess cried as she ran into the men’s room where a line of three men waited at the one available stall. WHAT THE HELL!?!?!?!

There was no other choice. Jess went up to the urinal, but there was no way she could do this (though the men waited in amazement). Jess ran out of the store and into her car where she sat down on her new seats of her new car she just got, her pants still on tight as ever stabbing in the waist into the bulge of her belly she opened her legs opened and turned red as her pee rushed out of her. Her crotch fired a hot stream into her pants.

She was out of sight, in her car, no one watching, but the inner shame overtook her as she covered her face and felt her panties flood in a second and overflow like a waterfall into her pants. The whiteness of them darkened more and more as the streams rushed through her pants and down her legs into her shoes, socks and on her feet. It got over her seats, car floor, all that money on this car and who knows how long it would smell like her urine now? She felt so shameful this is what she was reduced to. Wetting herself in her twenties. “Why?” She said in despair.

She may have felt bladder relief but her pants soaked and stuck on her. They couldn’t contain anymore moisture and it spread outside the fabric as she heard a mini waterfall over he seat. This went on for two minuets.

Jess felt great she avoided humiliation. No one saw. But inner shame she would never recover from no less. “I’m such a loser.” She called her boss from the car and said she got sick and had to go home to which the boss annoyed said ok. Jess drove off.

Jorey meanwhile did the potty dance of her life. Little did she know the line that waited for her soon...

To be continued...

*014*2018-06-08 19:47

Chapter 5

Jorey was at the register of the garden center as her legs were pressed together and she took one step up, left her foot in the air as she squirmed, put the foot down, do the same with the other foot, and so on. So her legs remained tight as her feet paced in a slow motion with a squirm she gave from each hip since she would feel a sharp spike shoot from the her bladder's center out towards her sides. It made her wince as one could tell from looking at her face.

After nearly avoiding a major accident before she started her shift, and all the humiliation that would have came with it, she now started to reach the point of no return as she physically felt a huge pressure push upwards out of her lower belly where her bladder was and then send painful stabs to her hips. Then there was that small, yet strong, hot pressure that felt like a heated nail of liquid (aka her pee) that tried to burst out of her, into her panties. As Jorey rung the last customer out, she was going to head to the bathroom as things in that area for her started to get serious. Feeling her jean shorts on the waist cut into her growing bulge as her bladder filled past the limit.

"Are you okay?" the customer asked.

Jorey said, "Y-yeah, I'm fine." She found it hard to focus on her words. This started to feel like after a long night of drinking, and then you wake up with a full as hell bladder and feel like you're about to pee in your bed, so you run to the bathroom.

"Boo!" said Tom as he jumped out from behind.

Jorey jumped and turned to yell at him, but saw the hose he held with water running out of the end, pouring onto the ground and splashing her exposed legs. She shook as her body almost automatically left it loose right there. Hearing the hose go off was even worse since her body would not let go of the temptation to urinate as it saw the hose pouring, it wanted to as well. Jorey said in a strained voice, "Can you watch the register, I gotta go!" She was about to take a step away, but Tom grabbed her by the shoulder and turned her around to see the final truck delivery pull up. Time to do some unloading.

Pulling in each metal crate of plants added onto the pressure in her bladder which it could barely take. Jorey had to get to the bathroom and on a toilet soon or she was going to be in a very dirty and humiliating situation. After spending twenty minutes unloading and counting, Jorey, who held her arms around her chest and foot tapped anxiously, told Tom she needed to go to the bathroom and she would be right back.

Each step as she made her way through the store, passing each aisle, each department, only added more of a strain like the crates and carts had. "Oh, I gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go." She whispered to herself. She made it to the bathrooms and stopped as soon as she walked in, frozen in panic with her eyes wide and ready to tear, but she held those waters back just like the one in her bladder; just barely. "Just my luck!" A few woman waited in line. A mix of a couple coworkers and a few customers. All in their mid-twenties to early-thirties. Jorey let out a sigh of desperation as she got at the end of the queue and said to herself, "Damn shit, damn shit, damn shit, shit, shit."

The lady in front of her was a customer. Black t-shirt and tight black sweatpants and wore sandles. She had one hand in her pocket with her legs pressed together. Only TWO stalls were opened! The others had "out of order" signs. What the hell was going on, Jorey thought.

In front of that lady was her coworker Sarah-Marie, a tall blonde with tight pants. Her legs were crossed as she crouched up and down over and over, moaning. In front of her was a shorter coworker, Taylen, who had black hair tied up in a ponytail, hands pressed firmly against her crotch, and gave a bounce here and there. A woman (a customer) who was blonde, pretty blue eyes, wore a tight gray skirt and heels as she stood against the wall shaking her hips. Then stood a young lady, yellow shirt, some meat on her bones but she looked hot still, and had tight black pants on that ran up the crack of her ass.

With each flush, each sink that started to run, it only worsened the women in line desperation. Especially Jorey, who after half the line died down, she had her hands pressed into her crotch too scared to take them away, legs crossed, and bent over which was counterproductive as the jean shorts bit into her bulging bladder eve more. When Jorey stood up straight for a second she could feel a tiny portion of her belly expanded out. She was worried on if she would make it. The anxiety that increased in her chest and made her question every move she'd make until she peed.

The lady in front of Jorey had her hands pressed firmly on her crotch as well. She had her facial cheeks blown up as she shook her head to ignore the pressure that made her want to explode right there. Sarah-Marie meanwhile had her legs crossed, stood only on her toes as he knees turned in center and her waist bent over.

"Oh God...h-here it comes...ah..." Sarah Marie said.

Jorey watched in fear as her poor coworker started to bounce aggresively. Jorey had her hands deep in her crotch as her feet paced back and forth nervously and fast. She started to sweat as the pressure expanded and she felt her bulge become hard as a rock. "My...God..." Jorey said in a strained tone. "Ooooohhhoooo."

A stall opened, and Sarah-Marie's pants were halfway down, exposing her blue panties before she got in there. But Jorey and the black-clothes customer heard her let out a sweet sigh of relief. Sarah-Marie's pee stream was so rapid as it bashed against the water, bubbling as they mixed. She felt her belly shrink, and her body relax, all pain and worries gone, but it was starting to get serious for Jorey and the customer.

"Oh forget this!" the customer said. "My ice coffee is bursting through me, and I can't hold it in anymore. I'm going to the men's room, you coming?"

Jorey thought for a few seconds, but shook her head. She did not want to be part of the double-standard of women invading the men's room and not being labeled as predators when if a man did it he so would be labeled as one. She's seen it (keep in mind this is fiction guys, don't get political).

"Jorey, come to the manager's office NOW!" she heard over the intercom.

"You've got to be kidding!?" Jorey said. "I'm going to freaking explode. Jorey was barely hanging on. Shaking on and off as the pressure presented great discomfort and pain both physically and emotionally. All she wanted to do was pee, she was so close! But the same message came over the intercom even louder and angrier. Jorey grunted and walked to the manager's office. The door was closed so she knocked.

Sasha poked her head out. "Yes, Jorey?" She looked at Jorey with a odd look as she saw her employee shaking up and down holding the center of her waist with both hands. She looked like she was on the verge of tears and turning red. She needed to GO PEE...NOW! Her bladder was heavy and getting impossible to hold.

Jorey said in a strained voice, "You called for me, right?!?"

"No. Oh gosh, sorry. I was calling JOEY. The damn static over the intercom. We need to get that fixed after we fix the septic tank. You can go, sorry."

Jorey annoyed, just speed walked to the bathroom to avoid giving away too much info to each co worker she passed.

BOOOOOOM!......CRASSSSHHHHHHH! Were the sounds that echoed throughout the store as it shook like an earthquake. Jorey held her composure together as she contained the liquid load within. She continued her walk to the bathroom and-

"What the hell?!?!" Jorey shouted without control. Her eyes widened and tightened her crotch by crossing her legs as she stood and bounced as she watched water pour out from under the bathroom doors.

"Looks like I got to go just in time," said the customer in black clothes who used the men's room. "Maybe you should've came with." She laughed cruley. Walking away and leaving Jorey in front of bathrooms which were flooded.

"Oh no!" Sasha said coming out.

"What happened?" Jorey asked, her tummy in agony ready to burst.

"Like I said our septic tank failed inspection last week, so we were having it fixed tonight. Might have to call and see if they can come in earlier."

Jorey's heart sank, her throat closed as she asked, "B-b-but the bathroom's still work right? Like, the toilets and such?"

That's when John came out and locked up both bathroom doors, and slapping out of order signs on them.

Sasha said, "Hells no. There's no plumbing to flush or anything. I was about to piss myself earlier, glad I got to go. I got to make that call."

John looked over, turned on by Jorey who was red, frowned, and tears coming slowly from her eyes as she shook with crossed legs. He also noticed her bottom belly was visible as it bugled out from under her shirt. "Jorey...you going to be ok?"

Jorey drank SO MUCH water today. She had to pee WAY worse than when she got to work earlier and almost wet herself. She felt she could pee in her pants and soak her panties and make an ocean, not a puddle, and ocean on the floor any second. She was ranked with pain of pulses coming one after the other, something sharp trying to pierce out. JOREY HAD TO PEE NOW!!!!!!

"Wh...why....why?" Jorey cried in tears and desperation.

TO BE CONTINUED...

