Dream Love

Author: RomanticLoser

*000*2016-07-22 02:20

Dream Love

You can't believe it, Mr. Simmons actually partnered you with Emma, your crush since elementary school, not like she actually ever noticed your existence anyways. Emma is loved by everybody, the popular type except with none of the bitchy characteristics that you would assume if you recently watched Mean Girls. She is unbelievably gorgeous as well, and she's coming to your house!

Knock, Knock

"Come in!" You shout across the house

"Hi Ben!" She says as she walks into your room clutching her books in that cute way you've always admired. She swings her bookbag off of her back and onto your table.

"Nice house, are your parents not home?"

"No, they are on a cruise, I don't think they get back for another week" You reply, smiling back at her. Deep down you are extremely nervous talking to her, you definitely don't want to mess up this chance to spend time with Emma. You've dreamed up so many different scenarios of this moment, with Her in your room, but you shake off the dirty thoughts. Emma is a good girl, a straight A student, I have to act civilized and try to make her laugh.

"Do you have anything to drink? I'm parched" she asks. You go to the kitchen and grab two sodas, and bring it back to your room and give her her drink.

"Thank you very much," she replies smiling, "Do you wanna get started?"

"Sure, Russia, the World's Death Star"

You and Emma work on the project, doing your research, exchanging laughs and making very good time on the paper. The night is going very well and you and Emma are very much enjoying yourselves. Eventually you both lose focus and begin to just talk as if you were friends for your whole lives. She's fucking perfect, you think to yourself, really wishing that you had gotten the balls to talk to her earlier, as you've missed out on the girl of your dreams your whole life. You learn she's been single since Freshman year, having broken up with her boyfriend because he acted like a child.

"I'm a big boy though, look I'm even wearing grown up underwear!" You joke as you pull the elastic waistband on the underwear to show her. The waistband snaps and your hand flies straight up into your face where you punch yourself right in the face. "Fuck!"

"OH my god you fucking dork, I'm gonna pee myself!" She yells as she laughs hysterically at you. "Where's your bathroom?"

"Our bathroom is actually being remodeled, we don't exactly have a toilet right now" You reply, still laughing.

"Wait, then where do you go to the bathroom?" She questions as she squirms.

"We go across the street to our neighbors if they're home, they're nice people."

"Shit I don't think I can make it across the street." She responds, she begins to look around, as if for something to use, then she looks at you inquisitively for a few moments.

"What?" You ask as she continues to stare at you

"I don't want to pee myself, and I guess you're cute enough"

"What are you talking about?" You question completely confused with what she's saying.

"I gotta pee" she says as she begins to take off her socks, then unbuttons her jeans and starts to slide them down her legs.

"What the fuck are you doing?" You ask as she continues to take off her panties exposing her cute shaved pussy.

"I'm peeing idiot" Emma says as she squats and starts to pee all over your wooden bedroom floor. The piss splashes all over the floor as she releases all of her urine on your bedroom floor. Your cock begins to harden in your pants as you watch your childhood crush pee all over your bedroom floor. She continues until she is completely finished. She looks up at you as you stare down at her.

"You know what, I bet you have to pee as well" Emma says as she takes off her shirt and bra, now completely nude in your room. "Pee on me"

"You want me to what?" You ask her, realizing that at this moment you'll do whatever she asks.

"I pissed on your floor, and in order to make this even you have to piss on something that's mine, but I don't want to ruin my clothes, pee on my tits Ben"

"Um..."

Where did this come from, she's the straight A student, the good girl, she's not supposed to be naked in my room right now.

"Pull that cock out doofus" Emma demands. You follow her orders, you take your dick out of your pants and aim it at Emma's boobs. You wait for a moment, admiring this sight in front of you, the girl of your dreams naked in your bedroom sitting in a pool of her piss awaiting your own flow. You begin to pee on her chest, as it splashes and glistens along her curves. She drops her head back and moans in pleasure as you piss until you no longer have any piss left. She's beautiful, with pee all over her body. She smiles at you while you're holding onto your cock.

"I'm so hot for you right now, I need more" Emma grins as she leans towards you.

"But... I don't have to pee anymore" you reply confused by her actions.

"Your cock silly, I need the other stuff" She coyly says as she winks at you. She reaches her hand out for your cock and directs it towards her mouth, slowly taking your rod into her mouth, licking the head of your cock and swirling her tongue around your shaft. It's like nothing you've ever felt before, you look down at her and she stares up at you with her beautiful blue eyes as she continues to suckle on your cock. You look up at your ceiling, moaning in pleasure, as you do your best not to cum too quickly, which is very difficult in this exact scenario.

At this moment, you can't think of anything better in your life than this exact moment. Your piss all over the girl of your dreams and she wants more from you. I've marked my territory, she's mine. You are very close to the biggest orgasm of your life and you pull out of her mouth, jerking your cock above her face until you explode a massive cumload, covering her face in more of your seed than you've ever came in your life. You look at her, smiling as she smiles back,

"I don't ever want this moment to end, the most beautiful girl I've ever seen in my life all to myself" You tell her, as she wipes the cum out of her eyes smiling.

"I love you Ben, I'm yours baby" Emma says lovingly, "As long as I remember I've dreamed of being with you, in this moment, I mean, my dream didn't have this much cum of course"

"Do you want a rag to wash yourself?" You offer her a towel, and she waves it off.

"I think I want to savor this moment for a little while longer, and everything that goes along with it" Emma says as she stands up and goes over to you, snuggling up against you, piss and cum covered, until you both fall asleep in each other's arms, living your dream life for at least one night, until it all returns to normal.

Or is this the new normal?

