K/DA's Adventures

Author: Renegaxze

*000*2024-02-08 18:17

Author’s note: This is a re-written version of my old story “KDA’s Discovery”. Hopefully, there’s a noticeable increase in writing quality. Enjoy.

Chapter 1:

Evelynn craved a respite from the chaos of Times Square. As a strikingly beautiful and highly sought-after individual, she was used to all eyes turning in her direction. She reveled in the attention, especially when it came from both men and women admiring her flawless form. However, after six hours of parading around the bustling streets, even Evelynn grew weary. As she turned around to catch a glimpse of herself in one of the many mirrors lining the sidewalks, she noticed Ahri gracefully ascending the nearby stairs with a confident stride. The sight of her dear friend brought a smile to Evelynn's face and she eagerly made her way towards her for some much-needed company and conversation.

“Eve? We’re turning in for the night.” Ahri said, turning to face the pop star. “You coming?”

“No, I think I’ll go on a walk first. I need to clear my mind.”

“Aww, did one too many men try to ask you out today?”

“Maybe,” Evelynn smirked, “Not that you’d know that feeling.”

“You don’t have to be so mean!”

Evelynn laughed. “Goodnight sweetheart!”

Ahri pouted as she trudged up the stairs, with Evelynn laughing behind her. As she reached the door, Evelynn suddenly felt a sharp urge in her bladder. She realized it had been 6 hours since she last relieved herself and was starting to feel desperate. "I can hold it," she reassured herself. Finally outside, the cool night air hit her face and she took a moment to breathe deeply before beginning her walk down the driveway and turning onto the street.

As she strolled along, her mind replayed the events of the day. In the evening, she and her girlfriends had ventured to Times Square for a much-needed "girls' night out". It wasn't long before a group of girls recognized them and approached, but luckily they were respectful and didn't cause too much of a scene. As they chatted, Evelynn's need to use the restroom grew urgent. She hadn't gone before they left and now she was regretting it. When the fans finally dispersed, Evelynn was desperate to find a bathroom. She suggested they go to H&M for some retail therapy.

Once inside, the group split up to browse for outfits while Evelynn made a beeline for the restroom. Just as she reached it, she couldn't hold it any longer and leaked a little in her underwear. Hastily entering a stall, she yanked down her panties and released hours' worth of pent-up urine. The sensation of relief was overwhelming and surprisingly pleasurable. She couldn't help but moan with satisfaction, not caring if anyone heard her. After all, it was only natural. Eventually, her stream tapered off and she cleaned herself up before rubbing her thighs together to relieve some tension and heading back out to join her friends. The succubus relished the memory of pleasure, savoring it with a flick of her tongue over her lips.

Evelynn continued her solitary walk through the silent streets of Long Island, illuminated only by the occasional flickering streetlamp. The eerie backdrop set her at ease, and she relished in the peacefulness of the night. As she walked, her urgency grew with each step. She was about thirty minutes from home, and her bladder was nearly bursting. On top of that, a heavy sensation in her bowels added to her discomfort. "Damn," she thought to herself. "I really need to go." But could she make it back in time? A wave of panic washed over her until she remembered the thrill of her near-accident earlier in Times Square and how satisfying it felt. A mischievous smile spread across her face as she stopped under a lone streetlight and grabbed herself, doing a subtle pee dance. At 2 AM, no one was awake or out on the streets, giving Evelynn free rein to indulge in her desires.

After holding on for several minutes, Evelynn's bladder couldn't take it any longer, and she began to release into her black panties. With a sigh of relief, she pressed her legs together tightly and felt the warm liquid flow down them and into her high heels. The heat was a welcome respite from the chill of the October night. As her stream continued, Evelynn squatted down, allowing her pee to pool around her lower body and soak into the bottom of her skirt. She moaned with pleasure as the golden liquid formed a puddle underneath her on the sidewalk. Finally standing back up, Evelynn felt a sense of satisfaction as her stream tapered off and trickled down her legs.

Evelynn's body was already tense and aroused as she focused on the task at hand. With a deep breath, she began to bear down and push her solid waste out. A low groan escaped her lips as she felt her anus expand to accommodate the head of a turd pushing its way out. Her skirt, now soaked with sweat and anticipation, was hiked up to reveal her bare bottom. Another grunt accompanied another push, as the turd made contact with her panties, its slightly lumpy texture adding to Evelynn's heightened state of arousal. She pushed harder, feeling the bulge in her panties grow larger until it finally snapped off from her anus. Evelynn straightened herself out, only to immediately bend over again as a second turd began its journey through her body.

The sound of her moans filled the street as she helplessly pooped her panties, unable to contain her pleasure any longer. Once the second log had passed, Evelynn stood there panting heavily, her arousal having reached uncharted levels. Taking a moment to catch her breath, she turned around to inspect the evidence of her deed. Through blurred vision and a haze of lust, she could make out a sizable lump in her panties - larger than her fist. Without hesitation, Evelynn placed a trembling hand against the mess and pressed down on it, sending shivers of excitement down her spine and causing the mess to spread further up towards her asscrack.

Evelynn's body was burning with desire as she walked back, unable to resist the throbbing between her legs. In a moment of impulsive abandon, she shed her jacket and bra, letting the cool night air caress her bare skin. The moon lit up her curves in an ethereal glow as she continued undressing, discarding every last article of clothing until only her panties remained. With a trembling hand, Evelynn slid beneath the fabric and began teasing her sensitive spot, sending waves of pleasure coursing through her body. She collapsed onto the ground, lost in ecstasy as she feverishly pleasured herself. Her panties were soaked from her arousal, spreading around her hips and clinging to every curve.

"I-I'm such a d-dirty s-slut," Evelynn stuttered out, her mind consumed by the intense sensations pulsating through her. With one hand occupied between her legs, she reached up and gave a firm squeeze to her exposed breast, eliciting another surge of pleasure. As an orgasm built within her, Evelynn plunged two fingers deep into her slick folds and began pumping them in and out with fervor, moaning loudly into the night. Her breath came in ragged gasps as she neared the edge, thrusting and fingering herself even harder in search of release. And then it hit - an explosion of pleasure that sent shockwaves through her entire being. Evelynn screamed out in pure bliss as she reached the peak of pleasure. Her body convulsed with each wave of ecstasy, causing her to squirt her juices onto the sidewalk below in a wild display of carnal release.

As her orgasm washed over her, Evelynn's body went limp and she collapsed onto the cool sidewalk, panting heavily as she lay there in a state of bliss. Her panties were soaked and messy, evidence of the pleasure she had just experienced. After catching her breath, Evelynn rose to her feet and calmly removed her soiled underwear, discarding them with a nonchalant wave. With a sly smile on her face, she decided to walk back to the house completely naked. The cool air caressed her bare skin, heightening the sensations pulsing through her body. As she strolled confidently down the street, Evelynn reveled in the thrill of being exposed and vulnerable in public. It was exhilarating and liberating at the same time. She couldn't wait to tell her friends about this daring adventure when she got back home.

To be continued...

&&

*001*2024-02-08 18:33

Chapter 2:

After a long and grueling tour, Akali could finally feel herself unwinding and letting go of the stress that had built up. With her girl group by her side, she was ready for a night of fun and revelry. The previous evening had been spent in Times Square, indulging in some retail therapy. But tonight, they opted for something simpler - a local club within walking distance of their spacious mansion.

As Akali rummaged through her wardrobe, she couldn't help but feel excited at the prospect of spending some quality time with her friends. She quickly settled on an outfit - a pair of sleek Adidas pants paired with a stylish crop top/hoodie combo that she had picked up during their shopping spree. Comfy, yet still trendy. A perfect fit for the occasion.

With one last glance in the mirror to admire her flawless ensemble, Akali couldn't help but give herself a satisfied smirk. "Looking good, 'Kali," she said to herself before heading downstairs to join her girls in the common area, where laughter could already be heard emanating from. This was going to be a night to remember.

“You ready to head out?” Ahri asked, a look of happy excitement spread across her face.

“Sure am,” Akali replied.

The girls emerged from the comfortable confines of the house and began their journey to the club, reminiscing about their previous tour as they walked. But as they made their way through the bustling town, Akali suddenly realized something she had forgotten in her excitement - a quick trip to the restroom before leaving. Her heart sank for a moment, but she reassured herself that the club would surely have facilities available. As they strolled along, taking in the sights and sounds of the city around them, Akali's mind drifted back to the events of the previous evening...

After a day of clothes shopping in the bustling Times Square, Akali and her friends had finally found some time to relax. Akali couldn't resist showing off her new outfit, so she went looking for her friends. As she scanned the busy streets, she spotted Evelynn walking briskly toward the restroom. A wave of concern washed over Akali and she followed her friend to make sure she was okay. Upon entering the bathroom, she heard the unmistakable sound of someone urinating in one of the stalls.

Feeling relieved that her friend was fine, Akali turned to leave when she heard a soft moan coming from the stall. Curiosity getting the better of her, Akali turned back around and realized that only one stall was occupied - it had to be Evelynn's. It suddenly clicked in Akali's mind - Evelynn must have been desperately holding her bladder and that's why she rushed to the restroom. Another moan escaped from the stall, causing Akali's cheeks to flush with embarrassment and arousal. She couldn't deny the thrill of being caught up in such an intimate moment with her friend and her own body began to respond with increasing heat. Realizing where she was, Akali quickly made a hasty exit before Evelynn could notice her.

The girls arrived at the trendy club and made their way over to the plush booth they had reserved. Akali's need to relieve herself had grown since they had left, but the incident at Times Square had piqued her curiosity. She decided to hold it in for now and enjoy the lively atmosphere of the club. As they settled into their seats, the girls ordered drinks, with Akali opting for a refreshing Malibu and Sprite, which she quickly downed. The music blared and the lights pulsed as they chatted and sipped on their drinks. Akali, however, had already imbibed three cocktails in just two hours and could feel her bladder protesting. She began to fidget in her seat, but strangely, the feeling of urgency only added to her excitement.

Then, her favorite song "How You Like That" started playing and she couldn't resist joining her friends on the dance floor. They effortlessly performed the choreography that they knew by heart, with Kai'Sa's skills shining through as she flawlessly danced along to other groups' songs. But as Akali moved to the beat, she couldn't ignore the growing pressure on her bladder. How much longer could she hold out? She definitely didn't want to embarrass herself by wetting her pants in the middle of a crowded nightclub.

As the song ended, they made their way back to their booth and ordered another round of drinks. However, as Akali took another sip of her cocktail, she was reminded once again of her urgent need to pee. She squirmed in her seat, trying to alleviate some of the discomfort, when suddenly something hit her shoulder and startled her. To her surprise, a small spurt of pee escaped before she could catch it. She quickly grabbed herself and looked over to see Ahri passed out next to her. The Kumiho always had a low tolerance for alcohol compared to the rest of them.

Evelynn burst into a fit of boisterous laughter, her emerald eyes sparkling with mischief. “Damn it Ahri, you really need to work on that you pussy!” Akali slowly moved over and let Ahri’s head rest on a soft cushion, trying to hide her smirk at the teasing. As she became more desperate, she scanned the room for a solution. Her gaze landed on the bathroom, but her hopes were quickly dashed as she saw a line stretching at least 15 people long.

Not even worth it yet, she thought bitterly. I might as well just wait it out. And so, Akali continued to sit at the booth, sipping on her cocktail and fidgeting in her seat as her desperation grew. On top of that, she felt a sharp twinge in her bowels, indicating that nature was calling in more ways than one. Now the ninja had to deal with two areas of urgent need, making her squirm even more uncomfortably in her seat.

As the pulsating beats of the music filled the air, Evelynn couldn't ignore Akali's discomfort any longer. Glancing over at her bandmate on the dance floor, she caught sight of the ninja pop star squirming in her seat. With a sly smirk, Evelynn decided to play a little game. She sauntered over and tugged at Akali's arm, beckoning her towards the throbbing crowd. "Come on 'Kali, let's lose ourselves," she purred. Akali nervously glanced around.

“Sorry Eve, but I’m not really feeling up for that at the moment,” Akali spoke with a hint of hesitation in her voice.

“Come on! Let loose and have some fun,” Evelynn cooed seductively. She took advantage of the moment to give Akali's crotch a teasingly light rub, causing the ninja to let out a small moan

“A-ah, n-not right now," Akali stuttered as she felt heat rising to her cheeks.

“Suit yourself,” Evelynn shrugged playfully as she gracefully rose from her seat and made her way toward the pulsating dance floor. The beat of the music seemed to match the rhythm of her hips as she swayed and twirled with effortless grace.

Akali shifted uncomfortably in her seat, her bladder reaching its breaking point as she sipped on her cocktail. Her legs crossed tightly and she rubbed her thighs together, trying to hold it in. But then a sharp cramp hit her stomach, causing her to hunch over with the pressure. She glanced over at the bathroom, desperately wishing for the line to be gone. Finally, with a burst of determination, she left Ahri alone at the booth and made her way to the restroom.

As she walked, Akali could feel another spurt escape into her already damp panties. She cursed under her breath, feeling like a child who couldn't control their bladder. But there was no turning back now. She pushed open the door to the bathroom and hurriedly made her way to an empty stall. But just as she reached for the door handle, she felt herself leaking even more, unable to hold it in any longer. "Shit shit shit," she exclaimed as she frantically struggled with the door. Finally, it swung open and she practically fell into the stall.

Her white pants were quickly becoming soaked with warm pee as Akali let out a moan of relief. The overwhelming pleasure of finally releasing her full bladder caused her to lean against the door behind her, further soaking herself from behind. She couldn't believe it - here she was, a skilled and well-known musician, and yet she was wetting herself like a little girl. Part of her wanted to be embarrassed or humiliated, but as the hot liquid continued to pour out of her, all Akali could feel was pure enjoyment.

With one hand still pressed between her legs, feeling the warm urine running down them, she couldn't resist sliding her other hand down and letting some of it run over her fingers before dripping onto the floor below. The sensation sent shivers down her spine and she couldn't help but revel in it. Finally, after what felt like an eternity, her stream tapered off and came to a stop. But even as she stood there, pants soaked and bladder emptied, Akali couldn't help the smile that spread across her face. She may have wet herself, but in that moment, she felt free and unburdened.

But the ninja's body wasn’t done with her as it convulsed with another stomach cramp, causing Akali to double over in pain. She could feel the urge building inside her, and before she knew it, a solid log started making its way out of her anus. Gritting her teeth, Akali tried to hold it in, but her muscles betrayed her as they pushed the turd out and into her panties. The pop star let out a low moan, feeling both embarrassed and aroused by the situation. Her excrement tented her pants outward as it continued to push its way out of her. Now I'm shitting myself too, she thought, feeling a rush of dirty pleasure wash over her.

As another log forced its way out, Akali brought her hand to her breast and gave it a light squeeze, eliciting a soft gasp from her lips. Her arousal grew with each passing second as she continued to poop herself, unable to stop the inevitable. With one hand rubbing herself through her pants, Akali used the other to grip the emerging log, finding pleasure in the taboo act. But soon, yet another log began to force its way out, and Akali couldn't help but give in to the intense sensation.

Bringing her hand to her rear, she felt the mess in her already soiled panties. Without hesitation, she began to explore and touch herself in this new state of vulnerability. As she pushed against the third log, she found herself gripping it tightly while simultaneously rubbing her sensitive clit with abandon. The pleasure was overwhelming for the pop star as she teetered on the edge of release. Finally, as the last log ended its journey out of her body, Akali cried out in ecstasy as she climaxed hard, squirting into her already-soaked pants. Feeling both physically and emotionally spent, she collapsed against the door in a heap of sweaty bliss.

With a heavy sigh, Akali forced herself to snap back to reality. She quickly untied her pants and discarded them in the toilet, feeling relieved as she saw her mess wash away with a flush. As she pulled her pants back up and exited the stall, she took in her surroundings - the bathroom was still deserted, just like when she first entered. Good. Rejoining Ahri at their table, Akali noticed that the kitsune was still sound asleep. A slight panic tugged at her heart as she knew she couldn't stay here much longer without someone noticing the urine stain on her pants. Desperate for a distraction, Akali made her way to the dance floor where she found Evelynn swaying to the music. "Hey Eve," she called out over the thump of the bass, "I think I'm going to head home soon. I'm getting pretty tired."

"That's unusual for you. Normally, we have to drag you out of the club kicking and screaming."

"First of all, I really like partying. And second, I think I had a little too much to drink."

"Hm, fair enough," The succubus replied. "See you around,"

"Same. Oh, and don't forget Ahri, she's still fucking passed out."

The succubus laughed. "Oh don't worry, I won't forget our little fox girl!"

A sly smirk spread across Akali's lips as she responded to her friend's comment and pushed open the heavy doors of the club. As she made her way back through the dark streets, her mind was consumed with thoughts of her recent accident. It was a childish act, but it had brought her such satisfaction. A mischievous grin tugged at the corners of her mouth as she thought, I'm definitely going to have to do that again sometime. The night air whispered through her hair as she walked home, a sense of contentment settling over her like a warm blanket.

To be continued...

(Artwork by Yajuu)

*002*2024-02-08 18:40

Chapter 3:

As the sun rose over Long Island, Ahri awoke with a loud yawn and immediately regretted it as her head throbbed painfully. Her mouth felt like it was filled with cotton and she could taste the remnants of the previous night's excessive drinking. Blinking blearily, she realized she was back in her room. "Ah fuck. Again?" the Kumiho muttered in exasperation, mentally scolding herself for not learning how to pace herself at the club. With a groan, she slowly sat up and swung her legs over the side of the bed, wincing at the bright sunlight streaming through the window.

Determined to shake off her hangover, she rummaged through her cluttered closet and pulled out a fresh t-shirt and a pair of denim shorts. Slipping them on, she stumbled out of her room in search of water to help hydrate her dehydrated body. As she made her way to the kitchen, she caught sight of Kai'Sa already there, expertly flipping pancakes on the stove. "Morning Kai," Ahri croaked, her throat feeling raw from all the shouting and singing at the club last night. She gave Kai'Sa a tired smile, grateful for her roommate's culinary skills as she poured herself a tall glass of water.

“Morning Ahri. You feeling alright?”

“Yeah, I’m still a bit hung from last night.”

“Oh yeah, I remember that! You were passed out cold at the club!”

“Thanks for reminding me.”

“The food’s almost ready. Seeing as you’re up first, you’ll get first dibs.”

Ahri gave her friend a grateful nod and poured herself a glass of water. As she drank, she tried to piece together the hazy memories of the previous night. She remembered dancing with her friends to Blackpink's music, but after that, everything was a blur. Ahri sighed, wishing she hadn't missed out on so much of the fun. As she finished her second glass of water, Ahri suddenly remembered an important issue - she hadn't used the bathroom since last night and her bladder was now protesting loudly. But before she could excuse herself, Kai'Sa called out:

“Ahri! Breakfast is ready!”

“Be right there!” Ahri called back to the dancer. Her bladder could wait. The kumiho was hungry. She made her way over to the dining room where a plate of bacon and eggs waited for her. The pop star immediately sat down and started scarfing it down. Moments later, she heard footsteps coming down the stairs. The others were finally up.

“Good morning darlings,” Evelynn cooed in a seductive tone.

“Morning bitches,” said Akali. The ninja was as sassy as ever.

“Morning,” Ahri replied. At the sight of her, Akali grinned.

“Why hello “Mrs. Low Tolerance,”

Evelynn laughed, “Oh my God! You were out for at least an hour and a half back there! Me and Kai had to carry you back!”

Ahri pouted. “Why are you guys so mean?”

The girls joined their bandmate around the table. As they ate, her bladder reminded her of her needs. The kumiho crossed her legs under the table. She was reminded of something her roommate Evelynn had told them during their last game of truth or dare.

"You did what?" Akali blurted out, laughing.

The succubus recalled a moonlit night when she ventured out for a walk, forgetting to relieve herself beforehand. As her bladder grew increasingly urgent, Evelynn couldn't bring herself to turn back and instead relieved herself right there on the sidewalk. The feeling of release flooded her body with a heady mix of exhilaration and arousal. In a bold move, she indulged in her desires and pleasured herself openly, not caring if any unsuspecting strangers stumbled upon her intimate act. But luck was on her side as no one witnessed her shameless display of lust under the stars.

Eve's confident laughter rang out in the dimly lit room, mingling with Akali's amused giggles. The four friends were lounging on a plush couch, sipping drinks as they chatted about their latest exploits. "Fuck, Eve," Akali exclaimed, her eyes widening in both shock and admiration. "I knew you were a slut, but that's just next level."

Kai'Sa raised an eyebrow, leaning against the wall with a smirk. "Are we really surprised?" she chimed in. "This vixen retweeted her own leaked nudes. I've learned to never underestimate her audacity," she added with a chuckle, shaking her head in mock disbelief.

Ahri's grin widened as she took in the scene before her - herself and her friends living in the moment, embracing their carefree spirits and reveling in their hedonistic tendencies. The air was thick with the scent of alcohol and perfume, and the warm glow of the city lights from across the bay filtered through the window, enveloping them in a cocoon of luxury and decadence. This was their world, where they belonged and thrived, surrounded by opulence and indulgence at every turn.

She pandered her thoughts of the experience more as she sipped some coffee Kai’Sa had poured for her. Had Evelynn enjoyed her accident that much? If she had, then why? As the Kumiho’s desperation grew, so did her curiosity. She decided she would hold it in a bit longer. Though her alcohol tolerance was low, Ahri had a decently strong bladder. She figured she could hold it in for another 2 hours.

As breakfast came to an end, Akali and Evelynn stood up and announced their plans to go shopping at the nearby Gucci store. Kai'Sa chimed in with advice on how to look good in public, emphasizing the importance of expensive clothing that was also comfortable. As the girls left, Kai'Sa asked if Ahri would be okay on her own. With a reassuring nod, Ahri assured her she needed time to recover from last night's festivities.

Once alone, Ahri blew a kiss to Kai'Sa as she walked out the door. Being the neat freak of the group, she took it upon herself to clean up after breakfast. She gathered all the dirty dishes and placed them in the dishwasher before wiping down the table and arranging the chairs. Satisfied with her work, Ahri let out a sigh of relief. But just as she was about to relax, she felt a sharp jolt in her bladder. She had been putting off going to the bathroom but now her desperation was growing by the minute. Remembering her experiment from earlier, Ahri headed back to her room instead of running to the bathroom. She settled onto her bed and turned on "Kingdom: Legendary War", eagerly anticipating performances from two of her favorite boy groups - Stray Kids and Ateez.

As Stray Kids took the stage, Ahri couldn't contain her excitement. Their performance was a mesmerizing combination of their songs "Side Effects" and "God's Menu", complete with intricate storytelling and impressive use of props. Ahri was left in awe as the group left the stage, her heart racing from the thrill of their performance. But as she settled back onto her bed and took a sip of water, Ahri felt a sudden stirring in her bowels. She couldn't ignore it any longer - she was getting desperate in more ways than one now. Clenching her stomach, Ahri did a brief pee-dance before forcing herself to sit still and try to hold it in for a little while longer.

It was now Ateez’s turn to perform. Mesmerized by their re-arrangement of their hit song "Wonderland", Ahri forgot about her desperation during the stage, until they sprayed water at the end of their performance. This sudden shock caused Ahri to leak a little in her panties. Startled, she shoved her hand onto her crotch in desperation. She knew she wouldn't be able to hold on much longer.

Wanting to push herself more, Ahri gulped down the last of her water as SF9, the last group of the day, began their performance. The seductive and energetic performance of their song “Now or Never” left Ahri oddly attracted to all of the members of the group. She couldn't help but think that this must be why Evelynn liked them so much.

After the performance ended, Ahri turned off the TV and focused on trying to hold it in. But just then, she felt her anus widen and knew that she couldn't hold it any longer. In a rush, she quickly ran to her bathroom and grabbed a pair of towels before returning to her bedroom. Setting the towels on the floor, Ahri positioned herself atop them and let out a moan as her bladder gave out, releasing a full-force stream into her denim shorts. The feeling of relief was almost indescribable for the Kumiho pop star.

As her pee soaked her legs and ran into the towel below, Ahri couldn't help but moan loudly. The sensation of her hot piss running down her legs only added to the intense relief she was feeling. After about a minute, her stream finally tapered off and Ahri made sure to empty every last drop into her shorts. Despite the embarrassment of wetting herself, the feeling of relief was worth it for the desperate pop star.

Ahri couldn't help but admire the remnants of her accident, staining the towels beneath her. As she did, her anus involuntarily opened once more. This time, she didn't resist it. Slowly but surely, a thick log emerged from her bowels and pushed into her already soiled panties. The sensation of her anus stretching to accommodate the solid mass made Ahri moan with pleasure. The lumpy texture of the turd only added to her arousal, and she hunched over, grunting as her shorts began to bulge with the weight of her excrement. But that wasn't all that was coming.

With every push from her bowels, a wetter, messier substance followed. Finally, the end of the log snapped off and rested in her panties, creating a sizable bulge behind her. And just when Ahri thought it was over, a wave of liquid rushed out of her, staining the back of her shorts brown as it flowed down her legs and onto the towel beneath her. Exhausted and panting with pleasure, she unbuttoned her shorts and immediately reached for her pussy with one hand while using the other to massage and spread around the mess on her asscheeks.

Lying on the soft towel, Ahri felt a warm cushion of her poop under her. A mixture of arousal and disgust washed over her as she continued to pleasure herself with frantic fingers. The scent of her bodily fluids mixed with the mess in her panties enveloped her, heightening her senses. Finally, with a loud scream, she reached a powerful climax, her juices adding to the already filthy state of her underwear. Panting and satisfied with herself, she collapsed onto the towel. For a while after, Ahri lay there, basking in the afterglow and catching her breath. It was the most intense experience she had ever had outside of her career.

After about 10 minutes, Ahri slowly got up and removed her clothes, being careful not to smear any more poop onto herself. She dumped her soiled underwear into the toilet and tossed her clothes into a designated basket for dirty laundry. Looking at the brown stain on her once-white denim shorts, Ahri knew they were probably ruined. But it didn't bother her; she could always use them again if she felt like indulging in this messy pleasure once more.

Now completely naked, Ahri turned towards the mirror and inspected her rear end. To no surprise, it was coated in filth from her recent self-gratification session. Smiling mischievously, she slowly wiggled her ass from side to side and gave it a playful slap. The imprint of her hand in the mess made her giggle uncontrollably. Satisfied with the sight, she stepped into the shower and turned on the water.

As she cleaned herself off, Ahri couldn't help but wonder if one of her bandmates would be interested in joining her in this taboo activity. After all, they were always looking for new ways to push boundaries and break societal norms as pop stars. And what better way to bond with each other than through the ultimate taboo: playing in their own mess.

To be continued...

(Artwork by Yajuu)

*003*2024-02-12 21:45

Chapter 4:

The sun rose high in the sky, casting a golden glow over the bustling city of New York. Kai'Sa gazed out the train window as it rattled through Long Island, heading towards her favorite place in the city - Central Park. The anticipation bubbled within her as she mentally prepared for her morning run through the park's winding paths and lush greenery.

As she stepped off the train at Penn Station, Kai'Sa eagerly made her way to the subway, eager to begin her day with an invigorating exercise routine. She hummed along to K-pop songs blasting through her earphones, a mix of her own group's hits and those of other popular artists like Stray Kids and Dreamcatcher. Exiting the Metro station, she felt the warmth of the morning sun on her skin and breathed in the crisp air that carried a hint of fresh flowers and trees.

With a smile on her face, Kai'Sa walked towards her usual starting point for her run - an intersection between two paths near the park's serene lake. Taking off her backpack, she glanced around and saw that there was no one else in sight yet, allowing her to indulge in a brief moment of freedom. With practiced ease, she stripped off her shirt and pants, revealing her toned body with no undergarments in sight. She loved the feeling of complete freedom when dancing or exercising without any constraints. After a few moments of basking in the sunlight in all her naked glory, Kai'Sa slipped into her running clothes - a black cropped shirt and shorts - before slinging her bag back on.

But just as she was about to start running, she felt a slight discomfort in her stomach. She remembered that she hadn't used the bathroom since yesterday and decided to ignore it for now, eager to begin her run. Pressing play on her playlist, she started jogging at an easy pace, taking in the breathtaking sights and sounds of the park waking up. It was still early, so the park wasn't too crowded yet, giving Kai'Sa ample space to run freely.

As she weaved through the paths, she couldn't help admiring the stunning scenery around her - the vibrant trees, birds chirping in the background, and glimpses of towering skyscrapers in the distance. With (G)I-dle's popular song "Hwaa" providing a steady beat in her ears, Kai'Sa felt invigorated and alive. But as she ran on, her need for a toilet gradually became more pressing. She could feel her bowels shifting and her body urging her to find a restroom, but she was determined to complete her route first. After all, there was a bathroom near the end of her run. She just had to hold on a little longer.

As the sun rose higher in the sky, Kai'Sa's morning run took her past the zoo. The stillness of the early morning was broken by the faint noises of animals starting their day. She caught glimpses of tigers prowling through their enclosures, elephants lumbering towards breakfast, and grizzly bears lazily stretching in the sunlight between trees. As she jogged by, she couldn't help but appreciate the beauty and peacefulness of the world awakening around her.

As she continued on her route, Kai'Sa felt a growing pressure in her lower abdomen. The need to relieve herself was imminent, but she pushed it aside with thoughts of finishing her run and reaching her daily step goal. Her favorite song "Scream" by Dreamcatcher blasted through her headphones, pushing her feet to move even faster. The energetic beat matched her pace perfectly, propelling her forward with determination.

But as she reached the southern end of the park, the urgency grew. Her stomach rumbled and churned as she fought against her body's natural urges. Still, she persevered, determined to finish what she had started. As she rounded another corner onto the western perimeter, a group of fans spotted her and called out excitedly. Kai'Sa smiled and waved, grateful for their support but too focused on her run to stop and chat.

Her heart pounded with each step as she ran past monuments and fountains toward the halfway point of her route. But with each passing minute, the pressure in her bowels became harder to ignore. She checked her fitness tracker and saw that she still had about a mile left before reaching a bathroom. Time was running out.

The thrill of desperation only fueled Kai'Sa's determination to finish strong. As she picked up her pace, small pangs of discomfort turned into sharp cramps in her stomach. She knew she needed relief soon or it would be too late.

As she entered a wooded section of the park, she could see a sign pointed to a bathroom up the path, just a mile away. But as she pushed through the wooded area, her pace slowed and her body rebelled. The sharp pang of cramps made her stop in her tracks and double over in pain. With only minutes left to go, her body could barely hold on.

Standing still amidst the hustle and bustle of the park, Kai'Sa's stomach churned uneasily. A sharp pang shot through her lower abdomen, and she felt her anus involuntarily widen. Panic set in as she desperately tried to clench it shut, but it was no use. Frantically looking around for a bathroom or any place to hide, the pop star realized there was no escape. With a heavy sigh, she squatted down on the grassy path and closed her eyes in resignation.

Before she could even pull down her pants, her bowels gave way with a loud fart. Hot, runny excrement poured out of her like a river, staining her black shorts and pooling at her feet. She gulped in shock, feeling the sticky mess drip down her thighs and coat the back of her shorts. Despite the mortifying situation, there was a strange sense of relief as she let go of all the pent-up waste that had been building inside her.

But then another wave hit her, thicker this time, almost like sludge. Kai'Sa let out a low moan as she continued to empty herself into her shorts. The warm sensation of her own feces against her skin somehow turned her on, adding to the humiliation of the situation. As more diarrhea spurted out of her, she couldn't help but feel aroused by the whole experience.

Just when she thought it was over, a solid turd began to push its way out of her anus. With a shrug of resignation, she allowed it to join the mess in her shorts, feeling it bulge out and stretch the fabric outward. In between grunts and whimpers of embarrassment, Kai'Sa couldn't help but acknowledge how naughty and dirty she felt at that moment.

But there was no one around to witness her accident. Looking behind her at the bulge in her shorts, the pop star couldn't believe how much of a mess she had made. She sat down on the path, feeling the warm, squishy pile under her and around her butt. It was oddly comforting, like being cradled by her own waste.

As if that wasn't enough, her bladder also demanded to be emptied. With a deep breath, Kai'Sa let go and allowed herself to pee in her already-soiled shorts. The warm liquid flowed freely, forming a puddle around her crotch as she giggled at the absurdity of it all. Finally, after what felt like an eternity, she shook the last droplets of urine free and sat there in a wet, smelly mess.

With her heart pounding and her body trembling with desire, Kai'Sa hastily stripped off her shirt and shorts. The white fabric clung to her damp skin, highlighting the curves of her toned body. Without hesitation, she delved into a feverish masturbation session right there in the middle of the path. She gave no thought to the possibility of being seen, lost in her own pleasure. With one hand working furiously between her legs, Kai'Sa squeezed her left breast with the other, moaning as waves of ecstasy crashed through her.

As she climaxed, her cum splashed out onto the pavement, but the dancer didn't stop there. For the next 5 minutes, she continued to pleasure herself, releasing multiple orgasms that left puddles of vaginal fluid on the ground. When she finally finished, Kai'Sa lay naked in a pool of her own piss and cum, about two feet wide. It wasn't until she heard faint voices approaching that she snapped back to reality.

Frantically grabbing her clothes, Kai'Sa hid behind a bush without even bothering to put them on. She held her breath as the voices passed by without noticing her or the puddle beneath her. Once they were gone, she emerged from her hiding spot and returned to the middle of the path. Using her shorts, she cleaned up the mess on her butt before putting them back on and continuing on her way. She was only a few minutes away from the bathrooms where she could clean herself up properly.

Despite the embarrassment of being caught in such a compromising situation, Kai'Sa couldn't help but smile at her little accident. She knew it wouldn't be long before she found herself in a similar position again during one of her runs. And this time, she wouldn't mind at all.

To be continued...

(Artwork by Yajuu)

*004*2024-02-12 22:15

Chapter 5:

Nine days later…

The warm water cascaded down Ahri's body, soothing her muscles and washing away any lingering tension from the day. She closed her eyes and let out a content sigh, relishing in the feeling of cleanliness. Once she was finished, Ahri stepped out of the shower and wrapped herself in a fluffy towel, the soft fabric absorbing the droplets of water on her skin. She quickly dried off and slipped into a comfortable yet stylish outfit consisting of white panties, black leggings, and a sleek black crop top that accentuated her figure.

As she made her way downstairs, Ahri heard the doorbell ring, and her excitement grew. It was Evelynn and Akali, both adorned in new designer clothes and accessories.

"You look stunning!" Ahri exclaimed with genuine admiration.

"It's amazing what $4k can buy you in the world of fashion," Evelynn replied with a smug smirk.

"Do you like my fit?" Akali asked eagerly.

"I doubt you've ever looked better, 'Kali," Ahri complimented excitedly.

"Thanks. Now I have to run. I have to show Kai this! Thanks again, Eve!" Akali said before darting back out the door, which Evelynn promptly closed behind her.

"So, what have you been up to?" Evelynn asked curiously.

"I just watched that boy group's performance," Ahri answered with a mischievous grin.

"And?" Evelynn prodded.

"Let's just say I now understand your obsession with them," Ahri replied slyly.

"I told you. They really make you feel 'some type of way', don't they?" Evelynn teased.

"Absolutely," Ahri confirmed with a giggle.

For the next few hours, the two friends gossiped about the different groups on "Kingdom", debating over who had the best singing voice, rapper skills, and overall looks. As the sun began to set, Ahri couldn't help but wonder where Kai'Sa and Akali had gone.

"Hey Eve, do you think 'Kai and Kali are?" Ahri asked, referring to their missing roommates.

"Knowing that ninja, she probably dragged Kai right back into the city for a night out. I wouldn't worry," Evelynn reassured her.

"I never said I was worried," Ahri responded with a playful smile.

After they all finished dinner, the girls lounged around watching TV before eventually deciding to indulge in some karaoke, one of their favorite pastimes. As the night grew later, Ahri went upstairs to wash her face while Evelynn stayed downstairs for a bit longer. However, as Ahri finished up in the bathroom, she heard the front door close. Assuming it was Kai'Sa and Akali returning, she went down to greet them. To her surprise, she didn't see anyone at the entrance. More importantly, Evelynn was nowhere to be seen downstairs.

Curiosity getting the best of her, Ahri quietly slipped out of the house wearing a pair of sneakers to minimize noise. She followed behind Evelynn for about a minute or so before they reached a corner where the succubus suddenly stopped and turned left. Peeking out from behind a nearby bush, Ahri watched in shock as Evelynn lifted her skirt and began peeing through her panties without a care in the world. Heat pooled between Ahri's legs as she watched her sexy friend relieve herself in such an open and uninhibited manner. With her enhanced dark vision, Ahri could see every detail as Evelynn's muscles relaxed and she let out a sigh of relief. It was an unexpected yet incredibly arousing sight for the kumiho.

Evelynn was in a state of pure bliss, reveling in the sensation of her golden urine cascading down her legs. After holding it in all day, the relief was beyond wonderful. She couldn't help but moan as she squatted down and allowed her stream to wet her skirt. The succubus shivered with pleasure as her pee pooled around her ass before dripping into the fabric. And judging by the faint moan coming from a certain kumiho nearby, someone else was also quite satisfied. Evelynn's smirk only grew wider.

"Darling, you can come out now. Don't be shy," Evelynn called out tauntingly.

Ahri slowly emerged from behind a bush, blushing furiously. "O-oh...hey Eve. I-I didn't mean to..."

"It's alright, Sweetie. I know why you're here. Your moans gave you away," Evelynn purred as she approached the flustered kumiho. Even in the dim light, she could see Ahri's cheeks turn even redder. "Don't worry, everyone has their needs," Evelynn continued, running a teasing hand over Ahri's crotch and causing her to let out a soft moan. "But now, Mama Eve has some other 'business' to attend to. Care to watch?" Without waiting for a response, Evelynn began to walk away.

Ahri watched with rapt attention as Evelynn lifted her skirt to reveal a pair of purple lace panties. Her eyes widened as the succubus bent forward and let out a small grunt, accompanied by the distinct sound of something cracking inside her panties. Despite the chorus of crickets in the night, Ahri could still hear it as Evelynn began to defecate into her underwear, moaning with pleasure. The bulge on the back of her panties continued to grow until finally, with a sharp exhale, Evelynn finished her bowel movement and breathed heavily. Ahri couldn't help but start rubbing herself again, unable to resist her intense arousal. Evelynn grinned at her.

"Not yet, Darling," she teased. "Come on, let's go somewhere more comfortable."

With that, Evelynn led Ahri back to their house. As the kumiho walked behind her friend, she couldn't tear her eyes away from the hypnotic sway of Evelynn's waste-filled ass. It took all of Ahri's self-control not to pin her down and start eating her out then and there. When they reached their destination, Evelynn led Ahri up to her room, knowing full well just how desperate for release the kumiho was now.

As soon as they were inside and alone, Ahri wasted no time in groping Evelynn's ass and feeling around the bulge in her panties. She shivered with excitement at the sensation of her succubus friend's feces pressing against the fabric. Evelynn grinned wickedly at her, happy to have found a new way to turn Ahri on. But the kumiho wasn't satisfied yet – she needed one more thing.

"Eve...I need to use the bathroom," Ahri whispered urgently.

"It's right over there," Evelynn replied casually.

But instead of heading towards the toilet, Ahri grabbed a nearby towel. "I never said I was going to use a toilet."

"That's my good girl," Evelynn purred as she watched Ahri move closer, ready to indulge in their shared fetish.

With a sly smile, Ahri slowly released her bladder, feeling the hot rush of urine soaking through the fabric of her leggings. She let out a soft sigh as she continued to let go, watching as the material turned dark and clung to her skin. Her friend Evelynn watched with interest, finding herself greatly turned on by the sight of her foxy companion wetting herself in front of her.

Unable to contain her own excitement any longer, Ahri squatted down like Evelynn, feeling a warm stream of pee soak through her leggings and onto her butt. As she did so, Ahri slid a hand into her soaked panties and felt the force of her stream against it. A shiver ran through her body as she brought the hand up to her mouth and tasted her own fresh urine on her tongue. It was surprisingly not unpleasant.

As Ahri's stream finally died down, she found herself squatting on a towel that was now soaked with her pee. "Good girl, Ahri," cooed Evelynn, relishing in the power dynamic between them. "Now, why don't you make a mess in those pretty leggings too?"

"You bitch," Ahri growled playfully.

"I know," Evelynn purred with satisfaction. Ahri couldn't help but smirk despite the discomfort in her stomach. It was always fun being friends with this woman.

Suddenly, a sharp cramp hit Ahri and she doubled over in pain. Moans escaped her lips as she felt pressure building up in her rear. Evelynn gave a sultry smile as she watched her friend's bowels give out in front of her. Ahri let out a long fart before diarrhea exploded out of her, soaking through the already-wet fabric of her leggings and running down her legs. She stuck her tongue out and moaned loudly, finding pleasure in the taboo act of relieving herself in front of someone.

Evelynn was greatly aroused by the whole display, slipping two fingers into her own pussy and starting to masturbate as she watched Ahri continue to release her bowels. As Ahri's torrent finally came to an end, she felt a more solid log push its way out of her anus. With a grunt, she pushed it out until it snapped off and joined the mess in her leggings. Meanwhile, Evelynn was reaching the peak of her own pleasure, unable to contain herself any longer as she screamed in ecstasy. Ahri looked up just in time to see clear fluids pouring from Evelynn's pussy.

Without hesitation, she crawled over to her friend and began licking up the sweet juices with a playful grin on her face. But Evelynn pushed her back with a shake of her finger, wanting to savor the moment for herself.

“Not yet, Sweetheart,” the succubus purred with a mischievous glint in her eye. “Let’s get you cleaned up first.” Evelynn led her friend to the luxurious bathroom of her lavish penthouse, where both pop stars eagerly stripped off their clothes and stepped into the decadent double shower. The warm water cascaded down on them as they lathered each other's bodies with soap, washing away the evidence of their passionate encounter. For the next 15 minutes, they indulged in intimate kisses and sensual touches, reveling in each other's nakedness.

Once they were thoroughly clean, they wrapped themselves in plush towels before making their way to Evelynn's bedroom. There was no need for clothes, as they both knew what was to come next. Ahri climbed onto the bed and spread her legs invitingly, while Evelynn wasted no time in kneeling between them, her tongue expertly caressing every inch of the kumiho's dripping entrance. Moans of pleasure filled the air as Ahri arched her back and squeezed her own breasts, lost in the waves of ecstasy crashing over her.

When she reached her peak, she cried out in pure bliss and released a gush of fluid onto Evelynn's face. With a satisfied sigh, she collapsed back onto the pillows while Evelynn gave her a moment to catch her breath. But it wasn't long before the succubus crawled up beside her, bringing her own soaked pussy right to Ahri's waiting mouth.

Without hesitation, the pop star eagerly devoured Evelynn, sucking and licking at her sensitive bud until she writhed with pleasure beneath her. Meanwhile, Ahri's skilled fingers delved deep inside the succubus, eliciting a moan that sent shivers down both their spines. As she climaxed once again, she released a stream of sweet nectar into Ahri's open mouth, which the kumiho eagerly lapped up, savoring every drop.

With a satisfied smirk, Evelynn gave her friend an alluring look. "I assume you'll be staying the night with me?"

Ahri returned the gaze with a sultry smile. "Oh yes, I most definitely will." The two entwined in each other's arms as Evelynn pulled the covers over them, ready to spend the night indulging in their forbidden desires.

"Goodnight, Darling," Evelynn whispered before they drifted off into a deep slumber, intertwined in each other's embrace.

To be continued...

(Artwork by Yajuu)

