Searching for ExperienceProject Omo (deperation) stories

Author: randomkath

*000*2022-01-25 04:03

As the title suggest, I'm searching for four stories from ExperienceProject, but I can only vaguely describe them, and I do not know the authors.

- Story One:

A medium-length story about a guy and a girl in a Dom/sub relationship. The story is told from the guy's perspective. He refers to the girl as "my slut", and the story does at one point include the phrase "she was trying to hide the mandatory rip in her pantyhose".

He has taken away the burden of peeing from her, by peeing for her. That of course means that when she complains that she hasn't urinated in a day, he only sighs, whips it out, and pees right there in front of her, on a parking lot. Of course, he has just "peed for her" and "her bladder is now empty", so she's no longer supposed to show any need. He then decides her figeting is the result of bladder cramps (to be cured with massages) and dehydration (to be cured with water).

I think the story ends with the phrase "She was going to please me. She better."

- Story Two:

A woman goes to a job interview at a very professional place (law office, or simmilar). She is greeted by a bursting woman, and the boss, a man. She later discovers that the boss forces his female employees to hold their pee, and even has inserted some kind of urethral plug into the other woman, who already works there. The two women defeat the boss (and maybe end up killing him in self-defense? not quite sure).

- Story Three:

A college freshman who follows certain rules, among them to never pee into a toilet other than her own, and drink as much water as she possibly can without drowning herself. She gets up one morning, bursting at the seams, decides to challenge herself, skips her morning pee, chucks a whole bunch of water, and goes to her Movie Studies class. Unfortunately the lecture turns out to be about the first feature-length film that focusses on female desperation. The professor is into method acting, and picks a few students to "relive" what the characters in the movie have felt.

- Story Four:

A woman who is sexually arroused by having a full bladder, dozes off while she has to pee. She dreams about slipping into a parallel world, where all women are frantic and bloated. When she asks where the bathroom is in a store, she gets laughed at, because haha, lady's rooms, how gross and ridicoulous. She goes home to her roommate, who is just about to lie down with a giant bloated bladder. When she complains that she has to pee, she is told that of course, all women always have to pee, because females are banned from urination by a constitutional amendment. The roommate thinks the dreamer is weird for wanting to pee. She tries to sneak a pee anyway, and has her door kicked in, by armed cops, who force her to clamp it shut. Then they bring in "The Juicer", which is some kind of device to pump delinquent bladders with large amounts of fluids. Liters and liters of hot boiling piss get pumped into her bladder. And then she wakes up.

So... does anyone have any idea what I'm talking about? Any savefiles? Zips on long-forgotten harddrives? Internet Archive links? Pretty please?

*002*2022-01-25 09:05

{{2 hours ago, DesperateToes said:

I'm searching for stories too! Would love to see k4yl4's content again

}}

Thank you, now I have a name, at least!

*005*2022-01-25 12:45

{{1 hour ago, nappypants said:

Was a strange one, was pretty much the place for wetting and diaper experience stories 10 years or so ago, but just seemed to be run by one person, and then they banned “adult” stuff and it all fell apart pretty quickly. Sure I copied and pasted plenty of stuff from there back in the day (not those particular ones though, as they don’t look like ones that would be of particular interest personally). There must be people active on here and other sites who were regulars there?

}}

Yes, many regulars from EP can be found on here.

That's why I'm hoping someone has either saved one of these stories, or at least recognizes them, and can tell me the title or author, so I can do further research.

*006*2022-02-05 16:10

Okay, last try.

Anyone got anything? Pretty please?

*008*2022-02-05 23:52

Oh yes, thank you!

It's a bit different from how I remembered it, but that's definitely it.

*011*2022-02-06 18:09

Haha, I just knew most of the old EP folks could be found around here, but since I didn't remember any of the authors...

Like, I've been a fan of @bes31 forever, but it never occured to me the first one might have been one of his. @rebeljaffa, this one is amazin, and Doreen, thank you so much for finding all this.

*013*2022-02-06 18:12

Oh, it's extreme arlright, but extreme is exactly what I'm into.

Whether it's extreme D/s, with lots of bladder control and evil punishment, or extreme, unrealistic holding.

Thank you.

*019*2022-02-12 23:09

You people are amazing!

Thank you - and keep them coming!

