Powerpuff Girl fanficiton (they are adults here...nothing bad, all PG)

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2018-01-21 02:28

**Again, this is set in a universe where the Powerpuff Girlz are young adults. 18. I don't own these characters, or the background stuff that was in the show as well, but I hope you enjoy!**

In the city of Townsville! Our three heroes: Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup flew across everyone below, doing patrol around then city after having just defeated MoJoJoJo. One can obviously understand that having superpowered metabolisms and flying at incredibly fast speeds would make the juice inside of them shoot right into their bladders like crazy.

“Alright girls!” Blossom said. She was the leader of the group. “We can head back home after this.”

“About time!” Buttercup said in an annoyed tone. She was always the angry one in the group. “I have to peeeeee...” she moaned, holding herself as she flew, her hips going back and forth due to desperation.

“Well, well, we’ll,” a man’s voice said. It was from a distance and sort of high pitched. Oh, dear God! It’s HIM! Watching our precious powderpuffs fly back home. Him was a man of dark magic, and came up with a spell just for a case like this. He lifted his claw hand and chanted. “Well girls, I hope one of your superpowers is bladder of steel.” Him laughed like the madman he was.

The Powderpuffs got home. Professor was still out of town for the day. They got home, flying through their bedroom windows, and Buttercup ran right for the bathroom. “Gotta go, gotta go, gotta go!” she complained as she ran and held her crotch with her super strength. Though that was hardly proving useful. But once she got to the bathroom, all hell hit her at once. “What the?!?!” She said freaked out. The room where the bathroom was being just a coat closet. She was sure this is the right door, she’s lived here all her life and it has always been the second door in the hall down on the right. “Wh-wh,” Buttercup moaned as she bounced around in desperation and confusion. “WHERE’S THE BATHROOM?!?!”

Blossom and Bubbles flew to their sister’s destination in the hall. “What happened?”

Buttercup was sweating and bouncing. “The bathroom! It was here. It was always here. Wh…Where is it?”

Blossom and Bubbles looked at the closet in confusion. Their sister was right, this was supposed to be the bathroom. “Hey look over there!” Blossom said. She pointed to the room across the hall. It was the bathroom.

Bubbles said, “Oh thank God! I have to peeeee!” As Bubbles flew into the bathroom, Buttercup’s jaw dropped as she had to go first. She went as fast as she could and pushed Bubbles out of the way, but the bathroom door closed. They opened it, and all their eyes went wide from the shock of seeing the bathroom now the kitchen. “What’s going on here?”

“Ha ha ha ah he he he HO!” Him laughed from down the hall. The red, devilish-looking villain stood tall and mighty. “Well, hello girls.”

They all shouted in fear, “HIM!”

“What are YOU doing here?” Blossom said alone as her sisters squirmed for their bladders in the background.

Him started to speak in his lower, yet crisp voice. One that made glass shatter from the coldness it produced. Him said, “Why I just wanted to play a little game with you girls. Imagine, a world where every time you find a bathroom, POOF it vanishes. Turns into the last thing you need.”

“What have you done?” Buttercup said in an annoyed voice. Her grunts clearly showed just how desperate she was.

“Just a little spell I learned from some books in my certain…well…collection. Oh, how I wondered as I read through every torture spell. Then, I found one that made me think, hmm, how much would the people of the city they protect respect them, if these three heroes wet their pants in front of everyone HEHEHEHEHEHEHE!”

Buttercup struggled to speak with her legs crossing and uncrossing. “You…you…ah…you-.”

Bubbles yelled, “YOU MONSTER!” She then stormed at full super speed at Him. But, just like black magic, Him vanished in black smoke that went away in the thin air. “What the?”

Him’s voice came from around the house. “Even when you think I’m not watching, I AM!” Those last words were in a snarl of a sound. One mixed of anger and vengeance. “I’m also recording. Even when you think I’m not. So, if you for one second think you’re hidden, YOU’RE WRONG. If you think you’re safe from humiliation, ALSO WRONG! You’re legacy ends in humiliation today girls. Because if there’s one thing that doesn’t have super strength in you, it’s your tiny, weak bladders.” Him went out with a laugh so cold chills went down all the girl’s spines. Though, that may have also been from the intense desperation they were in.

“We have to do something!” Bubbles said as she bounced up and down with her legs crossed. She held herself down there as her lower half became weaker and weaker. Her legs trembled from the weight of heavy pee growing inside of her.

Buttercup was going through the same struggle.

And…”Oh!” Blossom said. She grabbed herself and crouched over. “Now I gotta pee too.”

“Time to find the bathroom,” Buttercup demanded. She let go of herself and sucked her gut in to hold in all in long enough to head out. Buttercup flew around the house. She opened the downstairs closet. It was a bathroom. “Yes!” But the second she stepped in a gust of wind so powerful blew her out, and the closet door shut. Tears were in her eyes as she said in a strained voice, “No!” She opened the door, and it was just a closet again. She looked to the kitchen. It was a bathroom. She flew to it, and POOF, it turned back into a kitchen the second she stepped foot in there. “NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!” Suddenly, Buttercup felt herself spurt a drop or two. “Oh…no….” She was very concerned as Him was right. Super strength did NOT mean super strong bladder.

Blossom and Bubbles flew downstairs. They helped their sister off of her knees. All three girls trembled at the knees. They had come so far in life. Although still small with years of life ahead of them, legally these were adults. Their super powers made them seem as young as they have been since the Professor mixed sugar, spice, and everything nice that day. Only to have his then monkey assistant MoJoJoJo knock over his last, old stash of CHEMICAL X. Still, even as adults, just by the looks of things all three girls were about to go in tears as they felt they did not have much time left.

“Hehehe girls,” Him said from somewhere. He was not seen, but his cold, devilish voice was heard. “You are all full of boiling pee. Your bladders are going to shatter. Maybe it’s time to accept defeat.”

“NEVER!” All three Powerpuff Girls screamed. The kind of scream one does when trying to overcome a huge struggle, or about to win. The question was: would the girls win against the evil Him this time? Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup, and each of their boiling, filled to the top bladders about to burst sprinted off the ground so hard thunder was heard, and they flew through the ceiling and into the city.

Him suspected they may have tried something like this. Flying off into the city looking for a bathroom. So, he made sure to cast other dark spells that made their mission today a little harder.

Bubbles noticed a waterfall streaming out of a building. She sights of water flowing hurt so bad in her bladder and lower belly that she did not even question why a waterfall was in the middle of a city in the first place. “EEEEE,” Bubbles moaned. Her moaning caught the attention of her sisters, who also at that moment saw what she did. The waterfall. Just the same their knees shifted over each other as their hips went back and forth holding in their pent-up pee. Their desperation was EXTREME EMERGENCY at this point.

They stormed down into the street. Another of Him’s spells was cast. A fire hydrant exploded just as a dog peed on it. The dog was fine. He did not have pants to wet. But our heroes…well this was just more torture for them. They held themselves as they bounced foot to foot and in circles.

“You’re running out of times girls!” Him said. His evil laughter was so loud other citizens looked all over in shock, but the noticed their heroes on the ground doing the potty dance. They started to hear giggles from the citizens they protected all these years.

Blossom, the leader, shouted, “Girls, scatter!” All three of them flew off in different directions.

Bubble’s lips were curved as she sweat and was so uncomfortable from the expansion inside. She felt herself start to leak. She was wetting her pants. “No, no, NOOOOOOOOOOO!” Too late. She had just enough time to fly to the top of a building and land on the roof, only to let out a huge stream of super pee. Poor Bubbles cried, as how could a hero of her status not be able to hold it in like a big girl. Her sisters form triplet telepathy knew what happened to Bubbles. It only made them not only sad for her, but scared for themselves as the feeling of one of their sisters wetting made the other two of them grow in desperation. Sweat all around their faces, and it was not even that hot of a day.

Him then appeared in front of a water town that Blossom was headed for. He kicked in, and his steel, fancy black boots caused such a shock that the water town exploded, water shooting out everywhere. Blossom stopped in her tracks, but the water hit her, and the shock of cold water on her skin caused her bladder to explode. “NOOOOOOOO!” She yelled. Just as Bubbles had when she wet. Blossoms stayed in the air as she peed herself, and it fell to the ground below. Him did not know that he reappeared right below her. The pee hit him on the head and steam rose form it.

Him let out a roar of pain. The pee burned into his skin and even hit his skull. “What’s going on?” He asked himself.

Buttercup noticed this. As her legs crossed tight and knees up to her belly as she stayed floating in the air, she plotted how she could use Him’s weakness to her advantage.

“Blossom!” Buttercup yelled. Blossom, still crying, heard her sister. “Use your ice breath, now!”

Blossom was shocked to see Buttercup shoot her butt in the air, and she let out a roar of pee as she pulled thems down. As disgusting as it seemed, Blossom used her unique power of ice breath and it hit the pee in the air. Out from the clash of these two elements came a huge, yellow ice ball of pee.

“Bubbles!” Buttercup yelled. Bubbles wiped tears from her eyes and looked at her sister. “Bubbles, keep Him on the ground down there. Circle the perimeter and get any civilians out.”

Bubbles sniffed up her snot and tears, and flew down to the ground, circling around to push innocent people out of the way but Him could not find a way out. They remembered that their flight was so fast that it could build a super forcefield that keeps anything in, and everything out. In other words, no dark magic or powers would keep Him from escaping.

“No!” Him said in despair. “This can’t be. You cannot turn this on me!”

Now trapped, Buttercup used her heat vision on the giant iceburg of pee, and it melted and boiled and rained in millions of drops on Him. Him let out a scream of agony as the rain of pee left nowhere for him to escape. He burned and burned until there was nothing left.

The girls, out heroes, all reached to the ground and high-fived each other. The citizens of Townsville all got around them and cheered. As bad as it stunk, they all applauded their heroes for defeating Him, once and for all.

And once again the day was saved, thanks to…

THE POWERPUFF GIRLS!

Out from the dark lakes of Townsville where no one lived, a claw came out of the water, weak and shrunken. A familiar red claw. A voice was heard from the water, “This…isn’t…over.”

THE END…?

*002*2018-01-22 14:00

Thank you. This was a story trade. The person I did this one with gave me a VERY nice story in their end of the deal. So always return what is given.

