Thrice Wet Thursday

Author: Redboi

*000*2021-06-24 16:33

Hello all once again and happy Thursday. We are halfway through the week now and as we approach the weekend Elena is starting to learn some new things about her friend Susie. Her carefree nature was previously undiscovered and suspicion has arisen from Elena as she progresses through this week. Before we start though, a recap of the previous three days.

Monday: Elena experiences her first bedwetting since she was a teenager. After hours of being in a conference room with no restroom, Elena and her friend Susie end up wetting themselves during the meeting. They then get fired minutes after.

Tuesday: Elena experiences a second bedwetting in two days. Upon waking up she gets a text from Susie to meet in the park. When the two hike a trail they get lost and Susie tickles Elena until she wets herself. In the end Elena wasn’t sure if they got lost at all.

Wednesday: Elena has another bedwetting for the third straight night. Susie asks her to go with her to a company called The Model. Once entering, the two are offered a drink and Elena is given the proposition to take an occupation there. She’s given the opportunity to wait out the week to see, but for the meantime she has a full supply of this weird purplish liquid. When venturing back Elena asks Susie to stop the car so that she can go to the bathroom, but instead Susie gives her a plastic covering to wet on the seat instead. Susie says that “it always kept her prepared”.

Thursday:

“A reading, from the book of John.”

”Glory to you oh lord.”

Elena was sat in a pew. In front of her were some priests and the bishop. Apparently she was at a very important church service. Her parents were with her too. Elena was dressed in a beautiful black skirt with purple leggings and she felt her hair tied back in a pony tail.

The bishop went up to the altar, “welcome to confirmation my young children, before we start I would like to say a few words.” Elena felt a big bulge in her bladder. This wasn’t a good time to leave the church. She would have to just wait.

Hours passed, still nothing. The pain in Elena’s bladder was worse then anything ever previously imagined. Then, the priest made his way towards the pews. Confirmation had begun.

As children went up to get confirmed, Elena felt a hand on her shoulder. It was Susie. “It’s time to go.” She gestures towards the priest. Elena shivered, this was her own confirmation.

As the line grew thinner, so did Elena’s bladder. She knew any moment she would be in a puddle of her own pee, but not now, not in front of the bishop.

They made their way up to the priest. He was a tall man, and had to reach down to plant oil on Elena’s forehead. They began the sacred line, “Elena, be sealed with the gift of the Holy Spirit.”

Elena knew the next line, “Amen.”

The bishop emphasized his next line, “Peace be with you.”

Elena didn’t know the next line, but it didn’t matter. Her bladder had given in, “I, I, can’t hold it!”

Elena crouched down and a familiar gushing sound came from under her skirt. A loud gasp erupted from the audience. Elena looked up at the bishop, he looked furious. He looked back at his priests and pointed at her puddle. Elena decided to look too, it was just a normal puddle after al-. The puddle was not of pee but of blood.

The bishop looked at her face once again. “You foul devil, tarnishing the holy reputation of this church with your vile blood. Seize her!” Elena felt two men grab her and lead her away whilst trying to wiggle free. It was too late, she was done for.

…

Elena opened her eyes, she was in her room. It was all another bad nightmare. This probably means she probably had wet the bed again. The fresh feeling of warm wet sheets confirmed her suspicion. Elena really didn’t mind the wet sheets anymore, it was just the new norm for her at this point.

She rolled out of bed and felt her pajamas. The whole back of them was soaked, but the front hadn’t experienced that much damage. Elena while standing up felt the strong urge to pee again, so this time instead of running to her toilet, she ran to her shower and peed there. She wasn’t willing to admit it to anyone, but the feeling of peeing herself was actually pretty enjoyable.

Her phone buzzed again.

Susie: Hey cutie, ya wanna go clothes shopping xx?

Elena: I do need some new clothes.

Susie: Ok, I’ll see you there xx.

Susie was such a personality. Elena loved talking with her so much. Susie was the closest she could ever think to a best friend. What if they could be more though?

…

”So, what do you think really makes my ass pop out?”

”Susie! You can’t say that in the store.”

Susie looked over at her, “sorry,” she chuckled. She gestured over to a nice formal uniform. “That looks like it would fit you perfectly. Why don’t you go and try it on?”

Elena nodded and headed towards the fitting room. While entering she felt her bladder cry out to her for some relief, but she decided it probably wouldn’t take long to fit herself in this and then get out.

She was wrong.

…

Elena swayed around in the uniform. It felt nice, but it put a lot of strain on her crotch. She didn’t like that at that moment.

Susie seemed very attached to the uniform, “you look so hot. We are getting that for sure.”

“Alright, I’m going to get out of this and we can go.” Elena fondled around with the belt, it wouldn’t come off. She sighed, “you’ve gotta be kidding me.”

Susie overheard from the other side of the wall and opened the door, “what is it?”

”I can’t unfasten this belt and I really have to pee.”

Susie looked at her with concerned eyes, “you really just don’t have the best luck with your bladder, do you.” Susie would know, as no one had seen Elena wet herself more times than Susie. Now that Elena had put more thought into her memories, she never really could recall a time when Susie wasn’t there when she wet herself.

She looked at Susie, “could you help me get this off?”

Susie tried everything she could with pulling it and pushing it, but it would not budge one bit. It looked like all hope was lost. “Can you make it any longer?”

Elena knew what the correct answer probably was, so she shook her head no.

Susie blushed a bit, “then you might as well do it here I guess.”

Elena nodded, “ok, I’m going to let go now.”

The pee took a while to get going this time since it was a tight suit but once it started flowing there was no stopping it. Once again Elena expected to be welled up in tears, but the tears never came. Excitement and thrill replaced it, and a rush of adrenaline fell down her spine. Why do I always pee myself in front of Susie? She doesn’t seem to care at all, but is this an omen or is this fate?

The two continued to stand in place a few seconds after Elena had finished, but then Susie went up to her and kissed her on the cheek. “It’s ok,” she whispered, “I’ll go get someone to clean this up.” Once slipping through the door Elena found herself alone in a puddle once again. She pulled at her belt once more, it found it’s way off her waist. What a hell of a Thursday.

