Another story based off of real life experience of mine, this one involving myself.

Author: RagingPython

*000*2019-03-08 20:33

So this is one of the times where I’ve deliberately attempted to hold it, and one of the few times where I’ve done it at school. This happened around a similar time as my other story, and while I remember this one fairly well I don’t remember all the details and I’m choosing to adapt this into a fanfiction for the extra creative freedom it offers. I also expect it’ll get read by more people if I put it in this forum, but that’s not the main reason. Anyway, I’m mainly posting this now instead of working on my other stories because I randomly remembered this earlier today when writing Ending 2 of my first fanfiction and don’t want to forget it again, and starting this will serve as a reminder.

Intro:

*BEEP* *BEEP* *BEEP*

*BEEP* *BEEP* *BEEP*

*BEEP* *BEEP* *BEEP*

The loud annoying sound of an alarm forced me to wake up. I jumped out of bed and ran over to my desk, pressing the button on one of my two 1970’s radio alarm clocks, and checked the time on my iPad.

”6:04. Typical. I guess it’s losing accuracy with age.” I said aloud, and a minute later my other 1970’s radio alarm clock burst into life, playing whatever station I’d tuned it into last night. I awknoledged that this alarm was even more innacurate, having gone off a whole 5 minutes late. I opened my wardrobe, took out my unform and placed it on my chair. I put on a pair of pajamas that I quite liked at the time, and headed downstairs, carrying my iPad and an empty mug of tea I forgot to take down the night before.

”I wish I’d managed to get that Teasmade off of my Nan before she chucked it.” I thought to myself, carrying the mug that I knew I’d have to manually make tea in. (To those who don’t know, the Teasmade was a device that would make you a cup of tea in the morning, that was once very common in Britain. I’ve been meaning to acquire one for quite a while, [since I was 5] but I don’t have one yet.)

I walked into the kitchen, and started preparing my breakfast. I also boiled the kettle and started my tea. About 8 minutes later, the tea was ready, and I drank that, started another one and returned to the breakfast. It’s worth mentioning at this point that this story comes from around 6 years ago, when I was 12 and was in Year 9 of my secondary school. I’ve gone into detail about this in my other irl-based story, but Year 9 was an important year of my school life as I turned around things massively after discovering my autism 2 years prior, and finally sorted things out properly and accepted it as part of me. It’s also worth mentioning that nothing really sexual or anything happens in this story, so no laws will be broken.

Anyway, about half an hour later my breakfast was ready, I took it and ate it in the dining room with my cup of tea. I drank this mug shortly after finishing my breakfast, and unusually began a third mug. Normally, I wouldn’t have drunk that mug I made earlier until my breakfast was ready, but I felt quite tired that morning and I needed it to wake me up. So, as a result I’d had to make 3 mugs this morning. I wasn’t too bothered by this, although my bladder didn’t really like it. Interestingly, as I’ve elaborated on in my other irl-based story, my morning routine didn’t include a bathroom break until after I set off for school, so I hadn’t been since last night.

Strangely enough, even though now when I think of this routine I image how it would to hold it deliberately, but I’m pretty certain back then I only (or at least, I only consciously) did it because I wanted to go before school so I wouldn’t need to go during lessons as I explained in my other post. Now, I expect I subconsciously was enjoying it but didn’t remember this as I thought it was weird.

After finishing my third mug, I took it upstairs and placed it in my desk, got undressed, and had a shower. I really had to go in the shower, but on today especially I held it in and focused on washing. I had a plan today. Normally, at school I’d use the bathrooms once or sometimes twice. However, back in primary school I used to hold it all day. I knew the reason for this was because I drank a whole lot more now than back then, but nonetheless I thought it would be an interesting challenge to see how long I could go before I had to pee. Again, I expect that a big part of this was my fetish but at least consciously back then I was just considering it an idea to see how I could do. Of course, I expect subconsciously my fetish was influencing things.

After my shower, I brushed my teeth, and then did my hair. I have some lovely long golden brown hair, and I must say it looks very good. It was much shorter back then, but it still felt amazing to brush through it immediately after washing it. I put my panties back on, and I then headed back to my room, checking the time on my iPad.

”7:20. I have about half an hour before school.” I thought to myself, and wondered what to do. I considered playing on my Super Nintendo, but the SCART wasn’t plugged in and I didn’t want to have to plug it in as it was a difficult task due to the constraints of my setup. I also considered playing on my Mega Drive, it was plugged in, but the only game I could access without moving a bunch of stuff was my copy of Sonic the Hedgehog, but it lacked a save feature and I knew I’d need more than half an hour to beat. My PlayStation wasn’t plugged in either so I ignored that. After some thought, I just grabbed a VHS off the shelf, placed it into the VCR and turned on my television; watching that instead.

Now, you are probably wondering what on earth I’m writing: “VHSs, a Super Nintendo, a Mega Drive, and a Playstation, but at the same time you have an iPad? What year are you setting this in?” Well, actually I’m still setting this in 2012, 6 years ago. It just so happens that I have a collection of obsolete technology. Some people have described me as an eccentric collector for this, others consider me some kind of “Old-Technology Otaku”, but really I just have an appreciation for older technology and love trying to find out how it works and just generally enjoy it.

My collection includes a number of old things, an old but high-quality Sony VCR, 2 Vinyl Record players, one of which works, a Super Nintendo, a SEGA Mega Drive, a Playstation 1 & 2, a ZX Spectrum, a massive amount of old VHSs ranging from late-70’s to mid-2000’s, a few cassettes and other tape formats like MiniDV, and the pride of my collection: an old CRT television. I use it for playing my old consoles and watching tapes, but I plan to upgrade it soon as it’s just an old shadow mask TV-VCR from 2000, and it’s getting very old. As such, unlike basically everyone else on the planet pulling a VHS off of a shelf and playing it is still a perfectly normal thing to do.

End of Intro

Chapter 1:

As the tape played I drank my third mug of tea and I started really wishing I hadn’t had that first mug of tea upon going downstairs. I was feeling quite uncomfortable by now but I didn’t want to go because I knew if I went now I wouldn’t be able to go before I left. I tried to take my mind off of things by focusing on the tape: an old recording of an old anime, I think it was actually Kanon (2006) rather amusingly, as I’ve been writing an omofic about that exact anime. I don’t remember exactly how I got a hold of this recording, as I don’t think it actually was from 2006. Instead, I think it was a test recording I’d done and kept because it worked perfectly.

You might be wondering what on earth I was doing even back then watching a VHS when 1080p .mp4 files exist, and you’d be right that they are superior, but there’s just something magical about that feeling you get upon inserting the tape, plus the warm feeling you get from the rich colours of the CRT that glow from the phosphorescence and the slight flicker as the electrons are fired into the phosphors through the shadow mask create a lovely nostalgic experience. You’d be surprised how brilliant a tape can look when played through high-quality equipment.

Enough of my old technology, as the minutes ticked down until when I would leave for school and I could finally use the bathroom my need felt worse and worse. I started to fan my legs, putting my hand between them occasionally. I tried to distract myself, which helped a little. By 7:30, 20 more minutes until I could go, I was dancing in my seat, and within 5 more minutes my legs were crossed.

”Ugh... why did I drink so much...? I shouldn’t have had all that tea, and I’ve been holding onto all that juice since last night...” I said, putting a hand between my legs. I managed to endure it until 7:45, which left me with a mere 5 more minutes until I was going to get and finally relieve myself. I could feel my 3 comically-oversized mugs of tea pressing against me, making my bladder feel like an overfull balloon, and when I got up to rewind my tape and put it away I could feel it all sloshing inside me. Despite my growing desperation, even back then part of me wanted to cross my legs even tighter, and try to see how long I could possibly hold it in for, and nowadays I probably would, but back then, just before I had school I drowned out this part of me with thoughts of how much I wanted to go when it was time to leave. Getting up had helped, but I still felt desperate.

”I have to keep holding... just for another few minutes... come on... come on...! I feel like I’m going to explode...”

Luckily, just as I was about to spurt a bit my clock ticked over to 7:45 and I stopped squirming in front of my VHS shelf and ran out of my room towards the bathroom. In the doorway, feeling my bladder bulging painfully and the liquid within sloshing like water in an overfull bucket; about to overflow. I made it in, and stood by the door briefly. My mind was conflicted, do I hold on a bit longer and see how much more I can take, or do I sit down and finally empty it out? In the end I removed my panties and sat down, after a sudden urge caused me to nearly lose control of my bladder, and I felt it all come pouring out.

I then pulled back up my panties and walked back into my bedroom, and got dressed into my uniform. Feeling amazing after such relief, I grabbed my bag and set off for school, looking forward to seeing the results of my plan.

End of Chapter 1:

So I know a lot of that was just explanation about myself, but this is only the first chapter. The real story doesn’t get started until number 2, when I begin my challenge of holding it until I can get home. Hopefully you guys enjoyed that look into myself, and I hope you enjoy the rest of this when I post it, which will probably be after at least one of my other stories are completed.

*002*2019-03-08 22:34

{{23 minutes ago, Sake said:

Please don't do this. It's incredibly jarring to be ripped out of a story because you felt the need to tell us where a chapter begins and ends.

If you absolutely must clearly divide parts of the story, use lines of some sort. Word automatically converts "---" into a very useful dividing line, for instance. If you absolutely must have author's notes, like you've done here, then you would want to find some way to clearly mark where the story starts and ends. But you absolutely don't have to nor do you want to do it in the middle of the story.

}}

Thank you for the advice. I personally quite like this, as basically every book I’ve ever read beyond the Year 3 of Primary School level has done this, but I will consider it.

*005*2019-03-11 21:57

Chapter 2:

To reiterate, my plan for today was to go in like normal, but skip my usual bathroom breaks. I also decided to not drink any tea during the day, and maybe even less of my usual bottle of water. I wasn’t sure how long I could go on for, but I was hoping I’d manage about 6 and a half hours as that would give me time to make it home.

I arrived at school shortly after, and walked into my classroom. At my school, we’d spend about 30 minutes just sat in a room with a teacher that we always had for this at the beginning of the day, and I still don’t really understand why. We always called it tutor, but I don’t know if that’s what it’s actually called in other schools, if it even exists. I sat through this 30 minutes of idleness the way I usually do, reading about obsolete technology on one of the many computers. I learnt some nice facts about Video8 tape, but it was mostly uneventful and I headed down to my first lesson with the rest of the class. I had Computer Science, and we were just doing the difference between hardware and software and other basic facts for the 247th time, yes, I keep count, so I was mostly idle for the hour. Despite me drinking from my water bottle periodically, I didn’t have to go until lesson 2 began.

During lesson 2, English, I started feeling the need. After about halfway through, I’d drunk about half of my 500ml bottle, and I’d drunk close to 2 thirds by the end. It was fairly easy to hold it, although the girl next to me was desperate already which didn’t help much as I struggled to focus on anything other than how satisfyingly her legs danced around and the uncomfortable sounds she emitted on occasion.

After lesson 2 we had a break, where we got 20 minutes to chill out. Normally I’d use the bathroom here, but I was going to skip that today. As I walked past the bathrooms on the way to the canteen, I felt a slight twinge in my bladder, but I ignored it. I walked into the canteen and ordered the same thing I order every day, a baguette. I ate my baguette and then walked over to the water machine, where I filled up my bottle of water, feeling the pressure on my bladder increase slightly as I listened to the trickle of the water stream. However, I still had 10 minutes to go so I tracked down some of my friends. Taylor, who I later found out fancied me, Summer, and Dantina. We walked around the courtyard, chatting about stuff, but after a few minutes Summer stopped moving and fidgeted on the spot, and requested that we visit the bathroom because she really had to go.

I don’t really understand why most girls seem so obsessed with visiting the bathroom with others, and I’m one of the few who don’t bother, but today I decided to accompany my friends who had already agreed to go with Summer. I expect the reason for this was a combination of my fetish and the fact that we were with Dantina, who I had a bit of a crush on at this point. She would normally wait with me rather than going with another girl, but she had to go today which was probably another reason why I went; I wanted to see her desperate.

We entered the bathroom, and there was no real queue, but there were a lot of people so my friends decided to just use one cubicle one after the other, which left me standing in a crowded bathroom having to pee, while all 3 of my friends relieved themselves right nearby. As you can image, the sound turned me on quite a bit but also didn’t help make my urge any more manageable. After all 3 of my friends had emptied their bladders and I’d held mine in, we left the bathroom and talked for another couple of minutes before the bell went for lesson 3.

Me and Dantina had the same lesson, and walked towards it together. It was Science, and I sat next to Dantina. Unfortunately, I realised that because I’d stood in the bathroom next to her with plenty of opportunities to go, Dantina would probably think it was weird if I revealed that I had to go during lesson 3, and I decided that I was going to have to hide it as well as possible at least until period 4 where we sat further apart. Luckily for me, this wasn’t that complicated; sitting next to my crush distracted me considerably as my pounding heart took precedence over my bladder. The work was immersive too, and I was so engrossed in it that I barely noticed the pressure on my bladder growing...

End of Chapter 2:

As was suggested by @Sake, I’ve tried not to interrupt the text. Hopefully you guys enjoy this one, it was pretty fun to write even though not too much omo stuff happened.

*007*2019-03-13 22:49

Sorry for not updating yesterday, I got distracted dismantling, repairing and rebuilding 2 of my 1970’s Alarm Clock Radios. I nearly forgot today as well as I dismantled my CRT television so I could try and correct the overscan, but luckily I finished that before now so I can do some writing today.

Chapter 3:

It was right as I left lesson 3 with my crush, Dantina, when I realised how bad things had gotten; I could still hold it but it was much less comfortable, and I had to fidget my legs around to handle the urge. It was harder to focus on the work when I eventually arrived in lesson 4, which was History. I normally love History, but I couldn’t take my mind off of my bladder very easily. I wanted to give in and just ask the teacher if I could go, the one I had was really good and would probably say yes, not that a ‘no’ would prevent me from leaving, but I stayed strong, knowing I could take it until at least lunch time was over.

By the end of lesson 4, I was fidgeting much harder and considered crossing my legs. I hurriedly left at the end, forgetting that no matter how fast I was I still wouldn’t be using the bathroom. I had to fill up my bottle of water again at lunch, and the sound of the water machine pouring liquid into my bottle made my bladder to ache and strain as the sound forced my mind to imagine flowing waterways and rivers.

I had hoped that I could just slip out of the canteen once I’d refilled my bottle and find somewhere nice and quiet to read a book while listening to my vintage 1980’s Portable Transistor Radio, hopefully giving me some time to relax and try to forget about the growing pressure within me, but I ran into Dantina as I tried to leave.

”Hi!” she said to me.

”H-hi!” I replied back, my voice slightly unsteady as the surprise of encountering my crush seemed to shake my bladder.

”Do you have any plans for lunch today?”

”N-no! N-nothing... I just wanted to r-read a book somewhere s-secluded.” I said, feeling my bladder settle and my heart start to race.

”Sounds like a nice idea. Do you mind if I join you?”

The idea of spending lunch with my crush was nearly too much for my bladder, and I felt it bulge as the exiting prospect distracted me.

”O-okay! If it’s just us, then I-I guess...”

”Good!” said Dantina, and she followed me. She looked kind of uncomfortable as we walked past the toilets, and she slowed down a little and looked towards them, but she then sped up again and followed me the rest of the way too a nice place I’d found in the corner of the courtyard area, far away from the places where people group up and loiter. I sat down on a bench, and Dantina followed me a moment later. I got out my radio and tuned it to Radio 2. Dantina was surprised to see such an old radio being used, and I shocked her even more when I revealed about my collection of 1970’s Radio Alarm Clocks. We then both got books out and read them together. I was reading Enid Blyton’s incredible book; The Secret Island, a childhood favourite of mine and Dantina was reading some romance novel I’ve forgotten the title of.

I almost forgot about the amount of liquid weighing down my bladder during this, as my mind was mostly focused on Dantina and the book I was reading. But, despite this I could feel the urge getting stronger and I was fidgeting throughout the 40-minute break. Interestingly though, I noticed Dantina started to fidget as well shortly after we sat down, and she moved later to sit in a position where her legs were bent around each other into a cross shape. Normally, I’d have completely missed this and if I did notice I would’ve pretended I hadn’t, but I’d recently discovered my fetish and was starting to understand it a bit more, and my own bulging bladder had me considerably more turned on than usual, so I noticed it and decided to ask her about it.

”Are y-you alright? D-do you need the b-bathroom?” I said, my voice shaking as a result of my situation and also my embarrassment over asking my crush such a question.

”Y-yes...” Dantina said meekly.

”I-I really wanted to g-go when I saw y-you... but I ignored the urge and h-held it in.” she continued.

”U-umm... do you w-want me to go with y-you?” I said, getting more and more into it by the second.

”Y-yeah... and the s-sooner the b-better... I don’t think I can h-hold it until I-I get home...”

”W-what filled you u-up so fast? I-It’s only been 2 and a quarter hours s-since you last w-went.”

”A-ahh... I had a c-cup of tea from the canteen b-before you met up with me.”

”Oh, th-that makes sense. D-do you th-think you c-can last u-until the last few m-minutes of l-lunch?” I said, focusing my willpower on a disconcerting lurch I felt within my bladder, reminding me that with this much liquid within me I might not make it that long myself.

”I-if I f-focus...”

”Alright then, th-that’s when we’ll g-go.”

The next 30 minutes passed slowly. The sloshing waters between my legs made it hard to focus, but Dantina’s desperation took my mind off of it despite this and I enjoyed the time anyway. After the time was up, I shut off my radio and squirmed my way onto my feet. I didn’t want Dantina to know about my situation, but she luckily didn’t notice my unusual movements as she was so focused on her own bladder and could barely stop herself dancing. I made note of the weakness of her bladder and we walked slowly down to the bathrooms.

End of Chapter 3:

That was a fun one to write! Not just one desperate girl, but two. It’s also interesting how I remember bits of this, like that, perfectly. Other bits I struggle more with. Anyway, read on next time to see what happens with Dantina and then later me.

I hope you enjoyed!

*009*2019-03-14 17:48

{{17 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was fantastic

}}

Thanks!

*011*2019-03-14 23:20

{{3 hours ago, Pee-Pants1995 said:

Awesome loving the recount of the event...

}}

Thanks!

*012*2019-03-25 22:50

I am so, so sorry for disappearing off the face of the forum! Really! I’ve just had so much to do, with my exams, my project to built a mechanical televisor, and the fact that I’ve now got massively addicted to Star Control 2 again. I tried to work on this a bit the other day, only to find that now I’m experiencing the horrible anxious self-consciousness I felt when I posted my first story all over again. Hopefully that’ll go away when I get back into the habit of writing these. Anyway; onwards with the story:

Chapter 4:

Me and Dantina walked awkwardly over to the toilets, and lined up to use them. The line was over within a few minutes, luckily for Dantina who was squirming around quite severely and making a number of noises which was incredibly hot to me. Of course, I desperately wanted to use the bathroom too, but I didn’t want to give in now! I’d managed five hours, and I was bulging and seriously needed to go, but if I could make it another hour I could go home and complete my challenge...

I realised while me and Dantina were still queueing that I couldn’t just tell Dantina I didn’t need to go, as I didn’t go during break and we had been together since then, so I couldn’t just say I’d been when she was in a different class. I wondered for a minute about how on Earth I could find an excuse to not go, but then two cubicles opened up and Dantina went into one. I walked into the other cubicle, and had a brilliant idea; it was quite noisy in the bathroom from all the other chattering girls, so Dantina wouldn’t be able to hear me not peeing, so I could just hold it and pretend to go, Dantina wouldn’t notice I was keeping it all stoppered up because she couldn’t hear me. While Dantina relieved herself I stood by the door, crossing my legs tightly and dancing around, knowing I’d have to act like I didn’t have to go until I could sit down in lesson 5 and I could hide it better.

After a little bit, Dantina left her cubicle and told me she was done. I heard the bell ringing through the door and told her to go to her next lesson, as I’d be a bit longer. I just barely heard her leaving the room, with my above average hearing, and stood around in the cubicle until I heard most people leave. Then, I set off, walking slowly to my lesson so as not to press too hard on my bladder. I made it into lesson 5, Geography, and sat down at my table. I breathed a sigh of relief, glad I had made it this far without exploding or giving away how desperate I was. With my legs under the desk, I could fight around much more without anyone noticing, and I took advantage of it.

”Come on... just another hour... o-ooh...” I thought to myself, wanting to hold myself tightly.

I was so full... the liquid was sloshing around within me, pressing harder than ever on my bursting bladder. Every movement made me feel like I was going to overflow, almost leaking. I tried desperately to focus on my work, and despite my extreme desperation I was still able to complete all of the set work far faster than the rest of the class. I don’t know why, but I’ve always been brilliant with Geography. Of course, I had some shit teachers in secondary school where I was scoring terrible grades because I couldn’t care less about the work as they taught so terribly, but this year I had a brilliant teacher and was working at what my school called a 9c.

I kept my legs crossed for almost all the lesson, alternating between pressing them tightly together and fanning them apart. My bladder felt like a flowing waterfall, nearing my limit...

”A-ah....” I thought, trying not to let out any moans or other sounds, and a little bit spurted out...

End of Chapter 4:

It’s good to be back, I missed writing this. Remembering these events really makes me want to try something like this again, so I might write that into a story someday. I’ve also remembered some really ancient stories from as far back as Primary School that I might rewrite and post too, notably one involving my first girlfriend.

*014*2019-03-25 23:23

{{11 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

This is excellent I am really loving this story

}}

Thank you! I’m loving writing it. I can’t believe I didn’t update this for like 2 weeks, I completely forgot how much fun it is.

*015*2019-03-28 01:17

Hi! Sorry for not posting yesterday, I was asleep basically from the moment I got home. Also sorry for not posting until 1:20AM, I brought a television earlier, a beautiful 21-inch KV-21X5U Trinitron CRT, and had to set it up, which required moving multiple chests of drawers, a wardrobe, and of course the TV and stand. That took basically all day and reorganising my gaming setup to incorporate a TV 7-inches larger then my previous TV took even longer. It was well worth it though; it’s mindblowing. The picture is so clear, so colourful, and could probably outshine the sun at max brightness. The geometry is near-perfect as well! I am amazed at how much better it is compared to an old shadow mask set.

Anyway, enough about my CRT obsession:

Chapter 5:

I danced around in my seat, feeling the vast quantity, almost certainly more than a litre and maybe even 2, sloshing around inside me. I was barely able to stop myself losing control completely and the spurt down to just a little. I’m amazed nowadays, thinking back, that no one noticed as I really wasn’t doing too good of a job hiding it.

”Just another 20 minutes... come on... I can keep holding... I have to...” I thought to myself, trying to reassure my doubtful mind that I could make it home.

A mere 10 minutes later, I was even closer to bursting. I’d resorted to Occasionally holding myself, and kept a hand under the desk at all times to make it seem less suspicious. Not that anyone really paid attention to me though, luckily I was sat at the back and most people would just ignore me. The liquid pressed hard against my bladder, which felt like it was stretched far beyond its normal limit.

The final 10 minutes dragged on forever, it felt like hours. My bladder; swollen and aching painfully was THIS close to defeat. The bell mercifully ran a few minutes early and I was able to leave.

But the nightmare wasn’t over yet. My school had this thing where you have to return to your morning tutor room before leaving school for another 10 minutes. I forgot about this, and my heart skipped a beat when I left Geography, only to sink faster than the Mary Rose when I realised I still had afternoon tutor.

”I’m at my limit... I’m not gonna make it...” I thought to myself, hiding the fact I had to hold myself with my bag.

I slowly walked up the stairs to my tutor room, and the temptation to just give in and go to the toilets was almost unbearable, but I’d made it this far, I couldn’t just give in!

I sat down at my usual spot in tutor, far from the front in a corner so few would pay attention to me, and I desperately tried to stop myself exploding, loosening my trousers and holding myself under the table. I could feel the fluid leaking occasionally, and I focused all of my attention on keeping it all sealed up.

End of Chapter 5:

Sorry if this is too short for you, I’m a bit strapped for time right now as it’s 1:20AM, but I’ll probably finish this tomorrow.

*017*2019-03-28 22:58

Chapter 6:

I waited out the last 10 minutes of the day, enduring the pressure with some success. It seemed to take even longer than in Geography, I kept glancing at the clock only to find a mere few minutes had passed. The relief I felt when the bell finally rang would’ve been amazing, if it were not for the amount of discomfort I was experiencing. I wanted to run towards the bathrooms at top speed and unleash it all, but I couldn’t run when I was this overfull anyway I didn’t want to give up now. I slowly walked out of the doors and over to my chained up bike, but I was unable to board it; the way the seat pressed against me was too much. I’d barely been able to sit down on a normal chair without losing control, but the thin shape of the saddle dig into me even more and made it unbearable to hold.

I unchained my bike anyway, and walked it out of the school grounds and began to walk home. Luckily, I lived nearby, but the short walk which I could normally handle fine seemed like a far longer journey to me then. My normal route back was next to a main road, but I took a different, less commonly used route with no cars, knowing that on the main road too many people could see me in my desperate state. This route change, despite the longer travel time was probably a good idea as I expect the loud sound of a car zooming past would shock me into bursting.

I slowly trudged along, feeling the liquid moving with every step. But I just barely held on, and by the time I was close to my house the pressure was almost agonising and a little spurted out every so often. My bladder felt like a balloon, filled to the brim with water and tied tightly closed.

...

I reached my door.

...

I found my keys.

...

I danced and shook around trying as hard as I could to put the key in straight.

...

I finally made it inside, feeling the pressure mount again harder than ever as I walked though the door.

...

I removed my shoes and put my bag away and started walking down the end of the corridor... ... and walked right past my bathroom and into my bedroom.

Now, holding both hands hard against my overflowing outlet, I lowered my trousers, which despite being loosened still felt tight around my swollen bladder. This helped a little, but I was still way over my limit. I quickly removed my other clothes, took off my damp panties and put my glasses in my bedside table, and lied down in bed. Even lying down, which removed some pressure, didn’t help much as there was simply more than I could normally hold compressed into the same space. Holding had become a little easier however, being at home made me much less worried and I was able to have some fun despite my exploding bladder.

“I finally made it back!” I thought, exited to be within a short distance of a bathroom I could use.

”O-oh... a-ah... so full... I’m at my limit...” I then thought, wanting to get up and relieve myself of the vast quantities of pent-up pee sloshing around inside me.

”I-I can k-keep h-holding...” I said out loud, trying to convince myself I could keep going. As bad as my need was, I was incredibly turned on and really wanted to see how much I could handle.

I put my hands on my bladder, it was oversized and hard, and hurt to touch.

”I’ve really pushed myself today... maybe even too far... I doubt I’ll do this again anytime soon...” I thought, as a powerful urge hit me.

”Nnngh! It feels so painful, yet so good at the same time...” I questioned, confused at why holding myself to such an extent was so exiting...

End of Chapter 6:

Chapter 7 will be the final chapter. I’m looking forward to writing the ending to this as weirdly enough I don’t remember much of how this ended, so I’m going to have full creative freedom for once. I hope you’ve enjoyed this so far!

*019*2019-03-28 23:06

{{1 minute ago, Melificentfan said:

I am really enjoying this

}}

Thanks! Me too! :)

*020*2019-04-09 17:00

Sorry again for disappearing, I know it’s been like 2 weeks. I don’t know why but I’ve been completely forgetting to update on here, and I’ve been spending all my spare time working on a project involving my new TV.

Chapter 7:

I continued to squirm around in bed for a while. Every minute was both amazing and agonising.

I was torn; part of me wanted desperately to get up and go to the bathroom at long last, but at the same time I wanted to push myself even further beyond my usual limits.

###

”I-I can’t t-take it m-m-much longer!” I shouted, and realised if I didn’t get up NOW I was going to explode, there and then. Trying to keep my legs crossed as tightly as I could, I sat up on my bed, wincing as the pressure increased from my new position.

”I-it’s coming... I-I can’t g-give in j-just yet... j-just a little longer...” I thought, not looking forward to standing up again and really regretting getting a futon for a bed.

Moaning, I slowly lifted myself up, trying to stop myself from letting loose with all my might. It was so close to being too much; little bursts spurted out as I moved.

After eventually making it onto my feet, I could not stay still. Legs double crossed, I shook and danced around quickly, both hands holding me tightly.

”Ooohhh... I-I’m up... but n-not in th-the b-bathroom... I-I m-might not m-make it th-that far...”

I squeezed myself tighter, and reassuring myself both mentally and verbally, uncrossed my legs just barely enough to take a step. My bladder ached and bulged; painfully full. Somehow, with great effort, I was able to suppress the flow, but not for much longer.

I repeated the process. A minute passed when I only made 3 steps. But then:

”N-no... s-so full... a-ah...”

”I-I can’t... I-I mustn’t...”

A lot spirited out. Even with all my willpower, it was impossible to stop. I felt the water flow over top of the dam; the floodgates opening. Before I knew it, there was a raging torrent. I collapsed to my knees, unable to stop myself anymore.

I started to cry, partially of relief, but moreso of embarsssment despite being completely on my own. I had no idea how I was supposed to deal with this: suddenly it looked as if my landing had flooded. I stopped the flow as soon as I was able, holding back probably about a quarter of the amount. I got up from the floor, feeling a huge wave of guilt pour over me because I had made a massive mess all because of this weird thing I enjoy for some reason.

Walking downstairs, I grabbed a whole bunch of cleaning supplies and returned to the landing, I cleaned about a third of it before I realised I still needed the bathroom; despite now badly I’d lost control, I’d simply stored so much that even after that it was still uncomfortable. I ignored this completely; not because of my fetish but because I didn’t feel like I deserved to just go that easily after all the mess I’d caused, and spent the next hour fully cleaning the landing.

When I was done, I (squirming and in discomfort) finally visited the bathroom and released it all, relieving my bladder at long last, finally ending my day long challenge.

End of Chapter 7:

The End! This one was fun to write, and I even managed to remember some of how it ended irl too. I expect next I’ll work on finishing my first fan fiction before maybe writing some more fully fictional ones, although these “based off a true story” ideas are nice for me as I don’t have to come up with characters and all that.

*022*2019-04-09 22:30

{{2 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a fantastic chapter

}}

Thank you!

