The Bursting Bladder in the Bar

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-05-08 22:24

Amy was a beautiful girl in her mid-twenties. Shiny skin, cheeks that were kind of blushed red, nice legs which that night were covered with dark nylons. She wore white sneakers, very short black short shorts, and a long dark sweater over herself. A lot of the guys that night thought Amy looked so cute. She was the kind of girl who loved talking to everyone. She worked at an old bar in town. It had been around thirty years before she was born. While the walls and electric were up to date the floors, stoves, etc. were wayyyyyy past due to fixing up.

"Hi, I'm Amy," she said. She stood at the front as the bouncer checked IDs. The bar was a landmark for her hometown and was across from the college she went to. "Please take a seat wherever you like. There's plenty of room at the bar." One of her legs kicked back a little and floated there. She noticed a slight pressure in her bladder. She had gone through a water bottle tonight already and was halfway done with a second bottle. Inside her poor, girlish bladder swelled up as more pee poured inside of it. The expanded bladder pushed against Amy's muscles and made her flinch.

"How's everything Amy?" her boss Greg asked. A good guy, but did not always take the best care of his foundation. He was very cheap. Explains his three divorces. "You alright?" He noticed Amy's leg.

"Oh yeah, I'm good, Greg," she said with a sweet smile.

"You sure? You look uncomfortable. I told you to use the bathroom earlier like everyone else." Amy and the other bar workers came in an hour early to quickly clean up and make sure all was good. There were two bathrooms (men and women) but each was a single person’s bathroom. One toilet each. Amy did not like public bathrooms very much. She made sure to go before she left home, but after two hours and almost two bottles of water....

"Greg I'm-," Amy bent quick and flinched. One of her eyes shut tight. There was a sting of pressure in her bladder. "I'll be fine. I only have another two hours anyways."

The bar was packed after another hour. There were two stories in that place, so a lot of room for people. Amy had gone out on the first floor to help people who needed refills or checkout. She flipped her wavy, dark hair sideways and got a couple guys excited. "Hey Amy," they said. "Hey boys," she replied. She was a good girl. But everyone loves to flirt. It was just fun. When she went up to bring glasses to the bar she saw the bar tender pouring a huge stream of beer into a huge mug for a table. The stream and foam that built up, the sound and look of it made Amy remember that she had her own liquids. Unlike an hour ago where the pressure came and went, it started to stay. Her lower belly felt warm, filled, which is why she hopped in place while she saw the beer pour.

She went back up to the door. Her spot was right next to the window, and it was raining outside that night. It rained very hard and just like the beer, the sound and sight or moving liquids only made the ones inside of her slush around more. She tossed her bottle away. It was almost empty anyhow. She looked at the clock. Only fifteen minutes until her replacement came, then she could go home to her own sweet toilet. "God bless," she said. She let out a moan of relief.

After fifteen minutes, she figured her replacement would come soon to greet people and bust tables. She left, but decided she HAD to hit the bathroom first. Her house was on the other side of town. A night like this during playoffs there might be traffic from DUI checks by police. Since she smelled like beer from having worked in the bar all night she did not want to take a chance. Her bladder ached very bad. Her face showed discomfort and she held her breath for a minute to take control back. Her legs crossed as she headed to the bathrooms. She reached and tried to open the door to the lady’s room, but it was locked. "Occupied," the person inside said. Amy stepped back, disappointed, and leaned against the wall. Her legs trembled back and forth. She could feel she was losing control. Her whole stomach felt full of pee, and the throbs were as bad as pregnancy contractions. Amy was desperate.

"AMY!" Greg screamed from across the bar. She blushed as people looked at her. She hated others knowing she had to use the restroom. She ran over to Greg and saw the occupant leave the bathroom just as she did that. Amy swore under her breath and pictured Greg being pulled into Hell (Amy was a horror writer). She stood in front of Greg while she bounced in place. "You can't just leave your post."

"Allison was coming in, it was only a minute difference. I had to-." she cut herself off due to inner shame.

"Allison called out. Plus, Mario went home sick, so I had to send Paul off from the floor and into the kitchen to help cook. People love our famous roasted nachos." Amy agreed there, they were the best. "I need you to stay."

Amy's jaw dropped. Her eyes widened. "Wait, wait, wait," she said as Greg walked away. She grabbed him by the arm. "I can't, I really need to-." she stopped again. Damn this inner embarrassment she and others had of letting others know she had to pee.

"What?" Greg asked.

Amy stopped bouncing. "I . . . eh . . .nothing." Greg left and she stayed at her post. The poor, cute girl's bladder started to beat against her insides. She was a girl who was in shape, so there was not much extra room for the bladder to expand. Her knees went in and out from each other. She bit her bottom lip and looked around. God, I gotta pee! One of her legs crossed in front of the other. She continued to greet people, but after the bar's attendance dropped and less had come in, she felt time to spare. She had held in all her urine for four hours at this point. Her bladder had been full that long, and every minute just felt more pressure, and more pee poured in, making it overflow inside of her. She locked her legs tight as she noticed the warm pain. "Oh no," she whispered to herself.

Amy did not have a choice. She speeds walked to the back of the bar to the bathrooms. She wrestled with the handle. Occupied again! She kept wrestling with it. She knocked on the door, "Um, hello?" she squeaked. "Are you gonna be long, I really, really gotta pee!" No one answered. Amy placed a hand on the wall, the other one her hip, legs crossed, and hopped in place. She looked so sad. She saw everyone at the bar. She wished she could stop bouncing but she'd pee herself if she did. A few guys stared at her, a couple of them laughed. Amy shut her eyes and blushed fierce red. Her belly growled loudly, but not for hunger. It's a good thing she wore gym-style short shorts because the waist easily expanded as more and more pee formed inside and pushed against her muscle's walls, making her belly visibly expand.

She knocked hard on the door. She placed her hand to her mouth and eyes watered from sadness. She could feel herself as if she woke up early in the morning with a full bladder. But here, she was stuck. A blonde girl in a mini skirt walked up looking just as desperate. "Occupied, sorry," Amy said. That killed her a little inside because it meant bad for as well. The blonde though wrestled with the handle. No reply. She kicked the door and it opened. No one was inside. Amy's mouth dropped opened. It was never occupied; the door was probably just stuck at the knob. Everything so old and rusted in this place no wonder. The blonde sprinted in and shut the door, locking it.

"Nooo!" Amy said. She covered her eyes with sleeves that covered her hands. One leg kicked back in the air as she squirmed. "Oh come on, I can't pee myself here. Not here. I know so many of these people." Her desperation was intense and she was worried. She really, really, REALLY needed a toilet. Her bladder stung with hot pain and kept shooting pressure throughout her body. God, I'm gonna pee my pants all because I was stupid and stood in front of a bathroom door that was never occupied! I could've gone! She thought to herself. She heard the toilet flush which caused an eruption of agony inside of her body and mind. She bent forward and held her hands on her knees as they wobbled. The blonde washed her hands and the sound of a pouring sink did not help Amy. The door opened.

The blonde left. A man left the men's room, and Amy had a toilet. FINALLY, she went in but before she even clsoed the door she heard rumbling. Brown stuff poured out of the sink, and the toilet started to overflow as well with the same stuff. "EWWW!" Amy shouted, dying inside from her bladder. She ran out and saw the same thing happening to the men's room. She called Greg over.

He swore. He shut both bathroom doors and locked them with his key. He slapped OUT OF ORDER signs on both doors. Amy's heart sank. She was afraid to ask. "G-Greg. What the h-hell h-happened?!?"

"I never did take good care of this place. The pipes on this end are so old and worn out all that stuff coming out was rust mixed with water and sewage waste. Can't let anyone in there."

Amy almost died from hearing that. Her legs squeezed together tight. She started to sweat. "Wait. No one c-c-can go in there? But Jeff I-." she stopped herself.

"You have to really go don't you?" Greg asked.

Amy shook her head. Lying.

"Yeah, ok," he said. "Well hang tight. I still need you here. Mikey is a trained plumber. He can fix the bathrooms in no time.

"Greg, I can't stay. I DO have to pee! I can barely hang on; I feel like I'm about to burst. I can't have an accident, please let me-."

"Look Amy,I let you have all last week off. You owe me. If you leave, don't come back."

This shocked her. Amy had to pee sooooooo bad. She really just wanted to go. Why was he acting like this towards her?

"Greg, I was sick all last week. I'm begging you," she said, hands folded out in a plea. She begged, "Please, I am gonna pee my pants if-." Greg put a hand in front of her. He left and Amy took a final glance at the doors. OUT OF ORDER. Those words at her strength. She felt the pee inside of her body boiling. She was dying to use the toilet already. Oh, if only she had realized no one was in it before. Amy went back to work. She passed Mikey who headed to the bathrooms with a toolbox.

"Don't worry Amy," he said passing by. "Hold on and you can go in no time. “He gave her a supporting slap on the back which made her eyes widen. She crossed her legs and and crouched a bit down. Tears fell from her eyes. The slap caused a shock through her body that made a couple drops leak out into her panties. Amy's poor black panties had been stained. But it was nothing compared to the mess that will happen if Mikey didn't hurry up.

She was helping at tables. Some of the guys turned on by her awkward desperation movements, and they checked her out. Those legs looked great in nylons. Her legs moved back and forth, and her voice trembled when helping customers. "Y-yes mamm, I'll gg-g-get the check for you." Amy could not stop glancing at the bathroom. Come on, come on, come onnnnn!!!!!!! She was trapped! Trapped in a prison without a bathroom. Dozens of people around her, ready to look and laugh if she started to pee her panties. She cried a little. Both from the pain of desperation and thought of embarrassing herself from going in her pants in public. She mumbled in bladder pressure pains, "Googhhg, ohhhhh, brrrgh. Oh....oh....oh." Her inner muscles were losing the battle. Pee was breaking through her cracks, coming through her exit area. "This can't be happening to me." she said.

She stood at the door to greet again. She held her arms around herself, her legs crossing and uncrossing, just squirming and squirming. Amy did not have much time left. She and her panties and nylons and reputation were doomed! Across the bar a worker was with guys watching the big screen. They opened a champagne to celebrate a score on the game. The top popped off and champagne shot and poured out. Amy looked in horror, boiling pressure inside of her. "Eeeeeeeeeeee," she squeaked through her teeth. It made her want to release her dying bladder and let it flow but she had to fight. Come on Amy, she thought to herself, You gotta hold it! You can't lose, you have to hold it!

She saw Mikey across at the bathrooms. He gave her the thumbs up. He had finished the ladies room. Amy sparked with joy. She was gonna make it. The guys at the table were clearly turned on by her desperation though. As she went to the toilets one grabbed her by the sweater. "Excuse me, can we get refills." Amy looked around, horrified, most of the waiters had gone home, but she was forced to stay. She took the mugs and went to the bar to pour drinks. The pouring killed her more and more mentally.

"EEEEEEEEEEeeeee." She cried a bit, and realized she had maybe seconds to get to the toilet to avoid an accident. "Oh no," her heart skipped a beat. A couple more drops leaked out. She felt it under her nylon and roll down her leg. She ran to the guys with the beers. She started to walk away but was pulled again. "Don't forget your tip sweetie," the guy said. She took the $1 bill Seriously. She took off again and was at the bathroom door, toilet fixed, her breathing picking up.

"AMY!" Greg screamed. She shut her eyes, ready to close the door and relieve herself finally, but Greg waved for her to come over. She looked at the toilet and bounced in place very fast. The alarms on her bladder going off, as the dam inside was about to give way to her rushing waters. She walked over to Greg, VERY slowly. She was sweating under her sweater, lower belly, hanging over her shorts' waistband, the steaming pressure inside of her. As she got closer to Greg it started to happen. She could not feel it, yet, but it was happening. She was going in her pants. She shook in front of Greg. "I wanted to thank you for tonight. You've proven yourself a great employee and-." He noticed small leaks falling down her nylons.

"Oh no," Amy whispered. "God no, don’t let this-NOOOOOOO! No PLLLLLEASE NOOOOOOO!" And as she screamed that BOOM! Her bladder popped inside of her with such force she almost fainted. People watched in amazement, feeling bad for her, and both as a huge busted pipe of pee shot out of her bottom, pouring out of the bottom of her long sweater. It hurt so bad when her bladder popped but pee kept rushing out and streaming down her legs. People started to point and laugh she saw. One guy was even recording with his phone. Amy covered her mouth with her hands which were covered with long sleeves.

She was crying so hard as more and more urine leaked out, the stream would not let up. She covered her whole face. Greg stepped back, looking turned on. Happy he hired her....even if he felt bad for this. The bottom of her sweater had pee shot at it, staining it all around from front to back, causing a stink or old vegetables on the floor and her. She almost made it. ALMOST avoided this embarrassing incident, but her poor bladder could not take any more pee. Now it looked like neither could the bar's floor. She tried to run out but slipped on her own pee, landing on her butt.

A sweet guy, probably the nicest in the bar, ran up to help her up, placed his sweatshirt around her and ran her out. "It's ok, it's ok," he said. She realized it was Jeffrey, the boy next door. Her childhood crush. Little did she know; she was his as well. He did not notice her all night since he was depressed all day. Amy looked up at him and hugged him so comfort. "It's ok, it's ok," he said. Hopefully, something good might come out from this horrible event.

THE END.

*003*2017-05-09 17:14

{{3 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said:

That was very good I really enjoyed reading that keep up the amazing work

}}

Thanks!

