Don't Move!

Author: RidikulusRaven

*000*2017-01-16 04:49

I have a rather unhealthy obsession with Deamus. They're so perfect together it almost hurts. One of my friends sent me a link to a "kinkfest" (I'm not into that, but she had no way of knowing), and one of the prompts was that someone wet themselves from being tickled. So this happened. It's not exactly like the prompt, but I like where it wound up. I hope you guys enjoy!

###

Seamus lay on his side on his bed, doing his best to hold still as he posed for Dean. Dean had asked him to model today; he wanted to practice drawing people, and he said Seamus was the best subject. Seamus was proud to be Dean’s model, but he had been laying there for what must have been hours already. He was dead bored.

And he really had to pee.

“Dean,” Seamus whined, stretching his name out as if it had five syllables. “When will ye be done?”

Dean grinned. “Eventually.”

“C’mon, Dean, hurry up, will ye?”

“It’d be easier to work if you’d quit fidgeting, Shay.” Dean raised his eyebrows meaningfully.

“Can’t help it,” Seamus muttered. “I really gotta take a leak.”

A wicked glint entered Dean’s eyes. “Sorry, but you’ll have to hold it. I’m at a very crucial point right now; if you move, it’ll mess up the whole ambience.”

“Ambience?” Seamus raised an eyebrow. “Is that even a thing in drawin’?”

“Of course it is, Shay. Now shut up.”

Seamus glared at Dean for a moment, but kept his mouth shut. The dormitory remained quiet for quite a long time. With every second that passed, Seamus felt like his bladder was filling up more and more. It felt like it was too full, in fact, and that the muscle was stretching beyond its capabilities. The more time he spent waiting for Dean to finish, the more desperate he became.

He may have been in dire need of the loo, but Seamus still thought he had enough control to wait until Dean was finished. Surely it wouldn’t be much longer now. Then, quite suddenly, a spasm rocked through his lower abdomen. He clenched down on his muscles, just barely managing to stop the pee that so desperately had tried to escape. Surreptitiously, he tried inching his left hand toward his crotch to give it a squeeze.

“Don’t move, Shay!” Dean ordered.

Seamus’s hand snapped back to its place on his left hip. But he couldn’t hold still for very long. That moment of intense desperation had wreaked havoc on his control. He could feel the pee hovering right at the edge of his member, just waiting for permission to release. Seamus began jiggling his left leg restlessly.

“Seamus, stop!”

“Jaysus, Dean, I need to pee! Just let me go to the loo, I won’t take long!”

“No, Shay. Stay still. I’m almost done.”

Seamus groaned loudly. “I’m seriously ‘bout to pee myself over here. I really can’t wait much longer.” He felt so ashamed at saying it, but he had to convey the gravity of his situation.

Dean rolled his eyes. “God, Shay. You’re being such a baby right now.”

“Shut it, Dean. Yeh’re not the one who’s been layin’ here fer hours now.”

“Hours? You’ve been there for forty-five minutes.” Dean stood up and placed his sketchpad and pencil down on the chair where he’d been sitting. “You must’ve needed to pee before we started. You probably did it on purpose to get out of modeling for me.”

“No, Dean, I swear it’s not like that!” Seamus protested. “I’d never do that to ye, I promise!”

“I know, I was just messing with you,” Dean replied, smirking.

Seamus sighed in relief and relaxed; a burst of hot pee dampened his briefs until he clamped down on his muscles once again. He glanced down at his crotch and was grateful to see that there was no visible wet spot.

“Can I go to the loo now?” he asked, trying not to sound as desperate as he felt. If he was completely honest with himself, he wasn’t sure he’d even manage to stand up with out completely pissing himself. It was unfairly embarrassing.

Dean tilted his head to the side and looked at him contemplatively for a moment.

“No.”

And then he jumped onto Seamus’s bed and began tickling him fiercely. Seamus squirmed and tried to get away from Dean’s agile fingers, all the while laughing. Another spurt of pee warmed his briefs, quickly followed by another, longer one. He was sure to have a large wet patch on his jeans now.

“Dean, stop, please!” Seamus begged. “I’m really gonna piss myself. Stop!”

“You’re just a sore loser,” Dean taunted.

“Dean!”

Seamus wriggled for all he was worth, but the constant movement and laughter only caused his over-full bladder more undue stress. He lost all control over his muscles for the most terrifying five seconds of his life. He felt completely soaked and more than a little mortified. He’d never be able to hide this from Dean. Never.

And then, as suddenly as Dean’s tickling onslaught had begun, it ended. Seamus lay on his back, panting and trying for all he was worth to keep the rest of his pee in. He thought he was doing a pretty good job, too.

But Dean was looking down at him with an inscrutable look on his face. It sent tingles down Seamus’s spine—and another gush of pee into his briefs. And then Dean had swooped down and was kissing him. Seamus sighed; he’d fancied Dean for as long as he could remember but kept it hidden for quite obvious reasons. Kissing him now was more than he’d ever dared to dream for.

Seamus wound his arms around Dean’s neck, and Dean slipped his tongue inside Seamus’s mouth. The sensations tearing through Seamus were too intense, too mind-blowing.

He was so thoroughly distracted by Dean’s kiss that he completely forgot about his other predicament. And then his protesting bladder had decided for him. Seamus began peeing forcefully through his jeans. It took him several seconds to realize that his bladder was voiding itself, but by then it was too late to stop. He groaned in horror. He'd finally gotten a kiss from Dean, and now he was going to lose everything.

“Dean, I—“

“Shut up and kiss me, Shay,” Dean murmured. He hadn’t even flinched at the wetness that was surely spreading through his jeans now, too.

“But Dean—“ He was cut off by another kiss, and he was still vehemently peeing his pants.

Maybe another thirty seconds passed while Seamus continued to pee all over himself, Dean, and the bed. When his bladder was finally, finally empty, he squirmed a bit uncomfortably. His pants were very damp and were growing clammy. It was not a pleasant sensation.

At least, it wasn’t until his crotch began to feel warm again. Seamus was utterly confused, thinking that he’d somehow managed to begin peeing again, even though there was a distinct hollowness where he was certain his bladder used to reside. Dean pulled away slightly, and it was then that Seamus realized he wasn’t peeing, but being peed on. Dean was pissing his pants now.

Seamus stared at his best friend for the longest minute of his life as pee soaked through his jeans—pee that was not his own. For his part, Dean just stared at the place where pee was pouring from his own pants. They had become so soaked that they couldn’t hold any more liquid, apparently, and the stream exiting Dean’s body looked something like the flow from a hose.

When Dean finally finished peeing on Seamus, he looked up. Seamus continued to stare at him, wide-eyed.

“What?” Dean asked, sounding somewhat defensive.

“Y-ye just…” Seamus trailed off, unable to find words.

“Yeah, well, so did you,” Dean said.

“But why?” Seamus managed to force out.

Dean shrugged, somewhat uncomfortable. “I sometimes do this thing where I hold in my pee all day, or as long as I can. I really needed a piss just now, y’know?”

Seamus nodded, but he didn’t completely understand. “Why did ye make me piss mine?”

“I dunno. I thought that maybe if you liked it, too, I wouldn’t feel so…depraved.”

Oh.

Seamus shrugged. “Well, I guess the adrenaline rush was pretty intense,” he conceded. “But how am I supposed to know if I like it if ye force me to do it?”

Dean looked beyond shocked. “Do you mean to tell me that if I’d told you about this, you might’ve tried it willingly?”

“Dunno, but it’s me we’re talkin’ about. Nothin’s impossible, Dean.”

“Do…do you think maybe you’d want to do this with me tomorrow?” Dean asked hesitantly.

Seamus grinned. “Only if ye promise to kiss me like that again.”

$

*004*2017-04-10 17:00

Goodness, sorry I've been AWOL guys.

@[Insert Omo]

I would love to take a look if you still want help! Sorry it's been so long since you asked!

*005*2017-04-10 19:05

Don't Move

Part II

Seamus awoke the next morning to Dean shaking his shoulder. He blinked his eyes slowly and smiled up at his best friend—or were they more than that now?

"Morning, sleepyhead," Dean said softly. "How are you?"

Seamus thought it over for a minute. He looked around their dormitory, taking care to note where each of his other roommates were and whether they could hear what he was saying. "'M okay," he murmured. "Gotta take a leak, though."

Dean chuckled. "Me too."

"What do we do about it?" he asked cautiously.

"Well, we could take care of the problem and then start the game, or we could start right now." Dean shrugged. "Usually when I start this early, I reach my limit around tea time."

"And then what?" Seamus asked, his curiosity getting the better of him.

"Well, then I just use the loo."

Seamus scrunched up his nose. "But what's the point of doin' it if ye don't...ye know...what happened yesterday?"

Dean frowned. "Well, it's not like I could with so many people around. I'd never live it down."

"Well," Seamus mused, "what if—" He narrowed his eyes in Neville's direction, having noticed that the boy was watching them curiously. Seamus yanked Dean onto his bed, drew the bed hangings, then put up a Silencing Charm around them. "Okay, so what if we just did it now?"

"What do you mean?" Dean asked.

"Piss ourselves. Right here, right now."

"But I'm not desperate," he said.

"So we hold it the rest of the day, Dean," Seamus said patiently. "We piss now, then play the game until we burst. Isn't that kinda the point?"

Dean nodded. "Yeah, I see what you mean. I don't really have as much fun playing when I don't get to wet myself at the end."

"All right then." Seamus locked eyes with Dean. "So we just...start peein'?"

The wicked glint reentered Dean's gaze. "Or..."

And then Dean was kissing Seamus like his life depended on it. Seamus, for his part, wrapped his arms around Dean's neck then laid back down, pulling the other boy on top of him.

"Shay," Dean whispered against his lips. "I'm gonna—"

Seamus silenced his best friend by shoving his tongue into the other boy's mouth. A shudder rocked his entire body when he felt Dean's warm pee spreading across his thighs. He tightened his grip around Dean's neck, then slowly released his own stream of urine. Seamus's morning piss seemed to take forever to expend itself, but he was more than happy to continue kissing Dean like this.

When the scant amount of air between their bodies finally began to cool his privates, Seamus broke away from the kiss and grabbed his wand from under his pillow. He moved to cast a Cleaning Charm over both of them—and his pee-soaked mattress—but before he could, Dean snatched the wand, grinning.

"I think I'll cast this one," he said with a chuckle.

"What?" Seamus demanded. "My bed, my wand, my spell!"

Dean laughed. "I'd rather not follow up this rather great morning with a trip to the Hospital Wing for third-degree burns."

Seamus scowled at him, but Dean just shook his head and cast the spell. Within moments, everything was clean and dry.

"Now remember," Dean admonished, "no bathroom breaks from here on out." And then he yanked open the bed hangings and moved to get dressed for the day.

OoOoO

At breakfast, Dean had Seamus drink three full goblets of pumpkin juice. Seamus didn't think anything of it; he was used to drinking pumpkin juice as if it were going out of production. Dean himself drank five full goblets of the ice-cold beverage. Seamus wondered if it was because Dean had better endurance or if it was because he wanted to become desperate faster.

The rest of the morning passed rather quickly, and Seamus didn't feel much different from normal. At lunch, he felt the first small twinge from his bladder. Normally, he would've excused himself to use the loo, as was habit. Instead he refilled his goblet of water.

"Dean," he whispered, leaning closer to his best friend. "Startin' to feel like I need to go."

"Same," Dean murmured back. "Drink more water. Four goblets if you can handle it."

Seamus nodded and downed his drink, then refilled it again. Dean did the same; in fact, he once again drank five goblets of his chosen beverage. This time, Seamus matched him drop for drop. He was determined not to be outdone by his best friend. And to even things up, he drank an extra two goblets so that he would have an identical amount of liquid filling up his bladder. Dean raised an eyebrow at him when Seamus refilled his glass the sixth time, but Seamus just shrugged it off.

By the end of their half-hour lunch break, though, Seamus was really starting to feel the effects of drinking so much. When he stood up from the table to head to class, he had to bounce a little bit on the spot until his muscles readjusted.

"You okay there, Shay?" Dean asked with a sly grin.

"Of course I am," Seamus replied smoothly. "Ye doin' okay yerself, Dean?"

Dean nodded.

"Then let's go to class." With that, Seamus marched out of the Great Hall and led the way to the North Tower for Divination.

Seamus was grateful in so many ways that Divination was their next class. He would be able to fidget and squirm all he wanted without drawing any undue attention from their professor. That, and they got to sit on the puffiest cushions known to wizardkind, which would be a welcome respite to his sore bladder. Sitting on hard wooden benches and chairs would only serve to remind him of his filling bladder.

Climbing the endless staircases and ascending the rope ladder to the classroom were both harder tasks than Seamus had anticipated. When they finally were able to sit down, Seamus chose a small table in the very back of the classroom. He just knew he wouldn't make it to the end of class with the way his bladder was pulsing. He sat gingerly on the cushion. He closely watched as Dean sat down, trying to gauge the other boy's level of desperation. How did he stay so calm? He didn't show any outward signs of needing to pee whatsoever!

"Dean," Seamus hissed, "don't ye have to piss?"

"Of course I do, Shay. I just hide it better than you," Dean whispered back.

"How do ye do that?" Seamus demanded.

"Practice. Now hush, or someone'll hear us." Dean turned to retrieve his textbook.

"Dean," Seamus whispered urgently. "I'm not gonna make it to the end of class."

Dean turned back to face him. "It's really that bad?" he asked, looking concerned.

Seamus nodded vigorously. "Maybe ye have more practice or somethin', but I'm dyin' over here."

"Honestly, Shay, I'm rather desperate myself. If you lose it during class, then I'll do the same, okay?"

"O-okay," Seamus agreed somewhat reluctantly.

"Just nudge me or something if it happens," Dean said, just as Professor Trelawney started class.

Seamus couldn't focus on the lesson, if it could even be called that. He was continuously jiggling his left leg, trying to keep himself from peeing all over. He began to consider just letting go anyway. As the thought worked its way through his overtaxed mind, a spurt of hot pee worked its way into his briefs. He fought back a gasp. He was losing the battle, and he knew it. He figured he'd just give in, but he didn't want to do it alone. So he pulled out a scrap of parchment.

I'm just gonna let go, he scribbled. I can't hold on anymore.

He slid the note over so Dean could see it.

You sure you can't wait any longer? Dean wrote back.

No. I'm already leakin' over here. I gotta piss so bad.

Okay. We'll let go together, and I'll use that spell to clean us up after.

Thank you, Dean.

On three, then.

Seamus lost another burst of pee when Dean grabbed his hand under the table. He squeezed it once. Twice. On the third squeeze, Seamus finally stopped fighting his bladder. He relaxed, and pee shot out of his trousers and began to pool in his lap. He looked over at Dean to see that his best friend had moved to sit cross-legged. His legs were slightly spread apart so that his own stream of pee was being soaked up by the cushion he sat upon. Seamus copied him. The hissing sound of them both wetting their pants sounded like thunder in his ears, and for a moment he was worried everyone would hear.

But nobody noticed the pair in the back of the room. Seamus relaxed, and his stream of urine flowed harder than ever. What if the cushion couldn't hold everything he was letting go? He looked up to see that Dean was staring at his soaked crotch. Seamus returned his own gaze to Dean's lap, which had its own rapidly spreading wet stain. And then the two boys locked eyes with each other.

"This is so hot," Dean whispered, nearly inaudible.

Seamus hummed indecisively as his pee finally slowed to a trickle and then stopped. He nearly sighed in relief once his bladder was empty and hollow-feeling once more.

"Ye done?" he murmured to Dean.

Dean nodded as he pulled out his wand. He waved it and whispered the spell so quietly that his lips barely moved. Seamus felt a tingling sensation wash over his lower half as he was instantly cleaned and dried.

All he could think in that moment was to thank Godric for magic.

*007*2017-04-10 21:40

:3

