[Commission]: Bonnie is a Good Girl

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2025-12-23 11:51

Hi Omo Lovers! Christmas is here and I wanted to gift you all a nail biting and intense story of a young girl who simply will not pee in front of others and cause inconvenience to them. She will battle her needs with all her being until she has her much needed privacy. But now she is faced with a challenge where privacy is not easily available for her. How long do you think, she can last? Read on to find out.

###

The glowing green digits of my bedside clock clicked over to 4:10 AM. I lay perfectly still under my blanket or so I made it appear. Under the wraps, I was curling my toes, sweating and biting my lips to the point it hurt. You would think that there was an intruder in my house but no! I was bursting for a pee, like every other night since I had my first memories.

With a shaking hand, I reached for my phone on the nightstand. The screen illuminated my face, blinding me for a second before I navigated to the family health-share app. My other hand was jammed deep in my sweaty crotch, clawing and kneading to prevent my pent-up pee from coming out.

Dad: Deep Sleep (Heart Rate 58).

Mom: Deep Sleep (Heart Rate 62).

Chloe: Deep Sleep (Heart Rate 65).

I whimpered with joy and pressure both, as I realized they were all asleep. I hadn't peed since 3:30 AM yesterday morning and the bulge in my bladder had no more room. I don’t know why but I just couldn’t allow myself to pee if anyone had the faintest idea. It sorts of became an unsaid rule for me. Good girls don't pee. Good girls must always wait. And I was a very, very good girl.

I threw off the heavy duvet, the cool air of the bedroom hitting my skin. I slept in a white Skims leotard. My little sister decided it was what ‘HOT’ girls sleep in and that was it. It was a torture to sleep in. The fabric was tight and nearly flattened my stomach and my bladder too. But I just couldn’t say no to her. What if she felt I was being rude to her? My proportions were... significant. Even though I was shy and tried to shrink into the background of every room, my body refused to cooperate. I had a slim, runner’s waist and hips that flared out dangerously, but my oversized bust was the real problem. It was heavy, exaggerated, and seemingly defiant of gravity, so much so that people often asked me if they were real.

But right now, the most prominent curve on my body weren’t my breasts or my hips. It was my bladder. As I stood, gravity took its toll. A twenty-four-hour bladder is a heavy thing. It slumped forward, a distinct, rock-hard melon protruding visibly from my otherwise ripped abdomen, despite the skims squeezing it ruthlessly. "Oh, god," I breathed, the sound barely audible. My knees knocked together instantly. My thighs, toned and strong from years of track and field, clamped shut with a force that could crush a walnut. I needed to pee so badly that my vision was swimming with yellow spots. Every instinct screamed at me to run, but I couldn't. My ensuite shared a wall with Chloe’s room. The pipes rattled. If I flushed, she might wake up. If she woke up, she’d ask why I was up. I’d have to apologize. I’d be a nuisance.

No.

I had to go downstairs to the powder room on the first floor. It was the only way to be invisible. I took the first step, and a jolt of electricity shot up my spine. My bladder was so full it felt like it was stretched to the point of transparency, filled to the brim with liter after liter of tea, water, juice and what not. All because I’d politely consumed all day yesterday because turning down a drink was rude.

I crept into the hallway. My bare feet stuck slightly to the hardwood floor. Creak.

I froze, my heart stopping. I clamped my sphincter so tight I felt lightheaded. Please don't wake up. Please don't come out. Silence returned to the house. This was good practice, I told myself as I navigated the stairs, gripping the banister white-knuckled. I was leaving for my exchange program later today. The flight was fourteen hours. The drive to the airport was two. Meeting the new family would take hours. I needed to be ready. I needed to be able to hold my pee in at all times, this swollen, throbbing, desperate bulge, with a smile on my face. I couldn't be the girl who asked the host father to pull over on the highway. I couldn't be the girl who made everyone stand up in the plane row.

Somehow, I reached the bottom of the stairs, sweat dripping from my forehead. "Hnggg..." I doubled over, as my eyes fell on the door of the powder room. I sucked in my breath and waddled the last ten feet to the powder room, my thighs rubbing together frantically. I slipped inside and closed the door with agonizing slowness, ensuring the latch clicked silently. I hurriedly reached down to the snaps of my leotard at my crotch, but it didn’t have one. I screamed internally, scissoring my legs tightly. This was the hardest part - to pull the shoulder straps down and wiggle out of the leotard. To get it below my waist, I had to relax my legs. If I relaxed my legs, I would lose it right then. I again took a deep breathe and uncrossed my legs, yanking down the leotard with a sharp pull.

I was finally free but I didn't sit immediately. I couldn't. If I sat too fast, the impact would force it out before I was positioned, and I’d make a mess. A messy girl is a bad girl. I lowered myself onto the porcelain rim with the grace of a bomb disposal technician. My hips touched the seat. My knees spread, just an inch. For a second, nothing happened. My muscles were so locked, so traumatized by the iron discipline I forced upon them, that they refused to believe it was over. They held on, spasming, confused by the sudden permission.

"It's okay," I whispered to myself panting and shuddering. I relaxed my muscles and started pushing it. Just a little. And then, my floodgates finally open. I could never control the start and all of it came out as a fire hose. A high-pressure, violent jet of pee erupted from me, hitting the water with a force that shocked even me.

PSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!

I slapped a hand over my mouth to stifle a moan of pure, unadulterated ecstasy. My eyes rolled back in my head, my toes curling so hard they cramped against the bathmat. The sensation was blinding. It was better than sleep, better than sugar, better than anything. I could feel how hot my pee was. I watched my belly in the dim light, expecting it to deflate instantly, but the stream just kept going. And going. And going. I had to angle my hips, desperate to aim the stream against the porcelain bowl's side to silence the roar, but the pressure was too high; it churned the water violently. I bit my knuckle, please don’t be so loud.

Over a minute later, I felt the skin on my stomach begin to loosen and the rock-hard sensation fading into a soft, empty ache. Minutes passed. Literally minutes. When the torrent finally slowed to a heavy, rhythmic drumbeat, and then to a trickle, I slumped forward, resting my forehead against the cool wall in front of me. I was panting, sweaty, and exhausted, but I felt light as a feather.

I was empty. I was clean. I was a good girl again and satisfied that I had survived one more day without bothering anyone with my trivial bathroom needs.

After sleeping for barely three hours, my eyes fluttered open. And the first thing I did, before checking the time, before stretching, was check in with my bladder. It felt tender and it still ached, but I was used to it since my childhood. My sphincter muscles were tight. It felt less like a conscious choice and more like a factory setting. I loved that soreness, in a twisted way. It was the feeling of success. It was the feeling of being a good girl. But I could sense my bladder had started to fill again. I had relieved myself at 4:00 AM and now it was around 8AM. I figured there was maybe three or four hundred millilitres. To a normal person, that would be a signal to visit the bathroom. To me? It was barely a drop in the bucket. I wouldn't let anyone know about my needs for such a trivial amount. Besides, the house was awake now. I could hear footsteps. The opportunity for privacy was gone.

I showered quickly, and I soon as I stepped out, the door burst open.

"Bonnie! Happy travel day!" It was Chloe, my younger sister. She was everything I wasn't: loud, brash, and unapologetic. She held a hanger in her hand, swinging it triumphantly. "I got you a going-away present," she announced, ignoring my frantic attempt to cover my nakedness with a small towel. "I know you were planning on wearing those tragic sweatpants, but you’re going to Spain. You need to look hot."

She held up the garment, and I gasped. It was an athleisure bodysuit.

"Chloe, it’s... it’s beautiful," I stammered, clutching my towel. "But for a plane ride? It looks very... tight."

"That's the point!" Chloe rolled her eyes, shoving it into my hands. "It’s compression fabric. Keeps the blood flow going and also keeps you warm. Plus, look at the back."

She spun the hanger. The back wasn't a zipper. It wasn't snaps. It was a complex, corset-style lacing system that ran from the neck all the way down to the small of the back.

My stomach dropped. "Laces?"

"Yeah, it snatches your waist," she said, beaming.

"But... how do I..." I swallowed hard, my face flushing. "How do I take it off? If I need to... you know."

Chloe scoffed. "You have to untie it, obviously. It takes like, five minutes. But who cares? You’re Bonnie. You never pee anyway. I swear you’re like a camel. You’ll be fine."

She’s right, I told myself. I am a camel. I don’t want to be the girl who refuses a gift just because she won’t be able to pee.

"Here, put it on. I'll lace you up," Chloe commanded. I couldn't say no. I couldn't reject her gift. It would hurt her feelings. I dropped the towel and stepped into the sapphire suit. The fabric was thick and incredibly tight. I pulled the straps up, squeezing my huge breasts into place, the fabric straining to contain them. Then, I turned around.

"Suck it in," Chloe said.

I exhaled, clamping my abdominal muscles. Chloe began to pull the laces. Tug. The fabric tightened around my ribs.

Tug. It cinched my waist to an impossibly small circumference. Tug. The bottom of the suit hauled upward, the material digging sharply into my crotch, creating a firm, unyielding barrier against my womanhood.

"There!" Chloe patted my butt. "You look insane. Like a superhero."

"Thanks, Chloe," I whispered, forcing a smile. "It's perfect."

"Come on, Mom made tea and smoothies before you go," she said, bouncing out of the room.

Tea. Smoothies. Breakfast.

I checked my mental clock. It was 8:00 AM. The car ride to the airport was an hour. Check-in and security: three hours (international flights required early arrival). The flight: fourteen hours. Customs and immigration on the other side: one hour. Transit to the host family: unknown. I was looking at a minimum of twenty hours. Twenty hours in a suit that required a second person to lace up. By the time I would reach the destination I will be holding well over a day. I gulped down nervously as I imagined being at my critical threshold in an unknown place.

But there was no other option. I walked downstairs, the suit squeaking softly with every step. My parents were in the kitchen, a large spread of breakfast on the table. There were cereals, fresh fruits, smoothies and a LOT of green tea. If I didn't drink it, she’d think I didn't like it. She’d worry I wasn't hydrated. I couldn't burden her with that.

I sat down, the bodysuit clinching into my stomach and began with the breakfast. Slowly but steadily I finished everything that was served to me. ALL. OF. IT. By the time we stepped out, the pressure was building. Thanks to two glasses of smoothies and a tall green tea to top it off. I slid into the backseat of the car and pressed my knees together, crossing my ankles, and folded my hands politely in my lap.

"Ready for the trip?" Dad asked from the driver's seat.

"Yes," I lied, smiling through the rearview mirror. "I can't wait."

I clamped my internal muscles, visualizing a steel door slamming shut. I was going to hold this. All the way to the other side of the world.

Once at the airport, Mom and Chloe were both very fidgety. "Okay, pit stop!" Dad announced as we hauled the luggage trolleys toward the check-in counters. "That coffee went right through me."

"Me too," Mom said, doing a little jig. "I'm bursting." Chloe nodded eagerly too. They all stopped in a cluster right in front of the main restrooms.

"Bonnie, sweetie," Mom said, looking at me. "Do you mind watching the bags? It'll just be a second. We don't want to leave them unattended."

This was it. The test. My bladder gave a violent throb at the mere mention of the bathroom. All the juice and tea from the breakfast were pumped into the bladder. I had emptied a bottle of water on the way as the bodysuit barely let my skin breath. I forced a smile and let all of them go. The sound of a toilet flushing echoed from inside the entrance, making me shudder. I stood rigid, my hands gripping the handle of the nearest luggage cart so hard my knuckles turned white. Being near a bathroom was psychological torture. I could hear everything. The rush of faucets. The whoosh of high-powered hand dryers. The distinct, heavenly sound of zippers.

Squeeze.

I clamped my thighs together and endured the slowest minutes of my day. The bodysuit was doing me no favours now. The seam of the crotch and my thongs were digging into me like a wire, pressing exactly where I didn't want pressure. I shifted my weight to my left foot. Bad idea. The movement sloshed the contents of my bladder, sending a jolt of pee. I shifted quickly to my right foot. Worse. Even through the compression fabric, if anyone looked closely, and people were looking, because a tits-on-stick girl in a shimmery bodysuit tends to draw the eye, you could see the slight, rounded firmness of my lower belly.

No. Be strong. You are helpful. You are useful. I focused on the luggage. Samsonite. American Tourister. Red ribbon. I counted the bags. One, two, three, four... Finally, after what felt like three hours but was probably six minutes, my family emerged. They looked lighter. happier. Relieved.

"Oh, much better," Dad said, stretching.

"That line was crazy," Mom said, adjusting her purse. She looked at me, her eyes scanning my face. I was sweating slightly, a fine sheen on my upper lip. My posture was stiff; my legs locked together in a pose that screamed, 'girl holding a liter of pee.'

"Bonnie, honey, do you need to go?" she asked, gesturing to the door. "We can wait."

Time stopped.

My bladder screamed. YES! YES! PLEASE!

But then my brain engaged. I thought about the laces. I thought about the tiny stall. I thought about how long it would take to get this suit off. I thought about Dad checking his watch. I thought about Chloe sighing and scrolling on her phone while they waited for me. I couldn't be the high-maintenance one. I couldn't make them wait ten minutes while I wrestled with spandex.

"No, I'm fine!" I chirped. "It’s no problem?"

"Are you sure?" Mom pressed. "It’s a long flight."

"I'm positive," I said, grabbing the handle of the trolley before my resolve crumbled. "Let's go check in. I don't want us to be late."

Saying goodbye was a blur of hugs and well-wishes. Mom cried a little, Dad clapped me on the shoulder, and Chloe gave me a smug thumbs-up, whispering, "Don't wet the suit," before sending me off toward the security checkpoint.

I turned and walked away, my rolling carry-on vibrating against the floor, sending tiny shockwaves to my pee hole. The security line was a long. I joined the end of it, taking my place behind a family with three screaming toddlers and a man who seemed to be wearing every piece of metal jewellery he owned.

I stood still. Then I shifted. Then I stood still again. The waiting was the worst part. When you're walking, you can focus on the rhythm. But standing still? Standing still allowed gravity to do its worst. I checked my phone. Wait time: 45 minutes. I let out a soft, shuddering breath. Forty-five minutes of standing. Then a fourteen-hour flight. Every time the line inched forward, I had to unlock my knees, shuffle three steps, and then re-clamp. It was a torture dance. Shuffle, clamp. Shuffle, clamp. By the time I reached the TSA agent, I was sweating.

"ID and boarding pass," the officer grunted.

I handed them over, my hand shaking slightly. I was terrified he’d ask me a question and I’d lose focus and my need would worsen.

"Have a good flight," he muttered.

"Th-thanks," I squeaked.

Finally, I boarded and I found my row—34A. A window seat. My heart sank. A window seat meant two people blocking my exit. Two people I would have to ask to move if I wanted to use the lavatory. Two people I would have to inconvenience if things went critical. I took a deep breath. No Bonnie, you will hold it like a good girl. I then squeezed into the row, my hips bumping the armrests, my chest brushing the seatback in front of me. I sat down, and the compression suit tightened its grip. Sitting was different from standing; it folded my torso, pushing my lower belly and further compressing it between my thighs and my ribs. The pressure spiked instantly. Soon a large man with broad shoulders squeezed into the middle seat. Then an elderly woman with a cane took the aisle seat, taking a full two minutes to settle herself, arrange her blanket, and get comfortable.

Trapped. I was completely, utterly trapped. I smiled weakly at them, buckled my seatbelt which dug right into the apex of my bladder), and stared out the window. Soon we were in the air, but the seatbelt sign stayed on for forty minutes due to turbulence. Forty minutes where I couldn't have moved even if I wanted to. I gripped my thighs tightly throughout and as soon as the sign went off, I flicked open the belt, feeling an instant relief.

Then, the service started.

"Drink? Soda, juice, water?"

The flight attendant was beaming at me. The cart was right there.

"Um..." My throat was dry. "Water, please."

Why? Why was I like this? Because saying 'no' felt rude. Because refusing service felt ungrateful.

I drank the cup of water. It was small, plastic, and deadly.

Here is the condensed version of the flight scene, keeping the intensity and key moments intact:

Three hours into the flight, my bladder graduated from 'full' to 'distended’. I sat rigidly upright, unable to lean back as the suit would further squeeze in, neither lean forward without crushing my bladder. By hour six I had stupidly emptied my water bottle absent mindedly. And at the same time, they even served lunch, and with it, my polite self-sabotage. I ate the salty chicken and drank the diuretic tea, fuelling the fire with a smile. The result was immediate: I could feel my labia quiver and a strong ache rip through my bladder. To leave, I’d have to wake the snoring man and the elderly woman. I looked at them, then at my throbbing midsection. I couldn’t do it. Peeing must wait.

A few hours later, I was white-knuckling the armrests, breathing in counts of four, barely managing to choke out a "No, thank you" when offered coffee. I was vibrating, my foot tapping a manic rhythm as I tried to fold my long legs into the cramped space. Then came Hour 11. The man beside me shifted in his sleep, and his elbow slipped—landing with a heavy thud dead-centre on my bursting bladder. My vision went white. I bit my lips, tears springing to my eyes as my sphincter clamped with the force of a hydraulic press to hold back the flood.

"Sorry," he mumbled, oblivious.

"Its…Its Fine, I understand," I squeaked, shaking violently, sweat drenching my neck.

Three hours left. Plus landing. Plus immigration. I closed my eyes and visualized a desert, terrified that one more air pocket would turn me into the girl who flooded Row 34. My eyes were fixed on the flight map screen like it was a holy scripture. The little airplane icon was agonizingly close to the destination city. The countdown timer read: 0:15 remaining.

Fifteen minutes. I could do fifteen minutes. I had done fourteen hours. Fifteen minutes was nothing. It was a rounding error. It had been nearly twenty hours since my last release and I was getting dangerously close to my limits. Soon, the cabin crew began their final checks. "Seatbacks upright, tray tables stowed." This was it. The descent. I braced myself against the armrests, staring out the window, watching the ground get closer. Houses, cars, roads, civilization. I clenched myself as hard as I could. I couldn’t let myself imagine of bathrooms yet.

And then, the plane didn't bank. It didn't drop. It stayed level. The intercom crackled to life. "uuhhh, ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. We've just been informed by air traffic control that there's a bit of congestion down there on the ground. A storm system moved through earlier and backed everything up. We’ve been placed in a holding pattern."

My heart hammered a frantic rhythm against my ribs. No. No, no, no.

"We're currently number six in line for landing," the captain continued, as if discussing the weather. "We're expecting a delay of about... oh, forty-five minutes to an hour before we can get wheels down. Sit back, relax, and we'll get you there as soon as we can."

Forty-five minutes.

To an hour.

I squeezed my eyes shut, my hands gripping the armrests so hard I thought the plastic might crack. Don't think about it. Don't think about the time. Think about... think about concrete. Think about dry sand. I pretzeled my legs and pushed my legs hard against the floorboard, nearly raising my butt from the seat. I bit my lips hard as I fought the onslaught of sudden waves. My bladder apparently realized what was happening. I was beginning to think that today would be the day when I would flood the aircraft. I was acutely aware of every drop of liquid inside me. The tea. The smoothie. The water bottle. The second tea. It was all there, liters of it, stored in a tank that was screaming at maximum capacity.

A new sensation began to register—a sharp, stinging burn at the very exit of my urethra. It was the "turtlehead" warning. The seal was weakening. The muscles were tiring. They had been holding firm for twenty one hours, but they were exhausted. They were trembling, spasming, begging for release.

I am a twenty-two-year-old woman, a foreign exchange student, a model of politeness and grace. I clenched my jaw. I tightened my core. I visualized my bladder as a vault of titanium. I will not leak. I will not leak. I will not leak.

I would hold this until my bladder burst. I would hold this until I passed out. I would be the good girl.

Finally, the wheels of the 747 finally slammed onto the tarmac with a jarring thud, I didn't feel relief. I felt a violent shockwave travel up my spine from my pee hole. My body convulsed. I literally folded in half, my forehead hitting the seatback in front of me.

"You okay, miss?" the large man next to me asked, concerned.

"Just... stretching," I gasped, my voice strangled. "Long flight."

"Tell me about it."

The plane braked hard. The momentum threw me forward against the seatbelt, the nylon strap digging ruthlessly into the absolute peak of my distension. I saw stars. Actual, cartoon stars dancing in my peripheral vision. It took forever to reach the terminal and then another realization hit me. It was 2PM local time. My blood ran cold.

Two in the afternoon. Broad daylight. The sun was shining. The airport would be brightly lit. My fantasy of arriving at night and somehow making to the hosts place and darting into my room was shattered.

"Welcome to Ibiza," the intercom chirped.

The seatbelt sign pinged off.

Click. Click. Click. Everyone stood up.

I couldn't stand up. Standing up required straightening my torso. Straightening my torso required stretching my abdominal muscles. Stretching my abdominal muscles meant removing the only structural support my bladder currently had.

"After you," the large man said, stepping into the aisle and gesturing for me to go.

"Thanks," I squeaked.

I grabbed the armrests and pushed. My legs were jelly. My knees knocked together violently as I rose. I couldn't straighten all the way up. I was hunched over like a crone, clutching my stomach with one hand, my carry-on bag with the other.

"Whoa, easy there," the man said, steadying me as I swayed. "Legs asleep?"

"Something like that," I lied, sweat dripping off the end of my nose. Somehow I made it to the jet bridge, the cool air hitting my sweat-soaked bodysuit. I was freezing and boiling at the same time.

Then came the Immigration Hall and at the end of it? Stone-faced officers who asked questions. I joined the line. I put my bag down. I picked it up. I put it down. I picked it up. My bladder was a hard, distinct melon protruding aggressively against the sapphire fabric. I had to keep my jacket zipped up to hide the bulge, which only made me hotter.

Thankfully my immigration was quick and I speed-walked away, my stride awkward and stiff-legged.

Now, baggage claim. I stood by the carousel with my bladder spasmsing rhythmically, little electric shocks of let go, let go, let go.

No. Not here. Not now.

Then I saw it. My suitcase. The big, red monster. It weighed fifty pounds. It circled past me. I missed it. I couldn't lunge. Lunging was dangerous. "Dammit," I whimpered.

It came around again. This time, I had to grab it.

I braced myself. I clamped my sphincter until I felt lightheaded. I reached out, grabbed the handle, and heaved.

The exertion was catastrophic. As I yanked the heavy bag off the belt, my core muscles contracted. That pressure transferred directly to my bladder.

I felt something hot on my labia. I froze, petrified, standing in the middle of the baggage claim with a fifty-pound suitcase in mid-air. My eyes went wide. Hold it. Hold it. HOLD IT. I slammed the mental gates shut. I clenched so hard my butt muscles cramped. The leak stopped. Just one drop. For a second I thought a hot drop of urine escaped. But it was only my sweat.

I dropped the suitcase onto its wheels with a crash. I was panting. I looked around wildly.

The "Exit" signs beckoned. My host family was out there. They were waiting.

I had two choices:

Run to the nearest bathroom, wrestle with the laced-up back of my bodysuit for five minutes in a stall while people listened to me struggle, and potentially wet myself while trying to undress. Walk out those doors, find my host family, get in their car, and hold it until we got to their house. I looked at the bathroom sign. Then I looked at the message on my phone from my hosts. I was Bonnie. I could hold it. I was not supposed to pee and make anyone wait for my needs. I grabbed the handle of my suitcase and waddled out.

As soon as I stepped in the warm air of Ibiza, I hears someone call my name. "Bonnie! Bonnie!". I looked around and spotted a girl about the same age as me, holding a piece of glittery cardboard that read: WELCOME BONNIE! There was a plump lady in her forties with her.

They were sprinting toward me.

Oh no.

Before I could drop into a defensive crouch, they were upon me.

"Welcome to Ibiza, love!" the woman, Mrs. Higgins hugged me tight. "Hi!" the daughter chirped, hugging me from the side. It was a pincer maneuver. Mrs. Higgins’ arms wrapped right around my waist, cinching the lacing of my bodysuit tighter, while the daughter buried her face into my side. The combined pressure squeezed my rock-hard bladder, from both directions. My eyes bulged out in pressure. "Hnnnng - hi!" I managed, steam blowing out of my ears.

"You look HOT!" The daughter, Irina winked at me, "Look at that outfit! How did you go to the bathroom?"

I was taken aback at her question, stunned how could she ask me about it so brazenly. “I didn’t.” I admitted.

“God! You must be bursting then? Want to use the restrooms before we leave?” Mrs. Higgins pointed towards the ladies room nearby. But then I looked at Mrs. Higgins, who was checking her watch. Mrs. Higgins, was jingling her car keys, clearly eager to get going.

"I... I..." I swallowed the scream rising in my throat. If I went now, I’d have to ask them to watch my bags again. I’d have to explain the suit. I’d take too long. They’d think I was difficult. I gulped down and steeled myself. Even if my bladder ripped inside I couldn’t make them wait longer

"I'm okay!" I chirped, flashing a smile that was more of a grimace. "I can wait."

"Are you sure?" Mrs. Higgins frowned slightly. "You're doing a bit of a... jig, love."

I realized I was bobbing up and down on my toes uncontrollably.

"Just... excited leg!" I blurted out. They didn’t say anything thereafter and soon we hit the road. There was no hiding it. My knees were spread slightly because of the lack of room, and between my thighs, the lower part of the bodysuit was clearly, visibly bulging. The fabric was strained to its limit, outlining a hard, round mound that looked like I had stuffed a cantaloupe down my midsection. I was sweating profusely as my body cried for its relief. At that point I was already holding a full day’s worth of pee. My biological alarm was ticking, and I had no clue when I would get some privacy.

The car slowed to a crawl as we entered a long traffic jam. Stop. Start. Stop. Start. The braking was the worst. Every time she hit the brakes, inertia threw my fluid-filled bladder forward against the wall of my bladder. Every time she accelerated, it sloshed back. I held my breath and clenched my jaws.

"So," Irina said, staring at me over the seat. "You're really quiet. Are you always this quiet?"

"I... I'm just..." I couldn't finish the sentence. A particularly sharp spasm rocked my bladder, feeling like a hot knife. I clamped my hands between my thighs, clawing until my nails pierced through the fabric.

"She's shy, Irina, leave her be," Mrs. Higgins said.

I was shy but I was concentrating. I was using 100% of my brainpower to send a single, continuous signal to my overworked muscles: DO NOT OPEN.

By 6:00 PM, I was seeing stars across my vision every time the car idled. I could feel my nether stinging like pins and needles when I had to alight from the car. I was under such tremendous strain that I nearly blacked out. I looked down and found that rock-hard dome of my bladder strained the sapphire bodysuit to its translucent limit.

Mr. Higgins greeted us with the smell of roasting meat, which my confused body interpreted as a signal to relieve itself. My bladder gave a violent, sharp punch to my pee hole that forced a gasp out of me. I barely disguised as a cough. Instead of a bathroom, he offered immediate dinner. No, I screamed internally. I need a bucket, not a meal. But my pathological politeness won out: "That sounds lovely," I lied.

Then Irina, their bubbly daughter, announced she was "bursting" and offered me the downstairs loo first. It was ten feet away, salvation was right there. But if I went, she’d wait. I’d take too long with the laces. The noise would be deafening. "No!" I cracked, my voice an octave too high. "You go! I love... holding my appetite."

“Oh thank you! I haven’t gone since I woke up.” She nonchalantly said and dashed in. Moments later, the torture of a loud psssshhhhh echoed through the thin door. I squeezed my eyes shut, toes curling until my arches cramped, listening to the sound of freedom while I forced myself to keep myself corked in.

Then came the dining table—hard, unyielding wood. Lowering myself was like defusing a bomb; the seat pressed up against my perineum, sandwiching my angry, swollen bladder between the chair and the corset-tight fabric until I whimpered.

"Comfy?" Mrs. Higgins asked. "Very," I wheezed, just as a relieved Irina bounded back in, chirping about how good it felt to empty a full tank. I stared at her with glazed eyes while Mr. Higgins served a liquidy stew and a giant glass of iced lemonade. I sat on the very edge of the chair, legs wound like a pretzel, rocking microscopically to stop from exploding. When Mrs. Higgins chided me to drink the lemonade, I knew I couldn't be rude. I lifted the glass, my hand shaking so violently the ice cubes chimed like wind chimes, clink-clink-clink. I took a deep breath and sipped in the liquid sabotage.

By 7:00 PM, the conversation was a blur. I was vaguely aware that my leg was bouncing up and down under the table with such ferocity that it was shaking the silverware, but I couldn't stop it. Mrs. Higgins paused, her fork halfway to her mouth. She looked at my flushed face, my damp hairline, and the way I was gripping the tablecloth as if I were trying to strangle it.

"Bonnie, dear," she said softly. "Are you quite sure you don't need to use the bathroom? You look really uncomfortable."

The room went silent. They were all looking at me. This was my out. I could just say yes. But then I imagined standing up. I imagined walking. I imagined the shame of admitting that I, a grown woman, was not able to control herself. The awkwardness and the impoliteness of having to make them wait for me to have food. “Oh no no! My legs are cramping. Haven’t been able to relax them since I got in the flight.”

"Okay..." Mrs. Higgins said slowly, exchanging a worried glance with her husband.

By 8:00 PM, dinner was finally, mercifully over. I had been holding for twenty-seven hours. I had consumed a smoothie, two teas, three waters, cola, an apple juice, and a glass of lemonade. All of it was bubbling inside my hard, distinct sphere that jutted out up to my navel.

Right then!" Mrs. Higgins dusted her hands off on her apron. "Let's get you settled in, shall we? You must be exhausted."

"Exhausted," I repeated, my voice breathless. "Yes. Tired. Sleepy."

Bursting. Exploding. Dying.

I stood up from the wooden chair. It was a slow, agonizing unfurling. My hips were locked, and as I straightened, the sapphire bodysuit dug into my crotch with renewed vindictiveness. I couldn't stand completely straight; I was permanently hunched forward, cradling the rock-hard basketball that my lower abdomen had become.

"Follow me, love," Mrs. Higgins chirped, leading me up the stairs. I dragged my heavy, sloshing body into the guest room, sweating profusely in the cool hallway, and immediately scanned the walls with wild eyes. Bed. Window. Wardrobe. Door. No bathroom. I had pushed way past my limits, and I HAD to know where the bathrooms were but at the same time, I didn’t want them to think of me as too demanding. So I choked out, "It's... perfect," while pressing my hands firmly into my crotch, covering it with the jacket. I had to resort to to mechanically hold back the flood.

Then Irina appeared, chewing gum, to explain the "situation." The only bathroom upstairs was an ensuite inside her room. My blood ran cold, as she casually explained I just had to knock, open the door, walk past her bed, and use it while she slept. My entire worldview, my entire philosophy of being a "good, low-maintenance guest," shattered. I was being asked to invade her privacy every single time I needed to relieve myself. I would have to open her door, creep past her bed, use her toilet, which would undoubtedly be loud, flush, wash my hands, and creep back out.

I couldn't do it. I physically, mentally, and spiritually could not do it.

"Oh," I said, my voice barely a squeak. "I see. That's... that's fine."

"Are you sure?" Mrs. Higgins asked, looking at my pale face. "It's a bit of a faff, I know. But we're family now! Don't be shy."

"I'm not shy!" I lied, terrified tears pricking the corners of my eyes. "It's no problem at all! I... I rarely go anyway."

"Great!" Irina clapped her hands. "Well, I'm gonna hit the hay. I'm beat. If you need anything, I'm right next door."

They bade me goodnight and now I was alone. I stood in the center of the room, encased in my sapphire torture suit, holding nine hours of liquid, with absolutely nowhere to go. The reality of the next six months crashed down on me. I was trapped. I would never have privacy. I would never be able to just go. Every trip to the bathroom would be a social interaction, a negotiation, a burden on Irina.

Suddenly, a spasm ripped through my bladder, doubling me over. "Nnnnngh!" I fell forward, catching myself on the small desk, my legs trembling violently. The pressure was unimaginable. My bladder was so full it felt hard as a rock. looked at the wall that separated me from Irina. I could hear her in there. I could hear her humming. I could hear drawers opening and closing. I needed to go now. My body was screaming at me to walk out that door, knock on Irina's door, and beg for mercy. Knock? And say what? "Hi, I lied, I'm actually about to wet my pants, please let me use your toilet while you get ready for bed?"

No. I couldn't. I would rather die.

I looked at the clock on the bedside table. 8:15 PM. Irina said they go to sleep around eleven. I had to wait three more hours. Three more hours until the house was silent. Three more hours until I could attempt to sneak into her room without her knowing. I staggered toward the bed and sat down on the edge, keeping my knees pressed together with hydraulic force. You can do this, I whimpered to the empty room, sweat dripping off my nose onto the floral carpet.

Somehow the time passed to 10:00 PM. I couldn't sit. Sitting was torture; it folded my torso and compressed the hard, swollen sphere of my bladder against my ribs. Standing was agony; gravity pulled the heavy weight downward, driving all the pee to the exit. Pace left. Turn. Squeeze. Pace right. Turn. Squeeze. By 10:30 PM, the situation had evolved from "desperate" to "critical." I stood in front of the small mirror above the desk, clutching the edge of the wood for support. Please, I whispered to my reflection, sweat dripping from my nose. Just hold on. Be a good girl.

I waddled to the door, my thighs grinding together. I pressed my ear against the wood. Muffled laughter. Irina was still awake. I cracked the door open a millimeter. A beam of light sliced through the darkness of the hallway. It was coming from under Irina’s door. "No, you hang up!" came Irina's voice, followed by a giggle. She was on the phone. I quietly closed the door and slumped against it, sliding down until I was in a crouch. My knees were up by my chest, my heels digging into the carpet. I jammed the heel of my hand firmly into my crotch, applying brute force to the burning exit.

11:00 PM. They said they went to bed at eleven. I crawled, literally crawled on my hands and knees because walking was too risky, back to the door.

"But did he really say that? O-M-G, no way!" Irina shrieked.

My forehead rested against the doorframe. Please, Irina. Please stop talking. Please go to sleep.

My bladder chose that moment to spasm. It was a violent, twisting cramp that felt like someone was wringing out a wet towel inside me. I let out a high-pitched whine, curling into a ball on the floor, shuddering and writhing to hold back nearly thirty hours of pee. The pressure was throbbing now, a heartbeat in my nether regions that eclipsed all other senses.

11:45 PM. I heard something. The sound that nearly broke me. From the room next door, I heard the creak of a bedspring. Then footsteps. Then a door opening.

The bathroom door.

I froze, my breath catching in my throat. I lay on the floor of my room, my ear pressed to the shared wall.

Click. The bathroom door closed. My imagination filled in the rest with vivid, torturous high definition. I heard the distinct sound of a toilet lid being lifted. Then, the rustle of clothing. And then... the sound.

Psssssssssssssssssshhhhhh. It was muffled by the wall, but to my heightened senses, it sounded like Niagara Falls. It was a long, steady, carefree stream. I buried my face in the carpet, my hands clawing at the rug fibers. A sob tore its way out of my throat. I squeezed my legs together so hard my womanhood began to cramp violently. I was vibrating violently. My body wanted to join in. It needed to join in. As the stream continued, my hips buckled involuntarily. The pressure in my bladder spiked to an excruciating level, the "water balloon" feeling like it was being squeezed by a giant fist.

Flush. Footsteps. The creak of the bed. "Okay, I'm back," Irina said. "Yeah, I was bursting, you know. You know, Bonnie, the girl who has come to stay with us. Dude, she has not gone to the bathroom since she left her home yesterday! Can you believe it?”

She noticed my habit. I felt a sense of pride, but it did nothing to help me. Midnight came and went. I just writhed on the floor, panting, staring at the ceiling. And she was still on the phone. After a while I resumed my pacing, but it was more of a hobble now. I had one hand shoved deep between my legs, clutching the gusset of the suit, physically holding the floodgates shut. The other hand cradled the underside of my belly, supporting the weight.

"Please hang up," I whimpered. "Please."

12:30 AM.

"Okay... yeah... I'm getting tired too," Irina yawned.

My ears perked up. I froze mid-hobble.

"Alright. Love you too. Bye."

Beep.

Silence.

I waited. I held my breath, my heart pounding so hard I could hear it in my ears. I heard the rustle of sheets. I heard a soft cough. Then, Click. The sliver of light under Irina’s door vanished. The hallway went dark.

It was 1:00 AM.

A wave of relief washed over me, so profound it nearly made me lose control right there. The house was asleep. The obstacles were gone. It was just me, the wall, and the bathroom on the other side. I stood in the centre of the dark room, shaking. But the light was out.

I could go. "Finally," I gasped, the word barely audible. "Finally."

The silence of the house was heavy, a blanket of darkness that signalled safety. It was 1:05 AM. The coast was clear. My hands flew behind my back, fingers scrabbling desperately at the laces of the sapphire bodysuit. It was now the only thing standing between me and salvation. But my hands were shaking so violently they felt like foreign objects, and my palms were slick with the cold sweat of pure panic.

"Come on," I mouthed, tears pricking my eyes. "Come on."

The knot at the nape of my neck gave way easily. But the corset lacing down the spine was a complex web of tension. I had to twist my torso to reach the middle section, and every twist sent a jagged bolt of lightning through my pelvis.

Twist. Whimper. Fumble. Grab my crotch.

My fingers slipped on a tight knot. I nearly sobbed. I was doing a frantic, stationary tap dance on the carpet, my knees jogging on the spot. Finally, finally, the tension released. The laces went slack.I grabbed the shoulders of the suit and peeled it down. It clung to my damp skin, resisting every inch of the way. I shimmied, I wiggled, I gasped. As I pushed the fabric past my hips, a terrifying thing happened. Without the brutal compression of the fabric, my bladder had nothing to hold it back. It bounced outward.

I kicked the suit away, leaving it in a crumpled heap. I put on a slip and pulled a thong up. It cut into my hips, the thin strip of fabric disappearing into the deep curve of my rear, offering absolutely zero support to the front. The camisole barely covered the top half of my distended belly, leaving the bottom curve exposed and vulnerable.

I felt naked. I felt heavy. I felt ready. I took a deep breath and crept into the hallway. The floorboards were cool against my bare feet. I navigated the three feet to Irina's door like a ninja, moving in slow motion to prevent the sloshing liquid inside me from creating momentum. I reached the door handle. I visualized the toilet. I visualized the seat. I visualized the release. My sphincter pulsed in anticipation, practically singing with joy.

I gripped the knob. I turned it slowly to the right.

Clunk.

It stopped.

I frowned. I turned it to the left.

Clunk.

It stopped.

My brain stalled. I stared at the brass knob, my hand frozen. It couldn't be. I tried again, putting a little more force into it. The mechanism rattled, but the latch held firm. It was locked. Irina had locked her bedroom door from the inside. Habit? Security? It didn't matter. The result was the same.

I screamed in my mind. The physiological reaction was instantaneous and devastating. My bladder, which had been prepped for a long-awaited relief, was denied again. The sudden denial of the expected relief caused a spasm so violent my vision blurred. I doubled over in the hallway, my forehead resting against the painted wood of the locked door, my hands frantically grinding into my crotch to manually plug the leak that was threatening to drown me.

Please, I squeaked, the sound no louder than a mouse. Please open.

I raised a trembling hand to knock. I just had to knock. Three little raps. Irina would wake up. She’d be groggy. She’d open the door. I’d explain. And say what? "Hi, I'm the freak who held it for over a days and now I'm about to flood your carpet?"

I imagined her face. Confused. Annoyed. Woken up from deep sleep. I couldn't do it. The paralysis of politeness seized me. I couldn't be the guest who banged on doors in the middle of the night because she control her needs.

I lowered my hand. I turned around, tears streaming down my face, and waddled back to my room.

The next six hours were a blur of physical torment. I didn't sleep. I couldn't lie flat. Lying on my back stretched my bladder muscles and pressed the full weight of the bladder onto my spine. Lying on my stomach was physically impossible, it was like trying to lie on a bowling ball. I curled into the fetal position on my side, clutching a pillow between my thighs, squeezing it until the feathers surely turned to dust.

I was back in bed, lying on my back with my knees pulled up to my chest, breathing in shallow, terrified gasps. The morning urine production had kicked in. My kidneys, unaware of the crisis downstream, had processed the night’s metabolic waste and added it to the reservoir. I was full. Beyond full. I was structural damage waiting to happen. I spent the whole night without the slightest sleep.

Then, at 7:15 AM, I heard a sound. Click. The lock on the door next to mine. I froze, my hands gripping the sheets. Footsteps. Light, rhythmic footsteps going down the stairs. Then the front door opening and closing. My phone buzzed on the nightstand. I reached for it with a shaking hand. The screen blinded me.

New Message from Irina: "Morning! I know you'll be asleep but I'm going to the park for a run. Back in an hour. If you need anything call Mom. Xx"

I stared at the text. She was gone. The door was unlocked. The bathroom was empty. I threw the covers off. I didn't care about noise anymore. I didn't care about grace. I rolled out of bed, my feet hitting the floor. I stood up, but I couldn't straighten. I was bent at a ninety-degree angle, clutching my crotch under my swollen, rock-hard belly with both hands.

The bathroom was twenty feet away. But it felt like the final stretch of an ultramarathon run on broken glass. Every step sent a sickening slosh through my system. My bladder felt like I was carrying a bowling ball wrapped in sunburned skin. I pushed open Irina’s bedroom door; prayerfully grateful she hadn’t locked it behind her. I navigated past her unmade bed; my eyes locked on the ensuite door.

There.

The Holy Grail.

I stumbled into the bathroom, kicking the door shut behind me with my heel. I didn't lock it. I didn't have the fine motor skills to manipulate a lock. I faced the toilet. It was pristine, white, and beautiful. My hands were shaking so violently that hooking them into the waistband of my thong took three tries. My fingers were slippery with sweat. When I finally caught the elastic, I peeled them off, gasping as the removal of even that tiny strip of fabric caused my bladder to throb. I turned around, terrified that the motion of sitting would be the catalyst for disaster. I lowered myself. It was a slow, agonizing descent. My quads screamed, trembling under the strain.

Touchdown.

My hips hit the seat. I spread my legs wide, wider than I ever had in my life, because my thighs could no longer accommodate the obstruction between them. My bladder slumped heavily between my legs, a shiny, rock-hard melon that pulsed with its own heartbeat. I supported my body with the walls on both sides. I dug my heels into the bathmat. I curled my toes so hard they looked like claws.

"Okay," I wheezed, my eyes rolling back in my head. "Okay. Go."

I sent the signal. For a terrifying second, nothing happened. My sphincter, traumatized by such a long hold, had forgotten how to open. It held tight, confused by the sudden permission. I pushed. Just a tiny, gentle push.

BANG. The dam didn't just break; it detonated.

A violent, high-pressure jet erupted from me with the force of a fire hydrant. It hit the water in the bowl with a deafening, thunderous roar that echoed off the tiled walls.

PSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!

"OHHHHHHH GODDDDDDD!"

I threw my head back, my mouth falling open in a silent scream of pure, blinding ecstasy. A shudder ripped through my body so powerful it rattled my teeth. My spine arched off the tank, my fingernails scrabbling against the paint of the wall. t was intense. It was aggressive. It was the most incredible feeling in the world. The relief was overwhelming. I could feel the pressure dropping, not gradually, but rapidly, as the pressurized torrent exited my body at mach speed. The sheer volume was staggering. The water in the bowl churned violently, creating a whirlpool of golden foam that threatened to splash back up against me.

My toes curled and uncurled in a rhythmic dance of joy. Sweat broke out instantly across my entire body, my forehead, my neck, my chest, drenching the silk camisole within seconds.

PSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!

It kept going. And going. And going. Ten seconds. Twenty seconds. Thirty seconds. Most people finish peeing in twenty seconds. I was just getting started. I was merely clearing the backlog from the airport. I looked down, unable to look away. I watched as the skin of my stomach began to change. The terrifyingly tight, shiny surface began to slacken. My navel began to sink, retreating slowly, inch by painful inch, back into my pelvis.

Fuuuucccckk I moaned, my voice thick and slurred like I was drunk. I adjusted myself, leaning forward to put more pressure on my bladder, milking the release. The stream got even stronger. It was a solid, continuous cylinder of fluid, powerful and unrelenting.

One minute turned into two. My legs began to shake, the adrenaline crashing out of my system. The room spun slightly. I felt lightheaded, literally deflating like a punctured tire. The agony of keeping all that inside was finally getting replaced with aching emptiness that felt like heaven.

PSSSSSSSSsssssssssshhhhhhhhhhhh.......

The roar finally began to soften. The fire hose became a garden hose. Then a faucet. I let out a long, ragged breath, my chin dropping to my chest. My hair hung in sweaty curtains around my face. I watched the last of the swelling vanish from my bladder. My six-pack abs, hidden for two days under a fluid balloon, began to reappear, softer now, but visible.

Dribble. Dribble. Dribble.

It was over. I sat there for a long time, completely boneless. I felt like I had just run a marathon and won a wrestling match at the same time. My bladder was empty. Actually, truly empty. I reached for the toilet paper, my hand feeling heavy and lethargic. I cleaned myself up, trembling with the aftershocks.

I stood up. My knees were wobbly, but I stood straight. For the first time since leaving home, I could stand fully upright without pain. I placed a hand on my flat, soft stomach. "Good girl," I whispered to myself, a tear of relief tracing a path through the sweat on my cheek. The WC was filled to the brim and smelt of all the things I consumed. I had to wait for a good few minutes before I could flush it. The water swirled away the evidence of my ordeal. I unlocked the door and crept back out into the quiet house, leaving the scene of the crime behind me. I was exhausted, and sore... and had no clue when I would go next.

But I smiled to myself knowing that I could hold it as long as I needed to. I told myself, “Good girls don’t pee!”

The End

*002*2025-12-23 17:17

{{2 hours ago, Normie Fella said:

Holy fuck!!! The details of the amount of drinks consumed alongside the time was just SOOOO hot for me to handle!!! I swear I can read this one phrase again and again and never get tired of it!!! @Rexone_312

You Rock man. YOU. FUCKING. ONE. HELL. OF. A. STORY. WRITER. OF. FUCKING. INCREDIBLE. ROLLER. COASTER!!!

}}

I yearn to read comments like these. This made my day. I cannot describe how much it lifts my mood and motivates me to write and share more. Thank you so much for the appreciation friend!

Also, you would find many more such stories in my profile. Do check them out. You may like them, I feel... 🥹

*004*2025-12-24 02:09

{{2 hours ago, rebeljaffa said:

This is simply one of the greatest pieces I've ever read!!!

}}

Thank you so much for your kind words. It was such a good thing to wake up to. 😁

