Scary stories on trips (Remake)

Author: Rune Vesgina

*000*2020-07-29 03:04

I used to do this fiction, but there were times when I was not good at writing stories or writing stories, and another of my mind hit my shoulder and said " to end. " So I recreated this fiction and changed the story. I hope you enjoy reading it. Thank you.

Today Maria are going to travel to One country in asia . In Maria’s group have the following members

Aria, age 25, Patty, age 24, Alice, age 18, a child in the group And Maria, age 26

The four of us went to the hotel that we had reserved.

But to book a luxurious hotel, it will not be new to us, therefore, to book a hotel in in the countryside

Alice: Is this a hotel where we are staying?

Aria: Yes, we will experience new experiences despite Alice

Patty: Let's go in.

Maria told the hotel staff and our room was 203. In the room it was very spacious. Only four people can sleep, but the bathroom will be outside the hotel. If anyone is urinating, then have to have the room key first.

Maria: Hey, shower room is empty.

Alice: Okay

But Patty brought the candle out

Patty: Everyone, let's tell the ghost story.

Aria: It's fun. I want too.

Maria : Me too.

Warning: Stories based on real locations (some stories)

And some stories may not use true stories please use discretion.

They turned off the remaining room lights but only the candles from Alice lit up.

Patty : I heard from my friends in this country that there is a mystery of the university about the red elevator. The origin of the story comes from the suppression of student protests. Which had been mobilized into that university and some protesters ran away to hide in the elevators of that university building and were shot dead inside that elevator. With the blood of the deceased scattered throughout that elevator. After that incident passed There is a story about students who use this elevator at night. Often encounter strange events such as elevators stopping in floors where no people Met with the passenger who transformed into a blood-soaked body in the blink of an eye Or when the elevator door opens when reaching the target floor Will find images of the chaos that occurred that day

Aria : I heard from my mother that there are four tourists who have got a hotel in my country and that every hotel has been booked, except for one room on the sixth floor.

That group of tourists booked the room and went to rest and prepare for the next day.

Nothing happened before midnight, but after midnight it started with the sound of a chair, with the sound stopped in the middle of the room and the sobbing of the girls and one of the four tourists woke up, not seeing any girl in the room, but he saw a chair in the middle of the room, but everyone was sleeping except him, and for a while the chair slowly shook up more and more and that chair fell down and the sound of a girl torturing her from being strangled That tourist was scared to the point of trembling and for a while the sound became quiet.

That tourist felt surprised and opened their eyes.“ Help me ”That girl appeared in front of that tourist and spoke in an angry voice, and the next day the traveler became ill and after that didn't know what had happened because my mother had only talked about it.

They keep telling ghost stories until a female staff member inspects the tourist's room

She entered our room. She came into our room and Aria invited her to tell a ghost story.

Aria: Can you tell me your ghost story?

Female staff: In the past, this was the folk dancer’s home. She died because of the murder, unable to find the murderer, but the main point is the condition of the body of the dancers. She died in a broken neck. And I have heard that there was a traveler who saw that dancing woman dancing, but her dance looked strange, if she danced to the left, her neck was broken to the left. If she danced to the right, her neck would be broken to the right.but then suddenly she stopped dancing, pointed her finger and charged at the tourist and that traveler then signed out from the hotel

Everyone who listens was frightened.

Female staff: If so then I would like to go back.

And Maria shared ghost stories for a while and then went to bed

During their sleep Aria felt the urge from the bladder to rise and she got up out of bed.

Aria : Arrrr I Want to go to the bathroom

Aria then opened the door to the bathroom. When Aria arrived at the bathroom, a female staff told a ghost story, crossing her legs and knocking on the bathroom door.

Female staff : Uh, sir. Hurry and use the bathroom.

Aria : Uh, staff. What happened?

- hat female staff turned to Aria and still crossed her legs.

Female staff : Seems like someone is going to the bathroom. No matter how much I knocked on the door, he didn't come out at all.

Aria goes to the front of the bathroom door and knocks with her strength.

Aria : Hey,Other people who are waiting to go to the bathroom, do not know? Hurry to finish using.

Still nothing happened

Female staff : What should we do if it continue like this.we probably ...

Area pondered for a moment, as she began to cross her legs.

Aria : Ah, the bathroom here is only one place?

Female staff : If it is another bathroom, it is on the other side of the hotel.

Aria : Let's go there

Aria and the female staff go to the restroom but they can't run because they may leak if they run but while going to the bathroom

AHHHHHHHHHHH!

Aria : The cry is Alice's Voice

Female staff : Let's see what happens to your friends.

Both of them changed the location to the sound that Alice screamed.

Go back to Alice's side. Alice then suddenly got out of bed and woke Maria up.

Maria: What Wrong Alice?

Alice: I need to pee

Maria: Can't you go to the bathroom yourself?

Alice: But I'm afraid the ghost

Maria: ( Ah, I want to piss too ) Okay I will go with you.

Maria takes Alice out of the room and goes to the bathroom, but is another room that Aria had previously taken. Maria took her hand to grasp the door and then turned. The door opened and the atmosphere in the bathroom was so dark. Alice shook more to see that.

And the music played, but there was no radio at all.

Alice : W…..Where does the music come from, Maria?

Maria saw Alice's legs shaking more than ever.

Maria : Alice, are you okay?

Alice : Hey Maria, let's go to use another bathroom. A dark room like this, I don't dare to use it.

Maria : Can you still hold it?

Alice squeezed the thigh and pushed the hand between the leg and nodded.

Maria asked the staff at the counter about the restroom and got the answer that three toilets are on the left and right sides and the second floor. So Maria took Alice to the bathroom on the third floor. Alice stepped forward by squeezing her thighs and walking through the first floor, second floor. Now there is a pair between the second floor and the third floor Alice stopped for a moment and told Maria.

Alice : Ah! M…...Maria, I already leaked.

Maria : What? Alice, be patient. We will go to the bathroom.

Maria took Alice up the first step, the second step, and they both looked up to see a woman on the third floor and looked at Maria. Maria stopped for a moment and attempted to hide from the woman and tried to take Alice up to the third floor.But when Maria and Alice Arriving at the third floor, the woman disappeared. Now that Maria and Alice are in front of the bathroom, Alice squeezes her thighs more tightly and leaks again, and this leak makes Alice's jeans darker. Come a little

Alice : M…...Maria, hurry to open the bathroom. I c….can't hold it any….Ah!

Maria began to squeeze her thighs and take her hands to rotate the bathroom door bolts. but…

Maria : B…...Bathroom door does not open.

Alice squeezed her thighs and leaked more. The dark spots on the jeans widened and tears washed down her cheeks.

Alice : Maria, I can't hold it anymore.

Maria : Wait, Alice. Don't just release it here.

Maria is finding a way not to allow Alice to piss herself but suddenly, women dressed in ancient times were at the hallway where Maria and Alice were.

Maria: A….Alice ……F…….Folk dancer

Maria and Alice turned to look at the hallway. That woman's neck was broken

The electricity on the third floor also has a power failure and there was a sound of music playing in the room without a radio.

Alice: M…..Maria, Where did the music come from?

And the folk dancer danced to the left, his neck broke to the left, and danced to the right, the neck to the right In the same way that the female staff told the Maria, and she slowly teleported to Maria but that is different from that of the female employee was the folk dancer dancing. The neck was torn and fell to the ground, and the face was reserved. Looking at Maria and Alice with angry rage.

Maria / Alice : *SCREAM*

Maria and Alice scream, while they are at the front door of the bathroom. They hugged together and closed their eyes to suppress their fear but after a while, nothing happened to Maria or Alice. And the voices of their friends happened

Aira : Maria Alice, what's going on?

Maria,Alice: Eh?

Female staff : We heard your screams, so come here.

Maria and Alice sob and rush into to hug Aria.

Aria : Hey, what's going on? Maria Alice.

Maria : folk dancer…….folk dancer…...

Maria and Alice haven't recovered from their fears until Aria warns.

Aria : Hey, get it together, Maria,Alice. She is not here anymore

Maria and Alice regained consciousness and stood up and told Aria everything that had happened to them.

Aria : Really? Then we should go to the restroom somewhere else.

Aria and the female staff moved the thighs and pulled Maria and Alice's hands up and a small pool of water appeared. And Alice's jeans and Maria's skirts were wet on the buttocks

Maria,Alice : Ah!

Maria and Alice blushed and held their hands between their legs, but both kept moving their thighs.

Female staff : What happened? Or whether you both still want to pee

Both Maria and Alice nodded and moved their thighs.And the four went to the restroom, and while going downstairs, they saw Patty coming out of the room and crossing her legs back and forth and struggling writhing.

Patty : Arrrr Don't come out now Ah!

Patty walked out and saw Maria walking down from the ground floor.

Patty : You all want to go to the bathroom too?

Maria : That matter first Let's hurry

All five of them went to the other side of the bathroom until the atmosphere remained dark, unlike Maria and Alice arrived in the past. The toilets were three stalls, and all five decided.

Aria : Alice,Maria and staff all three use the bathroom before me and Patty will hold it.

Alice : Ah! Thank you Aria AH!

Female staff : T...Thank you miss Ah!

All three use the bathroom. Aria and Patty continued to cross over their legs more frequently and more frequently and began to tear down their cheeks.

Patty : Hey Alice, Maria and uh….. staff hurry to use the toilet. I'll piss myself.

Aria : Ah, we probably have to pee outside the toilet.

Aria said with her pants getting darker and liquid dripping down the floor, and she rushed out and quickly pulled her pants off but Ariana pulled the pants down causing Aria's underwear and panty to be moist and warm liquid coming out of her vagina

Aria : Haaaaaaaaaaa

The sound of the liquid pouring down the floor and the sound of water droplets in the bathroom made Patty extremely nervous, causing Patti to leak out.Her pants were damp, but she had to hold it until Aria had finished pissing. Eventually, Aria is pee finished. Patti comes out of the bathroom and pulls her pants while Patty is pulling the pants down and the music of the past plays.

Patty : W…...Where does the music come from?

And there was a woman in traditional dress. She danced and approached Patty with laughter. Patty was scared to the point of not being able to move, and her pants began to get wet and ……

PSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHH!

Golden liquid was pouring out of her vagina and down her legs to the floor and Patty collapsed to the ground and screamed out

Patty : AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

Patty was unconscious on the floor and she became shallow again in the bed in the room they had booked.

Aria : Patty, are you okay?

Patty : What happened to me?

Alice : We saw her asleep beside the bathroom, so we took her back to the room.

Patty : Really, I can't wait for you to pee, so I go to piss outside the bathroom and then…..?

Patty Brings Her Hands To touch the back of her pants

Patty : EHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

Female staff : Thank you for using our hotel service.

The female staffer who told the ghost story to Maria heard about signed out the hotel to Maria. She blushing when looking at Aria, , probably because of what happened last night.

Alice : Thank you for the new experience as well.

Maria signed out of the hotel and carried luggage to prepare to travel according to the plan they put

I believe that this experience is an experience that the Maria will never forget.

