Harry Potter and the Unacknowledged Trauma

Author: RidikulusRaven

*000*2017-04-16 14:18

Yeah...in case you guys haven't noticed yet, I'm rather obsessed with Harry Potter. Anyway, this idea just kind of took hold, and I couldn't get it out of my head until I started writing it. It's one of the things that bothers me the most about the series, honestly. Why wasn't Harry more traumatized by what he went through in the fourth and fifth books? I mean, he was an angry SOB in the first part of the fifth book, but that didn't last very long. I know if I'd been through something like that, I wouldn't be able to let it go so easily. Pun not intended. So, without further ado, here is chapter one.

___

On June 25, 1996, Harry Potter awoke in the Hospital Wing to a warm and wet bed. He was still groggy from the effects of the Dreamless Sleep potion he’d been given the night before, so he didn’t immediately realize what condition he was currently in. He kept his eyes closed as he listened to the murmurs from familiar voices surrounding his bed — voices he recognized as belonging to Mrs. Weasley and Sirius. He didn’t yet want to acknowledge his state of awareness, but something finally dawned on him.

He stifled a gasp as he recognized the sensation of emptying his bladder. Yes, Harry Potter was peeing himself in bed, with his godfather and surrogate mother just feet away. He would have clamped down on his muscles to stop what was happening, but he could tell he was nearly finished. Instead, he simply let his pee continue to flow until it slowed to a trickle and finally stopped.

What baffled him the most, though, was why he had just wet the bed. With his eyes still closed, and the voices around him still murmuring, he thought back to the time he had spent sleeping.

And he remembered everything. Apparently the potion hadn’t fulfilled its promise of a dreamless sleep. As Harry’s pajamas and bedding cooled down, he shuddered both from the chill and from remembering the nightmare he had awoken from.

“Kill the spare.” The high, cold voice echoed through his head again.

His eyes flew open. He had relived the horrible moments when Cedric Diggory was murdered, followed by the aftermath of Voldemort’s resurrection. Harry hadn’t shown it much in the cemetery, but he had been more scared last night than he could ever remember feeling. He only fought through it in an attempt to stay alive. But now that he was lying still, with no adrenaline rushing through his veins to preoccupy him, all he could do was think about the truly awful things he’d been through in the last day.

Harry must have made some kind of noise, for Mrs. Weasley and Sirius both turned to him with looks of deep concern on their faces. Harry pulled the blankets higher, pretending that he was cold in order to hide his accident from them.

“How are you feeling, Harry dear?” Mrs. Weasley asked.

“I’ve been better,” he admitted with a wry grin, thinking only of how very wet he was in that moment.

“Harry, stop,” Sirius said in a low voice. “Don’t put on a front for our sakes.”

He gulped and nodded. “Truthfully, I’d kind of like to be alone for a little while.” He didn’t mention why.

Sirius and Mrs. Weasley both frowned, but obligingly stood up and left the Hospital Wing. Once the door had swung shut behind them, Harry peered intently over at the place where the real Alastor Moody was resting. After detecting no movement from behind the curtains, he scrambled out of his clammy bedthings.

It was a bloody miracle that neither adult had noticed what happened. His pajama bottoms were soaked through. The sheets were practically transparent they were so wet, with the mattress faring no better beneath. The blanket also had a sizeable wet spot right about where his crotch was when he was laying down.

A mortifying thought occurred to him then: what if they had noticed, but were too polite to say anything? But he figured Mrs. Weasley would have come up with some excuse to stay and baby him if she suspected anything.

He relaxed a bit until something else crossed his mind. Merlin’s saggy left tit, he didn’t know any spells that could clean up this mess! How was he supposed to explain it away?

With his cheeks growing redder by the second, a very soggy Harry Potter walked over to Madam Pomfrey’s office. He knocked quietly, looking at his bare feet in shame while he waited for her to open the door.

When she did, he heard her cluck her tongue in sympathy before murmuring something indistinct. A warm feeling — rather like that of a Muggle blowdryer in use — rushed over him from head to toe. Almost as quickly as his pajamas had become wet, they were now dry and neatly pressed.

“You’re not the first, dear,” Madam Pomfrey said softly. “Dreamless Sleep often has this side effect because it makes the drinker sleep so deeply that they aren’t aware of their body’s needs. Don’t fret; it’s easily taken care of.”

Harry huffed in relief. He hadn’t wet the bed because of a nightmare, then. It was the potion that caused it to happen. He immediately determined to stay far away from any more Dreamless Sleep potion. He wasn’t too keen on this happening again.

____

Harry was released from the Hospital Wing 24 hours after he’d first been admitted, and he spent the rest of the day wandering the halls aimlessly. Ron and Hermione tried to follow him, but he didn’t want their company. He managed to duck into a secret passage they didn’t know about, and they hadn’t bothered him since. What Harry didn’t expect was to bump into his godfather in that secret passage. Sirius, in his Animagus form, tilted his head and whined softly at him.

After that, Harry allowed Sirius to accompany him in his wanderings. They shared a solemn but companionable silence. Harry kept his left hand firmly embedded in the soft fur of Sirius’s neck; it provided him a sense of comfort that nothing else had since he’d returned from the graveyard. He returned to Gryffindor tower that evening and began packing his things, still stuck in a melancholy funk. It seemed like he’d never break out of the dark place he’d fallen into, but at that point, he didn’t really care if he did or not.

The next night was the annual Leaving Feast. Most of the students were subdued, and the chatter in the Great Hall was muffled. Harry sat between Ron and Hermione, moodily staring at the food on his plate but not eating anything. He only turned his attention to something else when Dumbledore stood up and began his speech. To say Harry was surprised that Dumbledore told them the story of how Cedric died would be a massive understatement. He clenched his teeth and stared at his goblet of pumpkin juice, fighting the feeling of hysteria that was threatening to overtake him. All he wanted was to escape the stares and whispers that were aimed his way.

He was relieved beyond words when the students were excused to bed. He was the first one out of the Great Hall, and he sprinted the entire way back to his dormitory. Tears were streaming down his face, and he didn’t want anyone to see him like that. Once he reached his bed, he yanked the curtains shut and curled up in the fetal position beneath his duvet.

A few minutes later, he heard Ron enter the room.

“Harry?”

“Go away,” Harry muttered.

“I’m here if you need to talk,” Ron persisted. “Hermione’s worried too, just so you know.”

Harry rolled over, refusing to respond to his best friend. Soon enough, he had drifted off to sleep.

He had yet another nightmare about Cedric’s death, likely brought on by Dumbledore discussing it at length at dinner. He sat straight up in bed with a muffled yell and realized almost immediately that he was peeing again. He buried his face in his hands miserably, too distraught over the fact that he was wetting the bed again to try and stop said occurrence.

He’d never be able to hide this accident. He hadn’t bothered to ask Madam Pomfrey for that spell, because he’d been sure that he wouldn’t have the problem again. But now that he had—or rather, was still having—he didn’t know what he would do.

He sat there in his expanding puddle of pee, feeling helpless and despondent. He was going to have to admit to someone what was happening. Wetting the bed clearly wasn’t going to be a one-off like he’d initially believed.

Harry’s cooling pee was soaking into his mattress before it even occurred to him how normal messes at Hogwarts were cleaned up. He straightened up, then whispered as loud as he dared for Dobby to come to his aid.

A loud crack! announced the house-elf’s arrival. “What can Dobby do for Harry Potter?” the elf asked in a quiet but squeaky voice.

“Er, Dobby, I seem to have…” Harry trailed off, too embarrassed to continue. Instead he simply gestured at his lap, which was just as thoroughly drenched as the first time he’d wet himself.

“Dobby understands, sir. Dobby is happy to help Harry Potter.”

“Dobby, don’t tell anyone, please?” Harry begged. “I don’t want anyone to know what happened.”

Dobby nodded. “Dobby will not say a word to anyone.”

Harry sighed in relief again as his favorite little house-elf began to clean up the mess. Wordlessly, Dobby indicated that he should get out of bed. He did so, and stood beside his bed, dripping pee onto the floor and shivering uncontrollably. Dobby removed the sheets and bedspread, then snapped his fingers. The soiled bedding disappeared. Dobby snapped his fingers again, and Harry's mattress was instantly dried. With a final snap of his fingers, Dobby had remade the bed. Harry noticed almost immediately that a fresh pair of pajamas were lying on his pillow.

"Thank you Dobby," he whispered. "Don't know what I'd have done without you."

The house-elf smiled brightly. "Dobby thinks Harry Potter should take a bath to help him relax. Dobby thinks that it will help Harry Potter feel better."

Harry nodded. "Yeah, I will. Thanks again."

He gathered up his clean pajamas and briefs then made his way to the en suite bathroom. He turned the shower on full heat, then stripped off his pajamas. As he climbed into the shower, he saw his wet clothes disappear — likely Dobby's doing. Harry smiled softly at Dobby's help, then sighed miserably. He was going to have to figure out a way to handle his new bedwetting problem when he was back at the Dursleys, for they surely would be merciless if they ever found out.

*002*2017-04-17 03:23

Ah! I'm so glad you liked it! I'm working on the next chapter, so it should be up soon, probably tomorrow sometime. <3

*003*2017-04-17 19:21

Chapter Two:

OoOoOoOoO

The next afternoon, Harry was sequestered inside a compartment on the Hogwarts Express with Ron and Hermione. He had just been to see the Weasley twins and had given them his winnings from the Triwizard Tournament. Godric knew he didn’t want the money (nor did he need it), and Cedric’s parents refused to take it, so he thought Fred and George deserved to have it instead.

But once he got back to his compartment and sat down, exhaustion set in. After his accident last night, he hadn’t been able to fall back to sleep. He was actually kind of afraid to. What if he had that same nightmare and wet the bed again? He didn’t think he could bear the shame of calling for Dobby twice in one night.

Harry bought a bunch of sugary treats from the trolley when it came around, but the candy was doing nothing to help him stay awake. He yawned constantly and felt the urge to rub his eyes like he was a toddler fighting nap-time. But he was fourteen, for Merlin’s sake, and he could bloody well act like it! He wouldn’t fall asleep, and he certainly wouldn’t wet himself in front of his friends.

“Harry, you look awful,” Hermione said gently. “You really should get some rest.”

“I’m fine,” he responded gruffly. “Don’t want to sleep.”

Hermione pursed her lips. “Well, why not?”

“Just because, Hermione. Please drop it.” Harry turned his head to look out the window.

The compartment lapsed back into a sad, tense silence. Harry continued to watch the scenery flash past the window, lost in thought. And before he knew it, he was nodding off.

“Kill the spare.”

“Avada Kedavra!”

Harry stared into Cedric’s open, lifeless eyes. Everything had happened so fast; how would he explain this to everyone when he got back?

He was heaved roughly to his feet by a short, squat man, and promptly dragged over to a tombstone. The man shoved him against it, then conjured ropes from his wand that tied Harry to it so tightly that he could hardly breathe. At one point, though, as the man hit him in the struggle, he realized who was hidden under the cloak: Wormtail.

“You!” Harry gasped in fury.

Wormtail ignored Harry and stuffed a cloth into his mouth so that he could not speak. Wormtail then resumed his task. A few moments later, he pushed a giant cauldron into the space in front of Harry.

A bright flash of green light blinded him, and suddenly a tall man stood before him where the cauldron had once been.

“Robe me.”

Wormtail scurried forward and helped the man into a robe. The man turned his head and stared straight at Harry—the horrifying red eyes were the only thing Harry needed to see to know who this man was, though he had known it from the moment he recognized Wormtail. Lord Voldemort was back from the dead.

The green light flashed again, and Harry had been released from his bindings. He stood across a small circle of space from Voldemort, clutching his wand desperately.

“You have been taught how to duel, Harry Potter?”

Harry gulped.

“We bow to each other, Harry.”

A heavy, invisible force pressed Harry into a bowed position against his will. He glared at Voldemort as the weight was lifted, but didn’t say anything—for what could he say?

“Crucio!”

Harry banged his head against the window as he jolted back to awareness. He raised a hand to the throbbing bruise on his scalp, and it was then that he realized that he was peeing his pants. For the briefest moment, he simply allowed himself to pee the way he had the previous two times he wet the bed. It almost felt like comfort.

But then he realized what he was doing.

He clenched his muscles tightly and managed to stop the flow. Carefully, glanced at his lap to examine the damage he had done to his jeans. He sighed in relief; though he felt positively drenched, there wasn’t a visible wet spot on his lap. He sat up a little straighter, then realized that all of his pee had pooled in the seat of his trousers. Well, at least he’d be able to hide that for now. He would just have to stay in his seat for the rest of the ride home and hope that his jeans dried before he had to get off the train. He didn’t know what he’d say if they were still wet, but he had several hours still to come up with an excuse.

“Harry, are you all right?” Hermione asked.

He slowly nodded. “Nightmare.”

Her face scrunched in sympathy. “I’m sorry; I should’ve known.”

“It’s okay,” he muttered.

“Do you want to talk about it?” Ron asked.

Harry shook his head, a dull expression on his face. “Even a Dreamless Sleep potion didn’t stop the nightmares. I don’t think talking about them will, either.”

“Wish you could come straight to my place this summer,” Ron lamented.

“I wish there was some sort of news about You-Know-Who,” Hermione added.

“I wish I could sleep again,” Harry complained.

“You win, mate,” Ron said with a small grin.

The three friends burst into laughter. There were two sides to Ron, really: the side that could lighten even the darkest of moods with a well-timed joke, and the side that could create dark tension at the drop of a hat.

Harry soon relaxed, nearly forgetting about his wet pants. The only thing that prevented it from leaving his mind entirely was the fact that his arse was beginning to chafe against the material. Wet jeans were extremely uncomfortable. After an hour or so of sitting there like that, he could hardly sit still with the discomfort he was feeling.

Maybe I could just pee a little more to warm myself up, he thought. As he contemplated this, he even began to relax his bladder in preparation.

He started and clenched his muscles again when he realized what it was he had just considered doing. Harry Potter was many things, but he was not a pants-wetter on purpose. He took a deep breath, because he knew he needed to ask Hermione if she knew that cleaning spell.

“‘Mione, are there any cleaning spells in our textbooks?”

She frowned at him. “Of course, Harry. Why do you ask?”

“Just curious, I guess,” he mumbled, shrugging.

“Okay,” she said slowly, clearly suspicious of him. “Well, there’s Scourgify, which is the most commonly used one, although it only works on solids. Tergeo is the spell to clean spilled liquids.”

Harry nodded, pretending to be very interested. “I didn’t realize there were so many.”

“Yeah. There are dozens of them, but those are the two we learn while in school. The other spells sanitize things more, and are only really used at St. Mungo’s.” She turned her head to look out the window.

Harry gulped, worried that he was pushing his luck, but still asked, “Do you know any of those spells?”

Hermione turned and fixed him with a stern glare. “I know you’re not just curious, Harry. Why are you suddenly so interested in learning cleaning spells?”

“I — er — I was thinking maybe I could use them when the Dursleys ask me to clean the house, so I could get it done faster,” he lied, thinking quickly.

“Harry, you know you can’t do that,” she chastised. “Underage magic is against the law, and you don’t need to be getting yourself into trouble like that.”

“I suppose you’re right,” he said dejectedly. He was glad she had bought his cover story, though.

Ron, who had been staring oddly at Harry since the conversation had begun, finally cleared his throat. “Are you sure nothing’s wrong?” he asked carefully. “Something seems a bit off about you right now.”

“I’m fine!” Harry snapped. Though he had briefly considered confiding in his friends about his problem, he really didn’t want them to know. They would be disgusted with him.

“Okay, I’m sorry,” Ron said, holding his hands up in surrender. “I didn’t mean to make you mad.”

Harry sighed. “No, I’m sorry. I’m not mad; at least, not at you guys. Everything just feels so off.”

“I wish there was something I could do to help,” Hermione said softly.

“Same,” Ron agreed.

“Thanks.”

Once again, they stopped talking. Harry began shivering from the chill of his wet trousers. The urge to re-wet them just a little bit returned once more, but this time, he indulged the tiniest bit. He relaxed his bladder and peed slowly for five seconds — long enough to warm up his jeans, but not so long that he would get a wet spot on his crotch. He sighed as his hot urine soaked through his briefs and warmed him up. It felt so good that he almost let himself do it again. But he realized that if he did, it was quite possible that pee would start running over the edge of the seat; that would be a dead giveaway. Besides, they were nearly to King’s Cross. He’d just have to convince his friends that he needed a moment alone before leaving the train, and then he’d quickly change his briefs and pants. Yes, that was what he would have to do, else he risk everyone in school and all of their parents finding out that he was apparently a pants-wetting baby.

And because Hermione wouldn’t share those cleaning spells with him, he knew he was going to have to find another way to deal with his nighttime wettings once he was back with the Dursleys.

*005*2017-04-18 16:54

Oh, thank you! I'm working on another chapter right now! :D

*007*2017-04-18 18:12

Thank you! <3

*008*2017-04-18 18:33

First of all, I know a few events are out of order here. There wasn't much other choice. Also, events of the upcoming summer will be similar, but mostly different from the books. Also on purpose. Lastly, I hated writing Draco as the villain here. Even though he's a total git, I love him, and writing mean things about him hurt my soul. You may now proceed. XD

OoOoOoOoOoO

Chapter Three

OoOoOoOoOoO

About half an hour before they were due to arrive at Platform 9 ¾, Draco Malfoy and his stupid thugs dropped by to pay a visit. Hermione had just finished telling Harry and Ron about how she caught Rita Skeeter when the compartment door slid open.

“Very clever, Granger,” Malfoy sneered. “So you caught some pathetic reporter, and Potter’s Dumbledore’s favorite boy again. Big deal.”

Harry, Ron, and Hermione stayed silent, glaring at Malfoy.

He smirked maliciously at them. “Trying not to think about it, are we?” he gloated. “Trying to pretend it hasn’t happened?”

For a second, Harry thought Malfoy was referring to when he’d peed his pants having that nightmare. But he quickly realized that the wannabe Death Eater was talking about Voldemort and Cedric Diggory’s death. He continued to scowl at his arch nemesis.

“You’ve picked the losing side, Potter!” Malfoy said angrily. “I warned you! I told you you ought to choose your company more carefully, remember? When we met on the train, first day at Hogwarts? I told you not to hang around with riffraff like this!” He pointed at Ron and Hermione. “Too late now, Potter! They’ll be the first to go, now the Dark Lord’s back! Mudbloods and Muggle-lovers first! Well — second — Diggory was the f — “

As soon as Malfoy uttered Cedric’s name, Harry jumped to his feet, completely forgetting about his wet pants. “Furnunculus!” he roared.

Simultaneously, Ron and Hermione had also stood up and cast their own curses. Harry looked around after all of the spells had sizzled down. Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were unconscious in the doorway of the compartment. Fred and George stood just beyond them in the corridor.

“Thought we’d see what those three were up to,” Fred announced, using Goyle as a doormat and entering the compartment.

“Interesting effect,” George added, stepping hard on Malfoy’s crotch as he, too, came inside. “Who used the Furnunculus Curse?”

“Me,” Harry admitted.

“Odd,” George said aloofly. “I used Jelly-Legs. Looks as though those two shouldn’t be mixed. He seems to have sprouted little tentacles all over his face. Well, let’s not leave them here. They don’t add much to the decor.”

Ron and George each started shoving one of the unconscious boys out of the compartment and into the corridor. Harry was worried about following suit, having suddenly remembered his wet jeans. He subtly reached his hand back and felt his backside. Wet, but feeling somewhat dry. Harry carefully moved forward to kick Malfoy out of the compartment as well, making sure to be done quicker than the other two boys and returning to his seat as fast as possible. He looked around at his friends, and was relieved to see that none of them were looking at him strangely. He knew they would be if they had noticed anything awry. The group settled in and began playing Exploding Snap. Soon the small space was filled with laughter, and the rest of the journey passed by rather quickly.

The Hogwarts Express pulled into the station precisely at 8 PM. Fred and George had excused themselves a few minutes ago to fetch their belongings, so as the brakes squealed and the train slowed, the trio were left alone in the compartment. When it finally shuddered to a stop, Ron and Hermione immediately began making sure all of their belongings were collected, then hauled their trunks off of the luggage racks. They both stopped and looked at Harry when they realized he wasn’t moving to do the same.

“Harry? Are you coming?” Hermione asked.

He nodded. “You guys go ahead, though. I need a minute alone before I face the Dursleys.”

“Don’t stay here too long, mate,” Ron cautioned. “Don’t want the train to take you back to Hogwarts.”

Harry smirked at him. “Maybe that wouldn’t be so bad.”

His friends left the compartment chuckling — struggling to move past Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle — and closed the door behind them. Harry immediately leapt to his feet and rushed to the door to pull the blind down. For what he was about to do, he wanted no witnesses, especially Malfoy and his goons. He couldn’t bear to think about what might happen if they were to wake while he was...busy. As soon as he was sure he was relatively alone, Harry sat back in his seat. Over the last 20 minutes, he had developed an ever-growing need to piss. He had ultimately decided he’d just wet himself the rest of the way since he was already halfway there.

He leaned over, groaning at the pressure this put on his bladder, and removed his socks and shoes. He put them on the seat across from him, then sat up straight and relaxed. Pee quickly re-wet his briefs; this time, the fabric wicked even more of the moisture until Harry could feel the wetness at his waistband. His jeans were even easier to soak. In fact, they became saturated so quickly that his pee arced out of his pants in a forceful stream. Harry hadn’t a clue he could pee so much.

His jeans grew wetter with each passing second, and soon he was drenched to his knees. He was glad he’d had the foresight to remove his shoes and socks, for the pee was now streaming down his calves and dripping off of his ankles onto the floor. Harry felt like he peed for another minute before his stream finally slowed. He pushed the last few spurts out, then sat there panting for a moment. He was glad he no longer needed to piss, but he was even more disgusted at himself for what he had just done.

Harry shuddered in horror before getting back to his feet. There was pee everywhere! He had left what he dubbed a small lake in his seat, and his pants were still dripping copious amounts of urine on the floor. There was nothing to be done about it, he determined. And because he was still on the train, the magic couldn’t be linked to him, so he hurriedly fished his wand out of his trunk.

“Tergeo,” he said firmly, waving his wand randomly.

Nothing happened.

Harry suspected that this was because he didn’t know the wand movement to accompany the spell. He sighed. He was just going to have to clean up the old fashioned way and hope nobody noticed the leftovers. He hauled his trunk off the luggage rack and opened it up. He tossed his wand back inside, then fished out a clean pair of jeans and briefs. Once he’d set those aside with his socks and shoes, Harry peeled off his wet clothing and used them as best he could to soak up the puddle in his seat.

When that still wasn’t enough, he pulled out an old jumper he’d inherited from Dudley and cleaned up the rest. He used one of the sleeves that was still dry to dry himself off. He hated the lingering smell of pee on his body, but still pulled on his clean clothes and shoes. He wrapped his drenched pants, briefs, and jumper inside of his winter cloak to keep them from leaking all over the rest of his belongings, then shut the lid. He locked it for good measure, just in case anyone tried to get in it.

Then he dragged his trunk out of the compartment, sighing in relief when he saw Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle still unconscious in the corridor. He made sure to run Malfoy over with his trunk as he exited the train.

“There you are,” Mrs. Weasley said loudly when she spotted him. “Is everything all right? Where were you?”

“I’m fine, Mrs. Weasley,” Harry replied. On a whim, he decided to tell the truth. “I just needed to use the bathroom.” Well, part of the truth, anyway.

“Oh, good. I was so worried,” she huffed in relief. “I don’t know how I’m supposed to let you out of my sight after what happened, dear.”

He smiled sadly. “I’ll write every day, I promise.”

“I suppose that will have to do for now,” Mrs. Weasley acquiesced. “But I will be writing to Dumbledore until he lets you come stay with us. I do think he will let you come to us later in the summer.”

“I appreciate that, Mrs. Weasley.”

“Well, I suppose it’s time to say our goodbyes, isn’t it?” she added, somewhat tearful.

“See you, Harry,” Ron said, placing a comforting hand on his shoulder.

“Bye, Harry,” Hermione said, giving him a quick kiss on the cheek.

“Harry — thanks,” George murmured in his ear. Fred was nodding enthusiastically on Harry’s other side.

Harry grinned at his delighted friends, glad that his prize money was able to do some good. Then he turned and strode through the barrier with his friends right behind him. Uncle Vernon was waiting — sulking — closer to platform 8 than where Harry stood. With a final wave to his friends, Harry followed his uncle to the car.

Throughout the long ride back to Privet Drive, Harry worried and wondered about how he would handle his newfound problem. First, and most important, he would never again pee his pants on purpose like he had back on the train. That simply wasn’t worth it. But beyond that, he was at a loss. Maybe he would have to try to use magic anyway, hoping that he didn’t get caught. Either way, he’d figure it out. And it was still worth hoping that he might not wet the bed anymore, fragile though that hope may be.
