Going in front of Each Other

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-12-27 14:22

Kelsey and Jo were two hot high school seniors, 18 years old (Kelsey almost 19 since she was born a year before) and they laid across their pool seats, gazing up to the sky. It was a hot day as they sat by their pool. A few family friends over. Jo and Kelsey were sisters. They had gone to the bathroom in front of each other before, but this would something else. So,etching more graphic and humiliating than either had ever scene in their young pretty little lives.

Kelsey was a red head. Her whole athletic body tan as hell and nails painted black. They matched her black two piece swimsuit that stretched over her huge boobs. She slept peacefully on her chair next to her sister Jo. Jo was a tall, athletic dirty blonde with a tan body, and a bit of an Italian accent. Her suit was a two piece but a mixture of blue and white. They both had belly button rings that were just put in. They wore their hair down and all over the place across their shoulders.

"I love the sun today," said Kelsey.

"Me too," said Jo. She guzzled down her third bottle of water and tossed it to the side.

Kelsey had barely finished her first bottle. But she did chow down some of the zealously delicious bacon strips from the grill their dad made and popped on a plate. He was kind of a strict man. He believed discipline taught responsibility but mostly how to be powerful as well. Oh, of all days. Of ALL days that could not be worst for these young ladies.

Kelsey's belly growled loudly. She clenched it as a pressure of unbelievable proportions started to fill it oh so fast. "Errrgh," she moaned. It expanded just a tiny bit, and he long legs clenched together tight. Crossing at the ankles.

After a little while longer Kelsey could not stop squirming from the pain. She felt her belly expanded as it grew and grew inside and she held her cheeks tight. She started to breath heavy, taking gasps through her mouth and nose. She closed her eyes and started to shake.

"Ok...um," said Kelsey. "Ill be right back!"

Just like that Kelsey ran like crazy up the porch stairs, through the screen door, and then ran up the stairs of their home. Each step aching her belly more and more making she gag.m she stopped halfway and then fell to her knees. She pulled with all her strength as she felt her Bowles and intestines burning like fire. Sizzling and making her unable to take it much longer. She stepped and stepped until someone grabbed her ankle and brought her down. It was Jo!

"Hey!" Kelsey yelled.

"Out of the way I'm gonna BLOW!" Jo said running past her, legs tight,meet shuffling, holding her crotch, already releasing a spurt in front of her sister.

They both fought around each other as they tried to reach the house one bathroom. Pushing each other into walls, pulling hairs, they both even got caught in the doorway at one time. Caught in the doorways, trying to break through. Kelsey jumped onto Jos back as they ran, still fighting for their panties survival.

Then...they reached the bathroom door...and saw the horror: an occupied bathroom with a line!

"NOOOOOOO!" They both yelled in terror through their tears. They shook unable to stop themselves as the pressure was building up so bad.

"Oooooohh," Jo complained. "My bladder is going to pop." Her legs twisted over each other up to the crotch trying to prevent the load from exploding out of her in its yellow liquid blasting form.

Kelsey stood up straight and got behind Jo and the three other squirming girls. Kelsey kept her legs closed and butt cheeks squeezed tight as her arms clamped to her sides and made fists. Her lips curved and eyes waters as the burning pain of the poo in her system ate away at her intestines and confidence.

They waited. Those two poor girls waited and waited and waited. There was one person left in front of them before they would be next at the door. The girl in front of them was a white girl and kind of tan. Kelsey and Jo bounced in torment doing a potty dance that was wrecking their bodies and confidence. Finally the other girl went in, and Kelsey and Jo waited. They both slouched over and could not stop moving. Jos eyes opened up wide and watered as she felt a slight leakage from the bottom of her panties. She was going to the bathroom in her pants right in front if Kesley!

At long last that other girl finally left the bathroom and Jo started to run in, motioning side to side BUT Kelsey grabbed her. Kesley could not wait any longer either and pushed past Jo to make it to the toilet and say in it, pulling her panties down waiting for release.Kelsey clamped her feet to the side of the toilet as her poo shot out of her like cannonballs of fire, and Jo pulled on Kelsey's hands. Kelsey went in the toilet, Jo in her panties, they were going in front of each other and tears shot from their eyes of the humiliation.

"OH MY GOD!" A woman screamed for, behind them. They turned around and saw a bunch of neighbors who came upstairs after hearing the struggle. Some covers their eyes, others laughed, and the two girls on the toilet cried.

THE END

