Ashley’s birthday

Author: Redboi

*000*2021-04-16 21:58

In honor of my 19th birthday I have a special gift to you readers. I never have read nor written about someone wetting on their birthday, but I love to break barriers as much as the next guy so, without further ado, Ashley’s birthday wetting. (Enjoy and happy day after Jackie Robinson day!)

Ashley sat up in her bed and rubbed her eyes. This was it. The day she had been waiting for for the last 364 days: her 18th birthday. It was a special day indeed in that she finally would get to be a full fledged adult, although Ashley had a dirty little childhood secret no one knew. She loved to pee herself; in any way, shape, or form she could. Anyplace and anywhere she found a way without anyone knowing the difference. She had a stack of black yoga pants in her wetting stash of clothes specifically for accidents. She knew though today she would get her wish after the party. She could only attempt to contain her excitement as she consumed what felt like pounds of water before the party in hopes for a record breaking wetting. Little did she know her little plan would fall way out of hand.

She invited all of her friends to the party and dressed herself in a blue blouse and skirt combo. She combed down her beautiful brunette locks and made her way downstairs to the smiling faces of her friends and family. She felt twinges of her bladder while she walked down the staircase. To her ever growing delight she felt the pressure quickly increase as she sat down and began the party.

Thirty minutes into the party and that delight and pleasure Ashley was feeling was turning into an ever growing concern. The party was still an hour longer and she was filling up fast. She had to hold it though in fear of wasting a prime wetting opportunity on her birthday. She tried to take it off her mind but instead her friends offered her drinks in concern that she didn’t feel well. To prove that she did Ashley knew she had to intake more fluids. In return her bladder retracted by sending numerous waves of pain to her crotch and sent Ashley into a spiral.

They only had the cake to go. Ashley knew this as the candles were set up in a tediously slow time as she started to dance in her seat. She knew she couldn’t hold it any longer and she was going to explode in her chair if this lasted any longer. The people around the room started singing. Ashley started peeing. The force had become too much for her poor bladder as instantly a rocket of pee shot out from her bladder and onto her chair. The singing stopped as all eyes fell to the seat of the chair where a forming puddle was being made. Ashley was stuck in an imbalance between mortification and pure ecstasy as she laid her head back in her chair. She decided that she would just let it all go here and emptied herself for the next 3 minutes when she finished she looked around the table. Everyone stared wide eyed at her. She blew out her candles and smiled. “Anyone want some cake?”

Thanks for reading and I hope this inspires some people to go out there and wet on their birthday. It’s a great way to celebrate getting older!

