Day of EXTREME Desperation (reprinted from literotica)

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-04-24 13:18

REPOST from a story I published on Literotica (no sex, all clean...just a mention of a love scene)

Her name was Lily. There was a day when she had to use the bathroom and tinkle worse than anyone else ever, and tried very hard to find a proper place to go. The question (and story) is did she make it, or have an accident?

Lily awoke that morning and had gotten up out of bed to start her day. She picked up a copy of her Morning To-Do List. It had several things on it which included to brush her teeth, use the toilet, shower, eat breakfast, and make sure her backpack was filled for her college classes that day. She was 21, a college student with big boobs, medium hips and legs, and soft brown hair.

She went downstairs to get breakfast and placed her list on the counter. Her brother was there and was about to go grab the last bagel, but Lily saw him coming and grabbed it first. She bit into it and smiled.

"Sorry dude," Lily said. "You lose."

Her brother Brad had a red face from his anger.

"You'll pay for that!" he said.

"Yeah, yeah," she laughed.

Brad saw her list on the counter. He knew how strict she was about every detail of it and made a change. He crossed off "having breakfast," and "use the toilet." Lily had her eyes on the newspaper on the table.

After her shower, Lily saw she just had to make sure she was ready to go to school. The twenty-one-year-old thought to herself, Hmm, I don't remember using the toilet. My bladder still feels like it had a night without taking a pee. However, she realized her list was never wrong, so she did not use the toilet and left in her car.

Lily had on tight, short shorts that were black and made for the gym. She wore a muscle top that was pink, with black poke-a-dots, and black flip flops. The sun shined in the summer morning as she drank from her water bottle. She got to school and walked up to the main building. She went to a small college. Her bladder had a hard pinch, it made her knees twitch inward. She felt the urgent need to urinate, and she knew it was at the point of needing to find a bathroom fast.

"Wow, dang!" Lily said to herself. "I have to PEE! So, bad!" She ran inside and went straight to the women's restroom. Little did she know that inside Professor Patter and the janitor lady from Mexico had locked themselves inside and were making sweet, sweet, foreign love. Lily grabbed the handle and pulled. She pulled again harder, then knocked. "Hey! Can you please hurry up; I NEED to get in there?" No response (voices anyways).

Lily walked away as her need became more desperate. Her legs walked towards the center, and her hips went back and forth. A worried expression appeared on her face. She almost lost in when her friend Abby pulled her on the arm out of nowhere.

"What the?" Lily said.

Abby said, "Hey Lily. We have the assembly to get to, so come on."

"I really have to find a bathroom first Abby. I don't know what happened, but I might have checked off the wrong spot on my list this morning. I have to go!"

Abby said, "Lily, you're twenty-one, a fully-grown woman. You can hold it. Come on!" She pulled Lily towards the auditorium and Lily knew she might be in bigger trouble than she anticipated.

Lily sat in the seat the next hour surrounded by others in the auditorium. Her arms were crossed across her stomach. One hand was up to her mouth as she bit her nails. Her body flinched up and down, with her legs spread wide open. "I feel like I'm going to give birth," she mumbled to herself. Her stomach felt like a huge pressure was about to burst out through the skin. She got up and was pulled back down by Abby. She was told to wait until the end.

After the assembly, Lily ran out through the doors fast. She sprinted down the hall to the next bathroom. "Damn!" she yelled. A line of desperate girls was stretched out of it. Lily stumbled from foot to foot as if she would fall over. Her eyes filled with water. Just then, she felt the leak from her crotch. She grabbed herself down there and decided she had to leave early. The two ladies room were inaccessible and she had to GO!

She went out to her car and saw it being towed. She had parked in front of the hydrant...again. She ran as fast as she could in flip flops, having stopped several times to grab her crotch again and stop the leaking. She got to the town diner and ran inside.

She made it to the back where the bathrooms were. Both rooms were one toilet bathrooms. Only one person at a time could use them. Both were occupied. Lily danced up and down with her hands between her legs. She bit her bottom lip. Lily had reached her limit; her bladder was exploding with a lake off urine inside of her. She had not wet her pants since she was two. TWO. Almost twenty years later, she could not let it happen. She would not have an accident. She twisted her legs across each other and was standing on her toes. She crouched down while her hands were on her crotch. Sweat beat off her head. Tears bled from her eyes. Then, it got worse.

Joey, her crush from math class who had asked her for coffee yesterday was here. He walked up to her.

"Lily, hey," Joey said, through his muscular face. "Are you ok?"

Lily shook. "I...I...I got...gotta." She had to go so bad she could barely see. But the sound of Joey's sexy Texas voice, made her "more wet" in that area. Her being horny did not help the situation. "J...Joey. Pl...Please..."

Joey looked confused. The women's room opened. Excitement went through Lily. But an old lady walked up looking desperate.

She begged. "Dear, I'm sorry but may I please go in. I can't wait at my age."

Lily was about to reject her as it felt like a bowling ball was coming out of her belly. She could feel the liquid breaking through her floodgate.

Lily tried to speak, "I'm sor...sorry. But-."

"Of course miss, go ahead," Joey said. The old lady rushed in and shut the door, locked. Lily's jaw dropped. She squealed and could hear the emergency alarm in her bladder. RED ALERT. RED ALERT. Joey asked, "Lily, you-."

But then she saw the men's room door open and turned around. There was a person in a black hoodie and clown mask. He roared and made Lily jump. The roar got the attention of the whole diner who looked back and saw the three people. Lily screeched from the shock.

Then, Lily screamed, "Oh no..." She grabbed her crotch, but too late. "NO PLEASE! THERE'S STILL TIME! PLEASE NO, NOOOOOO!" Her floodgates opened and pee poured out of her like a waterfall. It streamed down her legs and all over the floor so much, a puddle half an inch deep filled the diner. People laughed, screamed, left, and as it poured Lily ran out crying. She had an accident, and her favorite spot in town found it.

The guy in the black hood and mask pulled it off; it was Brad, smiling.

The end.

