The Saturday Club - Part Four

Author: Roger Ireland

*000*2020-05-22 10:08

Part Four

They arrived in Berlin’s Tegel airport at 6.25 p.m. that evening local time and got a taxi to their hotel. On the way to the hotel they agreed to stay in the hotel for dinner that night as they were all a little tired and it was the first night any of them would be sleeping together, Peter with Sian and Don with Heather. They were all actually quite excited at the prospect and not a little nervous but desperately trying not to show it. After they had checked in and got the luggage in the rooms they all met in the bar for a drink while they ordered dinner. While Don and Peter were at the bar ordering drinks Sian said to Heather, ‘how do you feel about sleeping with Don tonight?’

‘You know what?’ Said Sian, ‘I feel like I’ve known him for ever, so much has happened in the last couple of months and he is always kind and understanding. I think that’s what I like about older men, they are much more laid back because they have seen more of life. I really couldn’t cope with a young 20 year old full of testosterone, having to prove himself every ten minutes.’ Sian said, ‘I’m glad because I have always liked Don as a boss and a friend now and I would love to see you two happy. To hell with the age difference, enjoy! I can’t wait to get Peter into bed, I just want to have fun with him and wake up beside him, I need him inside me so that I can feel secure again. Harvey turned out to be a wrong choice. I think I have known it for a while but his cruelty a couple of weeks ago brought it home to me. I’m well rid of him.’

Peter and Don came back with the drinks and they chatted comfortably together all through dinner. At about 10.00 Peter said, ‘well, I for one am tired and I’m going to bed soon.’ Sian said, ‘that’s my cue’, and winked secretly at Heather who smiled but said nothing. They all said their good nights and went to their separate rooms Peter had booked four rooms in case anyone in the office happened to see something about the reservations and questioned them but they only used two.

Peter and Sian were barely through the bedroom door before Sian’s dress fell to the floor and she stood just inside the door stark naked, a perfectly trimmed bush, nipples erect in expectation and a smile on her face. Peter’s face showed a wide smile, he always liked to see her naked like that and he was already starting to show his excitement through his trousers. Sian went into the en-suite and leaving the door open removed her makeup, had a quick wash and cleaned her teeth before peeing noisily in the toilet bowl. When Peter went to go in Sian warned him, ‘no peeing ok?’ He put up a token resistance but acquiesced easily enough. By the time he re-entered the main bedroom Sian had remade the bed using a large plastic sheet with two of the hotel’s bath towels on top. She stood beside the bed with an inviting smile and said, ‘which side would you prefer?’

In a room down the corridor Don was putting a night-time nappy on Heather. ‘Do you mind if I have my dummy Don,’ Heather asked. ‘It helps me go to sleep’. They had agreed that a night together with Heather in a nappy and Don naked beside her would suit their desires. In the early morning then, when Heather woke up in a wet nappy Don was going to spank her and they would make love in the half light of dawn. They got into bed, turned out the light and Heather lay facing Don who smiled at her and said, ‘you have no idea how happy this makes me Heather, There’s so much about you that I love and want.’ Heather pulled him closer to her and reaching round behind him she smacked his bottom a couple of times but gently and then lay still with her hand on his bare bottom. They fell asleep like that not too long afterwards.

Sian was in bed before Peter, who had chosen the left side of the bed. They were both naked and Sian pulled Peter closer to her then, after a few minutes, pulled him on top of her face down. She hugged him tightly and whispered into his neck, ‘You don’t need to be patient anymore’. She felt him physically relax as he accepted her body close and naked at last together.

Sian wriggled down the bed a little until she could feel his, now firm, dick nestling in her bush and then said, ‘I want to feel you pee on my bush right now’. Peter took a few moments to relax and then began gently peeing on her. Sian felt a warmth spreading slowly over her bush and pudenda as Peter started. She felt a slow trickle across her vulva, tickling her clitoris as it went, her thighs felt warm and slippery as his pee reached further. She struggled to lift her bum slightly off the towels and felt a warmth spreading quickly between the cheeks of her bum and under her buttocks as the warm pee pooled slightly before soaking into the towels.

She reached down and, grasping his dick, she eased him inside her fanny, wet now from inside and out. Peter, who had had difficulty finishing his pee due to a rising erection, mumbled that he hadn’t finished. Sian said, ‘don’t worry, you will’. She lifted herself as much as she could as he thrust into her with long awaited enthusiasm and before long Sian climaxed strongly, gripping his dick hard as she did. Peter loved the feeling of tightness and came in a moment.

Sian held him as he tried to roll over off her and said, ‘wait a minute, leave him inside me I want to feel him relax too’. As his erection subsided Peter felt the need to pee again and told Sian. She said, ‘just let it happen I don’t mind’. So he relaxed again and felt his dick getting wet as he peed inside Sian, She felt it dribbling out of her and between her buttocks again. Soon afterwards they turned and Sian hugged Peter’s back. Just as he was falling asleep Peter felt Sian gently take hold of his dick and that is how they fell asleep.

At about 6 in the morning Heather woke Don with a kiss and said, ‘Don, I’m soaked. It must be that I drank too much last night.’ Don sat up and smiled at her and said, ‘you know what? It doesn’t matter at all, I’m going to change you.’ He lay her down flat on her back, took her nappy off and dropped it folded on the floor.

He turned her over onto her face and smacked her bottom firmly but kindly and said, ‘I’m not sure whether I’m smacking you for drinking too much or because you have wet yourself but you are getting it anyway.’ Heather squirmed and squealed until he stopped then she said, ‘Don, it’s time, I want you now!’ Don was more than ready and pulling her into the centre of the bed, moved on top of her and entered her wet pussy easily. They made love strongly and with abandon for quite a while until both were exhausted. Heather said, ‘move carefully, I want you to stay inside me so they carefully moved, almost as one, until they were lying face to face with Don still inside her, She smiled at him, kissed him and immediately fell asleep.

It was 10 a.m before anyone was downstairs for breakfast. Heather and Sian exchanged a hug and a few whispers, both had smiles on their faces. The men were looking a little smug and anyone who took any Interest in them at all would easily have guessed what the night had held. Fortunately there were only a few guests around it was so late in the morning.

The Messe Exhibition Hall was a short taxi ride from their hotel and they were through the ticket and entry process by 11.30. Although none of them, even Heather, were naïve, the sights that greeted them with all types of erotica on display was like nothing they had experienced before. Peter suggested that they meet around 1 o’clock at the catering area in the centre of the hall for lunch unless they met up by chance before and with that agreed they went, hand in hand as couples and were soon lost in the crowd as they looked at different stands.

Heather loved the AB stands, there were terry nappies, disposables, Diaper pails, adult sized feeding bottles, Dummies and other pacifiers in all sizes and colours, romper suits, all-in-ones and even adult sized high chairs, playpens, playmats, the displays went on and on. For Don it was the Corporal Punishment scene although some of the items were a bit too far for his taste – many bordered on and even crept into the sado-masochistic displays so that the division between the two was blurred at the edges. Nonetheless he enjoyed what he saw and came away with a couple of ‘mild’ whips made of material not leather and a riding crop all items discreetly wrapped so as to disguise the true contents of the parcel. He particularly enjoyed ‘Fur’n’Feather and even looked in on Lok’n’Chain.

Peter found the Wet-Set stand and spent ages talking to them, even chatting to a few of the visitors to the stand. Sian enjoyed watching him excited at the prospect of mixing with people who enjoyed wetting and even posed for a photo with one of the girls on the stand who was clearly showing off a pair of peed jeans she had on. Sian, who was wearing jeans asked if they could take a photo of her and the Wet-set model from the back and when she turned round for the photographer Peter saw that she had a modest wet patch on her bum where she had peed for him. The photo cost Peter 20 Euros but he didn’t care it was a great souvenir he said and told a laughing Sian it was unfinished business. Sian liked most of what she saw and was amazed at how open it all was but then she supposed, it was a major European sex exhibition. It made her want to be more daring and a plan began hatching in her mind.

When they met up for lunch they all excitedly told each other what they had seen and enjoyed. Heather displayed her new dummies and a few very feminine rompers. Don showed his purchases and the talk around the lunch table was very animated and when Peter showed them his prize photo Sian got a round of applause from the others. She loved the attention and decided to discuss her plan with them. She said, ‘you know how I love being naked in the office, how I just love the daring feelings of the chance of being caught. I suppose it’s a sort of exhibitionism but I’ve always felt like this and even at school I would sometimes contrive to show my knickers to the boys in the school yard.

This exhibition has made me feel more confident and if you remember even on the way here I was wearing no underwear on the journey, well, I want to be more daring so I’m going to wear a short skirt tomorrow when we go into town, so short you will see my knickers if I bend down or the wind blows. Would you be ok with that Peter?’ Peter said immediately, ‘yes sure, I love it, I think it’s the naughtiness again isn’t it?’ Heather said, ‘I’ll join you, I’ll wear a short skirt with a thin nappy so that it will be possible to see I’m wearing a nappy anytime I bend down at all.’ Don said, ‘I like the sound of that, I think Peter and I will love watching you going up escalators or stairs, things like that. I’m looking forward to tomorrow and we haven’t even finished today yet.’

They spent the rest of the day at the exhibition then went back to the hotel tired, excited and somewhat sated in that their sexual senses had been mildly assaulted but in the best possible way. They went out for dinner and returned to the hotel for a last drink and bed. They were all much more confident with their respective partners and although Peter asked Sian to wear knickers to bed and wet them for him and Heather went to bed naked to better enjoy Don’s body, the night was similar to their first night. They all awoke the next morning happy and looking forward to a day of daring exploits.

Sian wore a pleated, emerald green, mini skirt and heather wore a nearly full mini skirt with a discreet but visible nappy. They asked directions to the town centre from the reception desk and took a tram as directed to the centre of Berlin. The Berlin Cathedral was in the centre and the magnificence of it drew them all. After that they took an hour long sightseeing bus tour around the highlights of the city. They were on the open top of the bus and it was nearly full of visitors to the city so when Sian stood up for a better look half the bus passengers saw her pale green knickers every time she moved. Sian was clearly enjoying every minute.

Heather, in the row behind also stood up now and then treating the passengers to a view of her disposable nappy. Don was logging all of her behaviour to justify her punishment that night back at the hotel. At the end of the tour the bus driver stood at the bottom of the stairs as the passengers went down and he saw up Sian’s miniskirt with a view of her knickers, she smiled at him as she stepped off the bottom step. He could hardly believe his eyes when he saw Heather next with her nappy showing for all to see, she also smiled at him and put her finger to her lips to keep her secret and winked. The driver winked back and smiled back.

Next they visited the famous Checkpoint Charlie, former crossing point from east to west, preserved for posterity but now in freedom. They stopped near Checkpoint Charlie for some lunch and sat in the window where Sian managed to show her knickers to several young guys passing by. Anyone looking in the window could clearly see that Heather was wearing a nappy because her skirt just wasn’t long enough to go under her bum. When they finished lunch the girls went to the ladies and a few minutes later when they returned to the table Sian handed Peter a small green bundle in her hand and said, ‘Peter, would you put these in your pocket for me please?’ Peter took the bundle and as he felt it his eyes widened and he discreetly showed the others saying, ‘She’s wet her knickers.’ Sian laughed and said, ‘yes and now I’m out and about in Berlin with no knickers at all.’ Heather said, ‘wow Sian, good one, I love it.’

They took a taxi next to see the Berlin Wall memorial, part of the original wall preserved for visitors to see. As Heather got into the taxi she hesitated for a moment and several people clearly saw her nappy under the short skirt. As Sian entered the taxi several passers by saw her bare bum and she didn’t pull down her skirt at all when she sat down in the taxi so the taxi driver got an eyeful when he turned round for a moment, her skirt didn’t quite cover her bush and it was clear she was wearing no underwear. They spent a little time looking at the Berlin Wall memorial and went into the visitor centre to read the displays Etc. When they tried to go into the Chapel of Reconciliation which is also on the same site, the security guard asked them to leave.

He pointed to the girl’s very short skirts and said something like ‘unangermessen’ which baffled them but another visitor standing nearby translated for them and explained that the security man was telling them that the revealing skirts were ‘inappropriate’ for the Chapel. A little shamefacedly they apologised to the security man, thanked him and left. The sombre mood occasioned by that exchange didn’t last long because they all agreed that the guard was right and they hadn’t thought about, or intended, offending anyone.

A taxi ride took them back into the centre where they strolled along Unter den Linden enjoying the bustle of the pavement cafes. At one point Heather said, ‘sorry folks but I my nappy is getting quite heavy, I’ve wet it twice since lunch. It will fall down if I don’t take it off.’ She stood between a delivery van and one of the trees and discreetly slipped it down her legs to the floor, picked it up and dumped it in a nearby rubbish bin. Don said, ‘That has to be worth a smack.’

‘Ok,’ Said Heather cheekily, ‘but do it now over that bench’, and she pointed to a slatted bench under the trees. Don sat on the bench and she stood by his side, Don looked around quickly and saw no one nearby so, pulling her down over his knee, delivered two sound smacks to her bare bottom. Heather squealed a little and a young couple walking by just caught a glimpse of the last smack and Heather standing up, her bare bum still visible before her skirt fell back into place. The couple looked at each other then smiled and the girl waved to Heather who immediately waved back.

Sian said, ‘I’m bursting for a pee can we go now, I haven’t had the chance to wet a nappy like Heather, I’m getting desperate.’ Peter, a mischievous look in his eye said, Why don’t you stand here and just do it down your legs, you have no knickers on after all, I dare you.’ Sian looked at him and said, ‘alright, why not? But I dare you to sit there and wet while I do and you will have to go back to the hotel with a wet patch.’ Don and Heather egged him on so he finally agreed. They made a strange sight, Sian standing with pee running down her legs in rivulets and snaking round her legs as it went into a puddle and Peter sitting on the bench in the centre of Berlin casually wetting his pants.

They walked a bit more but the afternoon was getting a little chilly and they decided to go back to the hotel. They found a taxi rank and, hiding Peter among them so that his wet pants didn’t show, they managed to get back to the hotel without discovery. Don and Heather went to their room and Don gently lay Heather across the bed, lifted her skirt and spanked her bare bottom giving her a couple of stripes with his new riding crop at the end. Heather squealed delightfully at that and went to admire the two slightly red stripes in the mirror. As soon as Peter and Sian got inside the door of their room Sian grabbed Peter’s trousers and yanked them down around his ankles, put her hands inside his shorts and felt his wet bum. Her dress fell from her shoulders as if by magic and she said to Peter, ’have me, have me now while I can still smell the pee.’

They had agreed to meet in the bar for a drink before setting off to look for a restaurant for dinner but once they had their drinks Sian said, ‘why don’t we stay here for dinner, it was nice the other night and I’m exhausted I don’t know about you folks.’ The rest agreed readily as if they were pleased someone had suggested it. Don said, ‘I have been thinking about a proposition I want to put to you all. It concerns how things will work out after we get back.’ They looked at him a little apprehensively but he quickly said, ‘nothing serious. I’ll tell you over dinner.’

The waiter had already taken their orders so they were soon called to their table in the dining room. ‘OK,’ said Peter, ‘keep us in suspense no longer what have got in mind?’ Don said, ‘hear me out before you say anything and let’s see if you all agree. I have to admit that my relationship with Heather was a bit frustrating before we came here but now I feel as if it has become more real and I for one don’t want to go back to the way it was in the UK so, if she will accept, I want Heather to move into my house in Orchard Crescent so that we can spend more time together. Heather smiled and blushed at the same time and made to say something but Don stopped her and said, ‘there’s more, hold on a minute.’ You Sian, have nothing to go back to except living with your mum and you, Peter bid your wife ‘auf wiedersehen’ as I recall so I can see you needing to move out if you are to have any peace while the divorce solicitors earn their money.

Why don’t you and Sian move in with me as well? Heaven knows there is enough room, the place has six bedrooms. I managed to keep the house after the divorce by the skin of my teeth but I hardly ever go in some of the rooms, it’s a huge Victorian place as you know Peter, there is room for us all to have our own rooms if you want or share as you wish.’ I think we get along very well and although I’m sure there will be the odd crossed word now and then, two dogs in the yard, two cats in the kitchen syndrome, but I can’t see that causing much grief. As for privacy that’s always available when someone needs it but we are hardly shy around each other, Nudity, wet knickers, nappies and a spanking here and there is nothing to us.’ They all laughed at that.

‘If you like the idea we should take time when we get back to bash out a simple strategy for how it will all work and we should talk about a separate Bank account we can each pay an agreed sum into so as to keep the pace afloat, Heather, that would be your baby of course.’ I’ve talked enough’, he said, ‘now it’s your turn.’ He smiled at Heather who stood up and threw her arms around him and said, ‘I can think of nothing I would like more, it will upset my mum a bit but hey I’m 23 for God’s sake. ‘It’s a ‘YES’ from me, even if I do have to keep the housekeeping in check.’

Sian had tears in her eyes as she said, ‘Don, that’s the kindest thing anyone has ever done for me, and as for Peter, he had better agree or I’ll pay you to spank him so hard he wets himself and cries for mercy.’ Peter had a serious look on his face as he said, ‘I agree with Sian it is extremely kind of you but, with the utmost respect, it’s easy to plan something like that when we are all so happy but what if you miss the quiet house and it doesn’t go quite as we expect?’ Don sad, ‘I can’t imagine any other three people I would rather be with, you are all so generous spirited and kind, not to mention open minded and daring. I could spend a lifetime looking for three friends like you, I would rather spend a lifetime enjoying friends like you. Sian was in tears again and Heather’s eyes shone with love as she looked at Don. Peter shook Don by the hand and with a slight choke said, ‘thank you Don, thank you.’

They attended their own stand at the trade exhibition the next day and flew the company flag. Then flew home the next day. It was strange going back to the office where all their respective cars were. Heather said to Don, ‘I’ll be round by 8 o’clock and gave him a long hard kiss. Sian said to Peter, ‘come back to mum’s with me for tonight, she is away until the week-end visiting my aunt and it has to be the easiest thing.’ He put up no resistance at all.

###

The concluding part - Part Five - comes with a video !

© Roger Ireland 2020

*002*2020-05-23 09:34

Hi Melificentfan,

Thank you, I enjoy writing them and if I find it exciting when I read the finished thing through I feel happy posting it.

Stay wet'n'hapy,

Roger.

*004*2020-06-09 18:04

Hi Wedgeantilles,

Glad you enjoyed the first four parts. I have just uploaded the concluding part, hope it meets expectations.

Stay wet'n'happy

Roger.

*006*2020-06-09 22:42

Many thanks for that RNSL81, Part 5 uploaded earlier today - hope you enjoy it.

Roger.

