Traffic embarrassment

Author: Rune Vesgina

*000*2020-07-17 13:32

Layla is going to work part time in the city She got in the car and drove on the main road.

Since it is a main road, traffic is therefore quite congested.

After 10 minutes, the car on the road that Layla traveled has no sign of going forward, and the heat from her car because her car's air conditioner is broken. make Layla open a bottle of cold water and drink to cool the body

After that, 15 minutes had passed. The car moved not far from where Layla used to be and now she wants to go to the bathroom a little. During her stay at home, she forgot to go to the bathroom before going out. But She can still just ignore it

After 10 minutes, her car is now in front of the traffic light, but once again, the heat from her car caused her to open a bottle of cold water and drink again.

And she successfully ran through the crossroads, but she felt more like going to the bathroom, but she is still far from her workplace.

She started to move her thighs uneasy and began to look for a nearby gas station or bathroom, but there was none.

After 5 minutes, the Layla couldn't find a toilet nearby. Now, she pushed one hand into the vagina and squeezed her thighs tightly. Another 20, she will be late for work, and she will not go to the bathroom until Lunch break.

After 15 minutes, she has arrived at her place of work and has a gas station on the opposite side, but if she goes now it will be a lot of time. So she thought of being the office bathroom

She goes to work and rushes to the bathroom, but her colleagues say that

‘ Oh, Layla. The toilet is now clogged until the repair staff will fix it for another 2-3 hours. ’

Layla couldn't accept the bathroom now and she entered the dressing room and wore the staff uniform, ready to work.

She didn't concentrate on the job. She moved from foot to foot until the client noticed the unusual behavior of vava, therefore asked.

‘ Um, are you alright? ’

' i'm ok ' Layla responded by still moving her feet.

Lunch break

Lily, Layla's best friend, invited her to eat outside.

Right now, the bathroom is still not being repaired. Lila therefore has to eat with Lily. She has to go out and think of using the restroom from the restaurant.

The traffic is jam no different from the morning Layla has crossed her legs all the time since she took Lily's car.

‘ Layla, are you okay? ’ Lily asks Lila, but Lily's appearance looks strange.

‘ I’m…...I'm fine ’

‘ Are you sure? ’

‘ Yes i'm Okay ’ Lila replied Lily with her hands still between her legs.

20 minutes passed, the traffic was still the same, and Lily started talking.

‘ The car doesn't move at all. Layla ’ But Layla noticed that Lily looked strange.

‘ Lily, Are you okay. ’

‘ Arrrr, actually, I haven't been to the bathroom since I went to work today. ’ And Lily doesn't endure anymore She quickly took one hand between the legs and squeezed the thighs.

‘ Layla, do you have some empty bottles? ’ Lily asks Layla. Her legs began to tremble stronger.

‘ I didn't bring it, I drank it and I left it in the car. ’

‘ So bad So bad So bad ’ Lily is anxious and finds something that can help her to pee.

But nothing can help her

But the heavens have not abandoned The traffic jams lasted for more than 20 minutes, finally moving.Finally, the Lily people arrive at the restaurant that she brought Layla for service. They hurried out of the car and rushed to the bathroom. But alas, the bathroom they wanted just started cleaning. They can't wait that long. So they hurried to order food to take home. They crossed their legs while waiting for the food. The sound of the water from the tap made them anxiously, and then the food they ordered was finished.

Lily rushed to pick up the food, pay and hurried to get back to work without waiting for the change

Now the traffic is back to jam again, Layla squeezing her legs tightly. And Lily leaned his head against the steering wheel

‘ Oh,it too bad ’ Layla spoke while she bit a tooth.

But Lily didn't respond. Layla then turned to look at Lily and noticed that the golden liquid was pouring in her cushion and pants.

‘ I can't hold it anymore ’ Lily spoke as her tears flowed through her cheeks.

Leyla tried everything, including contracting the sphincter muscles, squeezing the thighs and putting her hands between the legs and filling the vagina to prevent pee in Lily's car.

The traffic is still jam, but it's noticeably less than on the way to restaurants.

But now Lila is tighter. Layla leaked. She felt the moisture of the pants right now.

And Layla is not far from the workplace and right now

Lily drives to her place of work.Layla hastens to get out of the car, but she must suddenly stop and a warm fluid runs down Layla's legs.

‘ No no Stop! ’

Her body no longer listened to her orders. The only thing her body is doing right now is to pee out.

‘ I’m Sorry Lily ’

One of Leila's feet was now soaking, and Pee entered slightly into Lily's car. Her pants are wet, but because they are black, it's hard to notice. And both went to work and saw their colleagues standing in front of the bathroom that was fixed

‘ How long do I have to wait? ’ Female coworker speaking while standing, one thigh is squeezing the vagina.

‘ AH! It leaked. I'll piss myself. ’ Another youngest colleague at work spoke out while her legs began to relax.

‘ Don't just pee out now. Otherwise, we would. ’ She is not a colleague but she is our manager because the office has only one bathroom. Therefore, all employees must use this bathroom, not even our manager.

‘ I'm sorry, Miss . But I can't hold it anymore. ’ Then there was warm water coming out. This colleague made the senior and manager uncomfortable immediately when them saw the liquid flow out.

‘ I also have to apologize to you too, miss .But it's coming out now. Ahhhhh! ’ And the seniors pee out in front of the manager The manager is now more anxious, putting both hands in her vagina and squeezing her thighs more tightly than before.

‘ E…...Excuse me, how long will it take to finish fixing the toilet? ’ The manager asked the plumber while she was squatting and squeezing her own thighs.

‘ Fixing the toilets here is quite difficult. Should be about an hour ’

‘ H…..Hour!.I couldn't wait for that time. ’ The manager probably thinks that if this continues, she will absolutely piss herself after her staff.The manager then looked for a place where she could pee, and she looked at the counter and then she ran to the back of the counter to go to pee, but her pee had already slipped from her vagina.The manager then slapped her skirt up but didn't pull her underwear and stockings down, probably because she didn't have time to pull it down and she peeed out through her underwear and stockings.

‘ Haaaaaaaaa ’ The manager seemed to be relieved and the manager told us that

‘ Today you can go home. I closed the shop one day. ’ And we all got in the car and returned home, I got in the car and took off all my bottom clothes until I saw my vagina And put the clothes on the driver's side cushion

Got home Layla then put the wet pants in the laundry basket and into the room and rest.

