Discovery and Desperation - A DDLC Story

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2022-11-28 04:40

Hey all! It's been a hot minute since I posted here, but I have some commissions to share in the next couple of days, and this is one of them! It was commissioned by the same client as my first DDLC story (this one:)

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed2345019661" scrolling="no" style="height:208px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/77163-an-unexpected-challenge-at-the-slumber-party-a-ddlc-story?do=embed"

And is a direct continuation of that one. This one doesn't have any messing in it, though (aside from a brief mention of what happened in the last story), and it does get a bit more spicy! I hope you all enjoy!

Discovery and Desperation

Yuri found herself standing in Sayori’s bathroom, mind foggy as she tried to make sense of the situation. Her skintight pajama pants felt gross and sticky against her legs, and she could still feel an uncomfortable amount of dampness soaked into her panties from her accident. Thankfully, her sweater had been spared, but she still nervously tugged up at the hem to keep it away from any of the wet spots on her bottoms.

As if on autopilot, Yuri blankly removed her clothes, holding out her wet bottoms and panties with disgust as she placed them on the floor in the corner. She’d have to ask Sayori where to put them later. Actually, she wasn’t even sure what she’d wear, considering she hadn’t brought any extra clothes.

Standing there completely naked, Yuri looked down, feeling gross and ashamed. She couldn’t remember the last time she wet herself, but certainly it had to have been when she was a child. There had been a few times she had been forced to hold it, especially in class. As a very quiet, anxious individual, Yuri found it hard to raise her hand to ask to be excused. However, she never let herself get nearly as desperate as she had tonight, and she didn’t think she’d ever outright wet herself.

The memory of her accident once again flooded to the front of Yuri’s mind. The feeling of hot liquid streaming down her legs, the immediate stickiness of her pants, quickly soaking with urine, clinging to her legs. The feeling of liquid pooling in her panties for the briefest of moments before soaking straight through them and streaming down, the sound of splashing and the feeling of the puddle soaking her feet as she stood there, helpless to stop it. Yuri just wanted to rinse it all away.

“Hey Yuri.”

Yuri nearly jumped and whirled around, turning to face the source of the voice. It was Monika. She was standing in the doorway of the bathroom, looking at her with a concerned expression. She was naked much like Yuri, but made no attempt to cover herself, and neither did Yuri.

“How are you holding up?” she asked, though the concern on her face and in her voice made it sound like she already had some idea of how Yuri was doing.

Yuri herself didn’t answer, merely looking away, rubbing one of her arms with the other.

“We all wound up wetting ourselves, and some of us even made a bit of a mess, too,” Monika mentioned.

Yuri looked surprised, not only because she had no idea what had happened after running off to the bathroom, but also because Monika had included herself in making a mess as well. Yuri hadn’t even realized she was holding both like Sayori had been.

“I just feel so disgusted with myself,” Yuri admitted, “I still can’t believe I wet myself.”

“It’s alright, Yuri,” Monika smiled knowingly, “It was a bit unexpected, and I don’t think any of us could predict this is how we’d spend the night, but it’s only natural that if you hold it in for too long, I guess you just get to a point where you can’t hold it anymore.”

“Y-yeah,” Yuri nodded, but it was clear she was still uncomfortable with the idea, “Still, why did we even do this? I feel so foolish having agreed to such a ridiculous game. We were supposed to have fun tonight with everyone…”

“Well, I guess it was an impromptu thing, and we all kind of agreed to it before you did. You didn’t like the idea, but since we’d all said yes, you felt pressured into agreeing to it too, right?”

“Y-yeah,” Yuri nodded. It was scary how well Monika could echo her thought process sometimes.

“We all wound up struggling a bunch,” Monika continued, getting closer. She was now right behind Yuri, and she wrapped her arms around Yuri’s shoulders. Yuri, being taller, found herself naturally lowering herself so Monika could reach her, “And it’s less embarrassing since no one wound up making it to the bathroom on time.”

“That’s true,” Yuri admitted, though she didn’t sound very convinced.

“I’m sorry we all kind of just went along with this silly idea. I’m sorry you wound up really disliking it, Yuri. Next time, I’ll keep the others in check, and make sure something like this doesn’t happen again.”

Something about the way Monika said that struck Yuri as odd. She couldn’t quite put her finger on it. Perhaps it was her singling out Yuri as having disliked the experience. Did that mean Monika herself had fun? Yuri couldn’t fathom that. Not only had Monika wet herself, but she wound up soiling herself too. The very idea repulsed Yuri to the core.

“Besides, didn’t the relief feel absolutely heavenly?”

Suddenly, a hand groped Yuri’s breast from behind, and Yuri let out an eep of surprise. She turned back to look at Monika, who was looking back at her with a teasing gaze. She could feel another hand snake down, brushing and teasing at the inside of Yuri’s thighs. Yuri, still feeling dirty, bit her lip and reached down to Monika’s hand.

“W-w-what are you doing?” Yuri blushed.

“Oh, come now, admit it, you enjoyed it. You’re rejecting the idea psychologically because we’re taught that wetting yourself is something dirty, but in truth, you haven’t been able to get that feeling of a struggle, followed by that absolute relief,” Monika pointed out, “I’m right, aren’t I?”

Yuri wanted to refuse, to say no, but something was stopping her. She knew it wasn’t true, she was sure it wasn’t true, but her voice caught in her throat and all she could do was lean back into Monika. She loosened her grip on Monika’s hand, and Monika continued caressing her thighs.

“Come on, Yuri, admit it, give into it,” Monika smiled, continuing to tease her. Yuri found herself helpless to Monika’s teasing. Her words, her touch, the sensation of her body pressed up against Yuri’s back. Yuri wanted to feel disgusted in herself, she should be feeling disgusted by her previous accident, but all she could feel now was arousal.

Suddenly, Yuri’s eyes shot open, and she found herself lying in her bed, staring up at her ceiling. She let out a tired groan and rolled over, rubbing sleep from her eyes and grabbing her phone to check the time. It was an hour before she normally woke up to get ready for school.

Before Yuri could process her dream or lay back down, she winced, feeling a wave of pressure from her abdomen. Naturally overnight, her bladder had filled up, and perhaps it was because of her dream, but it was feeling uncomfortably full. Yuri pulled herself to her feet and headed to the bathroom.

She got there and let out a sigh as she sat down on the toilet, enjoying the sensation of relief as she got her stream started and began relieving herself. She watched blankly as she emptied her bladder properly, into the toilet bowl, and her mind returned to her dream.

It had started out as a memory. Monika had sought her out after everyone had their accidents, and had comforted her in much the same way, although of course neither of them had been naked, and Monika hugging her from behind, touching her, and teasing her about enjoying wetting herself had been a total fabrication of Yuri’s unconscious mind.

Now that Yuri was more cognizant, she could refute Dream Monika’s words more clearly. Of course Yuri had felt disgusted wetting herself, of course she couldn’t ever enjoy something like that. In fact, Yuri had resolved never to wet herself again after that day. She was so determined to never experience that humiliation again that she had even taken to training up her ability to hold it. Three school days had passed since that disastrous slumber party weekend, and Yuri had gone from barely making it past lunch without her usual midday bathroom break, to being able to make it through to the second-to-last class before rushing off to the bathroom. Today at school she planned on pushing herself through her last class without peeing. If she could do that, then she could be reasonably certain when she returned to normal peeing habits, she’d never have to worry about wetting herself again.

Yuri finished up peeing and wiped herself, feeling herself quiver as she ran her fingers against her bare crotch. She was tempted to touch herself right then and there, but she felt like giving into it now would be like admitting that Dream Monika was right. That she was a pervert who enjoyed holding it in and wetting herself. Yuri shook her head and ignored her arousal, trying to push the sensations to the back of her mind as she washed her hands and returned to bed.

Thankfully, Yuri’s dream did not return, and she was able to get another hour of sleep before she had to pull herself out of bed. She fixed up a quick breakfast and focused on getting ready for school. She brushed her hair, dressed herself in the usual uniform, and grabbed everything she would need for her classes for the day.

Before she left, Yuri took care to grab a thermos of hot tea and a large bottle of water to keep her hydrated throughout the day. At Literature Club, she could fix herself some fresh hot tea, but for lunch she had to rely on her trusty thermos. Luckily, it did a reasonable job keeping the tea warm enough to enjoy. Her water bottle would keep her hydrated between classes, and she had taken to using a larger bottle so she wouldn’t be tempted by the restrooms as she walked by to refill it throughout the day, now that she was training herself to hold it.

Now that she was ready, Yuri headed out the door, and made her way to school.

The day went by quickly today for Yuri. As expected, she made it to lunch relatively comfortably. She didn’t like eating much at school, especially since she often found herself eating alone, so she had simply snacked on a rice ball from the school store and read in the corner of the classroom as she finished off her thermos of tea.

Immediately after lunch, however, her body started protesting her lack of a restroom break. Before she started holding it, Yuri would simply go during lunchtime, since it would be the most convenient, and she usually didn’t have to go again until the end of the day. However, yesterday, she hadn’t felt the urge to go until a few hours after lunch. The fact that Yuri had to go already worried her.

It’ll be fine. I can still make it to the end of the day.

Yuri said that, but she could feel her bladder filling up. The class after lunch went by quickly without her bladder filling too much, but by the class after that, it was a different story. Yuri could feel all the water and tea from the day run straight through her. It felt like any time she took a sip from her water bottle, it was making a beeline for her bladder. She covertly pressed her thighs together lightly underneath her desk, trying to ignore the sensation as best as she could as she focused on her class.

The next class is the last class… then after that, I can go! It’ll be just like if I was stuck in traffic and there was nowhere to pull over. I just have to hold it.

The thought of not being able to go for so long made Yuri’s bladder spasm, and she briefly crossed her legs under her desk. Her left hand hovered dangerously close to the hem of her skirt as she barely resisted the urge to grab herself. As the wave passed, Yuri leaned back and let herself relax a little that it was over.

The class finally ended, and Yuri packed up her supplies for that class. She bent over carefully, trying not to put too much pressure on her bladder as she grabbed her back and reached in for her supplies for the next class. As she grabbed them, she glanced down at her water bottle and paused. She had to pee already, and she knew at this rate, by the end of the next class she would be downright bursting, but at the same time her mouth and throat felt uncomfortably dry.

Yuri grabbed the water bottle and took a few sips, each one making her only more aware of how much pent-up liquid was already in her body. She shuffled in place as she drank more, and before she knew it, she had polished off the bottle entirely.

Rather than feeling worried, Yuri felt a sense of excitement as the thought of all that water hitting her during her next class filled her mind. Excitement? No, it was more that she just wanted to prove that it didn’t matter how much she drank.

The next class started, and Yuri felt her bladder spasm again. She rubbed her knees together and looked up nervously at the clock. This was it, she wasn’t going to be able to go until the end of class. Yuri leaned forwards, trying to find a comfortable position to take notes, even as she felt her swollen bladder start to press out against the waistband of her uniform’s skirt.

Yuri tried to focus on the lesson. She didn’t have much passion for subjects outside of literature, but she did like to give a concerted effort in her other classes. Today, however, it was almost impossible. The teacher’s voice kept fading out to a dull drone as her mind was torn back to the pressure building inside of her. As much as she knew it wouldn’t help, she kept glancing at the clock. The class wasn’t even half over. Yuri had to pee.

Beneath her desk she could barely keep her legs still. She was rubbing the back of her calf with one foot as she shuffled and squeezed her thighs together tightly. She wasn’t quite rocking back and forth in her chair, but she kept shifting positions intermittently, feeling just the briefest moments of relief as her weight shifted, before her it settled and once again she could feel it all pressing down on her full bladder.

By the time she had 15 minutes left, Yuri felt another strong wave of pressure from her bladder, and she let her left hand slip in between her thighs as she pressed her fingers against her crotch. She risked glancing around to see if anyone else noticed, but no one was paying attention to her, even as she sat there fighting her bladder. After the wave passed, Yuri still kept pressing down with her hand subtly, pretending to take notes with her right hand and hoping no one would notice her desperate movements.

After what felt like an eternity, Yuri’s teacher dismissed their last class, and Yuri almost let out an audible sigh of relief. As calmly as she could in her state, she packed up her things, and shakily began heading to the restrooms.

Yuri found herself passing the Literature Club room on the way, and something gave her pause.

Hold it longer.

Yuri took another few steps before the idea hit her again.

Hold it longer. You can do it.

Yuri was already desperate. She couldn’t imagine making it through a whole session of club.

It’s not a class. You can go anytime you want. Just see how long you can make it.

For some reason, the idea excited Yuri. She could feel her heart beating in her chest. She could feel her full bladder squeeze and spasm in protest. She really should just go to the restroom.

She found herself reaching out to the door of the clubroom and entering.

“Hey, Yuri!” Monika smiled, already in the clubroom.

“Hey,” Natsuki nodded to her as well, though noticeably not as warmly. The two had never really seen eye-to-eye, but ever since the sleepover, the two seemed to butt heads more and more. On her part, Yuri still hadn’t fully forgiven Natsuki for her role in the lingering humiliation she felt after wetting herself.

Yuri quickly sat down and pulled out a large book she had been reading over the past week. She tried to focus on the words, but just like in class, she couldn’t focus. Her bladder was screaming at her by now. The fact that she had even decided to hold it this long was absurd. Part of her knew that, part of her knew she should make her way to the restroom now. But another part of her kept her heart racing as she sat there in the room with Monika and Natsuki. She had to keep her shuffling to a minimum, she couldn’t hold herself. Rather than everyone paying attention to the teacher, each of them were doing their own thing. Even so, Yuri didn’t have the same kind of refuge she did in a crowded classroom full of students.

I have to pee. I have to pee, I have to pee. I have to pee.

Yuri tried to distract herself by watching what the other girls were doing. Monika was at one of the front desks, working on some posters or something for their next club event. Natsuki was sitting on the floor, back against the wall as she read one of her manga. Perhaps it was because one of Natsuki’s manga had started it all, but Yuri found herself focusing on the girl more than usual. That was when Yuri noticed something.

Natsuki looked like she had to pee.

Perhaps Yuri was just projecting her own desperation onto Natsuki’s actions, but the girl was shaking her legs, and it looked like she was pressing her heel against her crotch. Yuri watched her for a few minutes, and in that time, Natsuki only flipped the pages of her manga once or twice, as though she weren’t really focusing on the manga, much like how Yuri herself wasn’t focusing on her book. There was no reason Natsuki couldn’t just go to the bathroom any time, so Yuri wasn’t sure, but it definitely seemed like she was desperate.

Yuri knew it was a bad idea, especially with how desperate she was, but for some reason, she wanted to try to confirm if Natsuki really had to pee or not. Yuri got up carefully, squeezing her thighs together as her swollen bladder protested her every movement, and she headed over to Natsuki.

Natsuki looked up at her and frowned, looking more annoyed than normal.

“Here to make fun of my manga again?” Natsuki frowned.

“No,” Yuri shook her head, looking to the side awkwardly.

“Well, what did you want?”

Yuri wasn’t about to admit her true reasons for coming over to talk with Natsuki. Instead, she panicked as she tried to find something to talk about. As she glanced around the room, she thought she saw Monika gazing at her out of the corner of her eye. She turned to look her way and Monika immediately snapped her head back down to what she was doing.

Yuri was puzzled by the reaction, but she realized she still hadn’t answered Natsuki. Her eyes darted around for a few more moments before narrowing in on the manga in Natsuki’s hand.

“I was actually wondering about the manga you were reading.”

Natsuki looked up at Yuri like she had two heads.

“Y-you? Interested in my manga? Is the world coming to an end or something?”

“N-no, I…” Yuri’s bladder picked the worst time to hit her with a wave of desperation, and she winced, finding herself struggling to maintain control. The last thing she wanted to do was leak in the middle of a conversation with Natsuki.

“No, so-sorry,” Natsuki turned to the side, squirming awkwardly, “If you’re interested, this is the next volume in that manga I was reading at the slumber party. It’s called Monster Clash High School.”

That was a remarkably silly name for a series that had caused so much trouble at the slumber party, but Yuri wasn’t about to say that out loud.

“Do you mind if I join you?” Yuri asked.

“Huh? You really want to read it?” Natsuki blushed. She shuffled awkwardly, and Yuri definitely saw her slip her hand between her legs for a brief moment. Yuri wanted nothing more than to do the same, but she was sure Natsuki would notice.

“W-well…” Natsuki turned away, awkwardly, “It’s kind of… sort of got… a few scenes like the last one in it… that you didn’t like.”

Yuri was surprised that the manga had more scenes like last time. It seemed like it would be a one-off gag or situation. The idea of more scenes like that, with the characters squirming around desperately, only made Yuri’s own bladder spasm in response, and it took everything in Yuri’s power not to grab herself openly as she tried not to lose control.

As she tried to fight it, she once again felt a gaze from the front of the room, and she cast a sidelong glance towards Monika. She was once again watching them, as though she were interested in their conversation. There was definitely something up with her.

“A-anyway,” Natsuki concluded, “I don’t think you’d like it.”

“W-well,” Yuri began, voice shaky from her desperate internal struggle, “Maybe I was just a bit harsh on judging that scene last time. I’m sorry about what I said.”

Natsuki once again looked up at Yuri like she was speaking another language. Then she audibly gasped, and shuffled around in place. That all but confirmed it to Yuri. For some reason or another, Natsuki was also holding it.

“W-well, if you w-want to read it, you can, just-”

“Hey guys, sorry I’m late!” Sayori rushed in, interrupting their conversation.

“No worries!” Monika smiled, “But now that you’re here, we can get the club meeting started properly!”

Natsuki looked equal parts relieved and disappointed for the interruption. Yuri herself wanted to pry more, but her swollen bladder overrode any of her other thoughts, and she just wanted to make it through the club meeting dry at this point.

Yuri made her way to the front of the room and tried to stand still, but she could tell she was doing a miserable job of being subtle. Her swollen bladder wouldn’t let her rest, and she must’ve been shuffling back and forth, clenching her fists tightly at her sides.

“Yuri?”

“H-huh?” Yuri looked up. The shock nearly made her leak then and there. It took all of Yuri’s determination and focus to stay dry. She had pushed herself to her limit.

“Are you okay?” Monika asked. She was looking at Yuri in concern, but there was a hint of something else there. Maybe it was just Yuri’s imagination running wild because of her dream that morning, but Monika was gazing at her intently, “You look sick.”

Yuri fought desperately to maintain some semblance of composure before turning to look at the clock. She had made it about halfway through club, but she truly couldn’t hold it anymore. She was meant to be training herself not to pee so she wouldn’t have another accident again, not pushing herself past her limits until she wet herself. She knew coming into club was silly in the first place.

“A-actually, I am feeling a bit unwell,” Yuri answered, “Please excuse me.”

Yuri practically darted out of the clubroom and down the hall to where the girl’s room was. She rushed in and hobbled over to one of the stalls, entering and immediately jamming a hand against her crotch as she danced in place desperately. She had barely locked the stall door and pulled her panties down before she started peeing, a splash spraying out onto the restroom floor before she could fully sit down on the toilet.

She threw her head back and bit her finger to stifle the moan of pleasure as an utter torrent of hot piss shot out of her. It rang against the side of the toilet bowl and splashed loudly as Yuri peed. While not having a preference for western-style toilets over squat toilets in most situations, Yuri was full grateful her school had opted for the western-style. She didn’t think she could balance properly with the waves of relief washing over her body. She could still feel her muscles quivering and her legs practically shaking from how desperate she had been, but now it was replaced with the blissful sensation of release. She could feel the pressure in her bladder slowly fade into a dull ache as her mind grew hazy with the pleasure.

By the time Yuri was finished, she was left panting on the stall. It felt like her mind was floating in the clouds, and her desperation was replaced with another burning, urgent sensation. Arousal.

Suddenly, she could hear echoing footsteps running down the hall, growing closer and closer to the restroom. They turned into the restroom and entered, and Yuri could hear the frantic sound of desperate steps through the stall door as someone unseen rushed towards the stalls.

“A-achoo! Oh shit, shit, shit!” the girl cursed, “I leaked a little!”

Yuri recognized the voice. It was Natsuki. As if she needed any more confirmation that Natsuki had been holding it. The image of Natsuki hobbling desperately, with her hands jammed between her legs as she rushed into the restroom filled Yuri’s mind, and only made her all the more aroused.

Natsuki rushed into the stall next to Yuri’s and slammed the door, and not a few moments later, she began pissing loudly into the toilet. Yuri found herself tuning in on every sound, heart racing as she could only imagine how much Natsuki had been holding back. She let out a moan of relief and Yuri could feel herself growing even more hot and bothered as she sat there, and by the time Natsuki had finished up and headed out, Yuri’s hand had snaked her way down to her womanhood.

Without her really thinking, her fingers played with her bud, and she leaned back, biting her finger to stifle in a moan. Part of her mind was screaming at her this was wrong, but she couldn’t help but pleasure herself. She had held back this morning, and now she was that much more aroused. She couldn’t help herself.

She found herself slipping her fingers in as her other hand reached up to grab her breast. She squeezed it through her bra and teased her nipple as she vigorously toyed with herself. She found herself throwing her head back and biting her lip hard as she stifled moan after moan, and before she knew it, she reached climax right there, her back arching as she shook from the waves of pleasure.

Yuri didn’t know how long she had sat there on the toilet, but once the haziness of her pleasure and arousal had subsided, her eyes widened in realization of what she had just done. Yuri raised a hand to her mouth as though she were sick to her stomach, and she quickly cleaned herself up and rushed out of the bathroom as quickly as possible.

By the time she returned to the clubroom, Natsuki was already back and fully invested in whatever the conversation was.

“Ah, Yuri, you’re back!” Monika smiled.

“S-sorry, I don’t feel well,” Yuri replied, “I’m going to head home early.”

Yuri quickly rushed to grab her stuff and pack up, slipping out of the clubroom doors before any of the girls could ask her what was wrong. Unfortunately, she hadn’t counted on Monika following out behind her.

“Yuri, wait up,” Monika called out as she ran out of the clubroom after her. Yuri was grateful that neither Natsuki or Sayori had chosen to follow. When Monika had caught up to her, she frowned at Yuri with a worried expression, “What’s wrong, Yuri?”

“I told you, I wasn’t feeling well,” Yuri repeated.

“Are you sick? I just thought, maybe you…” Monika trailed off, glancing away awkwardly, “N-nevermind! Get well soon, Yuri!”

Yuri’s heart raced at the thought of what Monika was about to say. Had Monika caught onto her holding it earlier? Yuri didn’t want to stick around to find out. She nodded and turned away quickly before heading off. She needed to go home and clear her mind.

The rest of the day went by in a haze, and later that night, Yuri found herself soaking in the tub, mind still reeling from what she had done. Not only had she taken her hold well past the point she had originally planned, but she had enjoyed it. She had enjoyed the challenge, the idea of holding it, the idea of pushing herself right up to the limit. She enjoyed the feeling of relief as she finally let it all out after holding it for countless hours. She had enjoyed the sounds of Natsuki peeing right next to her in the stall. She had pleasured herself on the toilet afterwards.

No, I don’t enjoy this. I wasn’t excited, I just set a challenge for myself. It only felt good because I had been holding it in so long. I was only so aroused becasue of that stupid dream this morning. I don’t actually enjoy it, I was just hot and bothered and my heart was racing…

She tried to rationalize it, but deep down, Yuri felt disgusting. She had hoped that the shower would have washed away the icky feeling Yuri had, the strange grossness crawling under Yuri’s skin, but it hadn’t helped at all. Instead, she was now soaking in the tub, trying not to think about how much she genuinely enjoyed what had happened earlier.

I need to stop. I need to stop holding it. If I’m so concerned with not wetting myself again, then I proved that I can make it through the whole day without peeing, so I can just go normally from now on. I… I don’t need to hold it that long again, for any reason.

Yuri saw her phone light up on the edge of the tub. She had it in a watertight case because she would often use it to read books digitally, at least when she wasn’t having an internal crisis. She picked up her phone and read it. It was a text from Monika.

“Hey, Yuri! It’s Monika! Just wanted to let you know that tomorrow for the club we’re planning on meeting up and heading to the park for some fresh air. Also Natsuki wanted to try out that cafe that opened recently. We talked about it before you left, but I didn’t get to tell you because you were in a hurry.”

Yuri let out a relieved sigh. Not only had Monika not asked her more about what was wrong-- a conversation Yuri was not prepared to have right now-- but tomorrow they were going out to a cafe and the park. It was a good incentive not to hold it through to the end of the day again. Yuri nodded to herself. That settled it. Tomorrow she would go to the bathroom normally.

###

The next day, Yuri felt calmer now that she didn’t have to worry about holding it. She hadn’t realized how much of her time the thoughts had occupied until now, but holding it made her focus on things like how full her bladder felt, how much longer she had in the day, what her target for holding it was, and worrying about things like fluid intake. Pushing all that to the back of her mind, she simply focused on her classes and during lunch she wound up getting through a decent portion of her book, casually sipping on tea and relaxing.

For some reason, however, as her class immediately after lunch started up, the energy of the day seemed to change. Perhaps it was because it was at the end of the week and Yuri just wanted it to be the weekend, or maybe it was because she was looking forward to the club outing at the end of the day. Either way, she found herself checking the clock more often than the chalkboard, and she couldn’t bring her mind to focus on the lesson.

At the same time, she felt a twinge in her bladder, indicating it was growing full. She hadn’t been planning on holding it, but she had gotten used to skipping her usual lunchtime bathroom break, and she hadn’t felt the urge to go before now.

It’s fine, I’m not holding it today. I’ll go after this class.

While Yuri wouldn’t call her need to pee urgent at this point, it was present, and Yuri found herself focusing on it more often than not. She got vivid images of yesterday, with her practically bursting by the end of her last class, and the excitement she felt when she decided to push herself even further by holding it during club.

No! I’m not excited by holding it. I have to stop focusing on it! I’ll go after this class.

“But class is so boring, and next class is your least favorite subject. Wouldn’t holding it a little give you something interesting to focus on?”

Yuri wasn’t sure where the idea come from, but the thought of it made her equal parts excited and angry. Why was she suddenly having thoughts like that thrust upon her? Was that really her own thoughts, egging her on to hold it despite what happened yesterday?

I told myself I wouldn’t. I shouldn’t.

“Why are you so opposed? Is it because you enjoyed it that much yesterday?”

Yuri thought about yesterday. How fast her heart was racing, how good it felt when she finally got her relief. How aroused she was just at the idea. She couldn’t help but think about her dream with Monika either. Did she actually enjoy this?

No, absolutely not!

Yuri pushed the thoughts to the back of her mind, and tried to focus on the class. However, she found it hard not to keep being dragged back to her thoughts of holding it, as opposed to the idea as she was.

When the class finally ended, Yuri could feel her full bladder. It wasn’t urgent yet, and she was nowhere near the levels of desperation she had reached yesterday. But that was the point, wasn’t it? She wasn’t supposed to hold it today. Yuri found herself getting up and heading to the toilets.

Yet Yuri’s thoughts still gave her pause. Something about the idea of peeing now, when she barely had to go, felt empty to her. She got a sense of almost disappointment, or maybe that she was giving up. She gauged her level of urgency. She could comfortably hold it through her next class, and maybe even the one after that. Her last class she’d probably start really feeling it, but yesterday she had managed to hold it even through a bit of club.

Yuri found herself stopping and turning around halfway to the restroom. She could hold it a bit longer. She wouldn’t hold it as long as she had yesterday, but it wasn’t like she was doing this because she enjoyed it. She just confidently knew she could hold it longer, and it would give her something else to focus on rather than the boring classes she had for the rest of the day. She would go before meeting up with the others at club.

She had to. They were going on a club outing today, after all. The idea of holding it during the club’s walk to the cafe made Yuri’s heart race. Yesterday she had barely managed to conceal her desperation in front of the others, and today she’d have to walk down the street, in public. Surely by then she’d be absolutely desperate too.

Yuri pushed the idea from her mind. She wasn’t going to hold it through to the end of the day.

###

