Snowed In

Author: Redboi

*000*2021-04-09 02:09

So... it’s April and it’s 80 degrees outside. I don’t like that, so you know what I’m going to do (as you can probably guess from the title); I’m going to write about snow. And what better way to write about it then with wetting involved. Enjoy!

Grace fastened a belt around her puffy snow pants and put on her pink snow jacket. It was the first snowfall of the year and she couldn’t miss the excitement of building her first ever igloo with her friend Lauren. Out in the Midwest the weather in January always permitted for long lasting packed snowfall. This time they were supposed to get 16 inches. This meant that building an igloo would be no issue at all. “Don’t forget our hot cocoa Grace!” Lauren exclaimed while holding out a large cup filled with the steamy goodness of chocolate. She smiled and the two strolled outside.

As the two set up the building plan Grace found herself chugging away at the hot cocoa more often then not. By five minutes in she had nearly finished half of it and was feeling more thirsty then before. She decided to just finish it right away so she could get some extra water and supplies from inside. She came out with a shovel and some more water and the two proceeded to build their igloo. Midway through Grace noticed she had to pee, and it wasn’t just a mild need either, the belt pushing against her bladder exercised her need even more and she found it hard to concentrate. “Hey Lauren I-“ she was cut off quickly by her friend.

”Notice that the Igloo is off centered. Yeah, I notice it too. We gotta fix it.” Grace frowned.

”Yeah what do you think we need to do?”

”We need more stuff from the shed.”

”Ok, I’ll go with you.”

While the two walked towards the shed Grace noticed her friend start to visibly shake. Was she having the same problem as her? It truly was a mystery. They arrived at the shed and grabbed the necessary materials and headed for the door. All of a sudden they hard a crashing sound. Grace reached for the door, it wouldn’t budge. “Oh god the doors stuck.”

Lauren laughed. “Oh come on it can’t be that bad.” She reached for the handle and pulled on it and then pulled on it again, and again. She didn’t have any luck. “Well, we are stuck.”

”My parents won’t be back for another two hours and this snow sure the hell isn’t going away anytime soon.”

”What do we do now?” Lauren started to dance around.

”Well we can try pushing.”

”Good idea.” The two lined themselves up on either side of the door and pushed with all their might, nothing. “Got any other bright ideas?”

”Ummmm, no.” Lauren’s dancing around made Grace come to the realization of her need to pee as well as she started to fidget. “Hey Lauren, do you um, need to pee?”

Lauren’s face was one of shock and disbelief. “Yes yes yes how didn’t you notice?!”

”Well I’ve kinda needed to go too and I found it hard to believe.”

”Well I’m literally about to piss my pants this is getting so bad. I hope somehow your parents get here early.”

”Yeah, me too.” The two sat there trying to pass the time recounting old memories and it worked: for 30 minutes. Lauren at that point was visibly in pain and was shaking and stepping back and forth. Grace started to follow her as her bladder bulged onto her belt. The time passed on with the two trying to forget the dire situation they were in. Around 15 minutes later Lauren stood up.

”Listen Grace, I know we are best friends and all but I’m going to piss myself right here and now and I want you to promise me you’ll never tell anyone this happened.”

”Right here?”

”Yeah I really can’t stand to hold it anymore I’m going.”

”Ok, I promise.”

Lauren took a deep breath. “Alright I’m letting go now.” Right away the faint sound of a hiss sounded off in Lauren’s nether regions and soon turned into a gushing sound. Surprisingly to Grace and Lauren no puddle started to form at Lauren’s feet yet as the thick snow pants absorbed most of the initial damage. It wasn’t until about 30 seconds in that a puddle started to form at her feet. Lauren’s face was one of Euphoria and relief as she continued to pee through her snow pants onto the hard wood floor. It wasn’t until about two minutes that she finished. She smiled and took a seat back down in her own puddle. “Oh my god Grace you have to try this it feels so goood.”

Grace looked at her friend puzzled as to question if she actually just asked her to pee herself. “You really mean it?”

”Literally girl it feels amazing especially in this cold weather. I’m sure you’ll love it!” Grace wasn’t too sure.

”I think I’ll wait it out.” Her friend looked disappointed.

”You’re too shy.”

About 30 minutes later Grace was at her limit. Her stomach bulged and her bladder extended so far she thought her belt would snap. She was thinking about what her friend said. Would she really like it? She knew the only way to know was if she tried. She decided. “Lauren, I’m going to do it.”

”You are finally caving in huh?”

”Yeah.”

”Then let’s do it.”

Grace stood up and spread her legs. She let go. At first she couldn’t get a flow going but then almost at once spurts of pee started flowing into her underwear. Seconds later spurts turned into streams and then into a faucet being shot out at high velocity. The feeling was exhilarating and Grace started to moan with pleasure with her friend excitedly looking on. The puddle at her feet almost didn’t form at all as the snow pants caught most of it. When she finished she too sat in her own mess. She felt dirty and awesome. Lauren smiled at her.

”How was it?”

”Amazing.”

”I told you.”

The end

Hope everyone enjoyed and I may extend on this I’m not sure.

*002*2021-04-11 20:25

I’m glad you guys liked it. I’m open to any part two suggestions as well.

*003*2021-04-12 20:17

Sorry I wasn’t able to hear anyone’s feedback about a part two but I came up with my own idea. Props to my business teacher for the indirect suggestion (it’s fine, he knows nothing).

Snowed in, Part 2:

The next month passed but the snow didn’t. It continued to pile up on the streets and proceeded to make its way onto the roads. No one was able to go anywhere for two weeks. It hit February and the snow died down just in time for Grace to take her first SAT exam (sorry for the idea stealing from 2 previous writers). Grace woke up to the sound of her phone alarm and looked at the time; 7:30. Her exam was at 8. She hopped out of bed and felt her bladder bulge. She tried to ignore it as she made her way to the shower. She knew she had to be out the door in five minutes so she grabbed her toothbrush and hopped in the shower. She was out the door with a water bottle and a half eaten granola bar.

Halfway to the site she remembered the need she had forgotten to satisfy since last night and groaned. The exam was two hours long and there were strictly no bathroom breaks. She looked at the clock. It read 7:50. If she could make it before 7:55 she could probably make it to the bathroom before the exam. She pulled up on the campus and looked at her phone: 7:55. She rushed inside and got to the registration. She handed the lady her papers. “Hey do you think I could head off to the bathroom real quick?”

The woman scoffed at her as if she asked if the earth was flat. “Are you serious! Of course not! This is a certified lockdown test and breaks won’t be allowed until after the test. Please make your way to the testing area.”

‘What a jerk’, she thought as she disappointedly walked away. She was taken aback though by seeing Lauren standing next to Brendan. She was attempting to flaunt her ass at him but it looked like he awkwardly tried to avoid making eye contact. She walked over to her. “Well, look who decided to join me at the SAT sight.”

Lauren smiled at her and saw her trembling, “you nervous?”

Grace realized what she was referencing to and started to blush. “Not exactly.”

Laurens eyebrows raised when she realized why she was trembling. “Did you not go before we came in the test room?”

Grace tried defending her case. “Well this lady at the entrance told me it was a lockdown and I couldn’t go.”

Lauren chuckled, “Are you sure it isn’t because you knew you were sat next to Russel?”

Grace turned even redder. She couldn’t even find a way to fight back. They went inside and started the test.

Grace tried to do everything she could in her power to take her mind off her need to pee, but to no avail. She knew by minute 5 she was going to burst open in less than 20 minutes tops. She had to find a way of escape, but she knew nothing would come to save her. She contemplated just letting go there and trying to hope no one noticed. The idea was solid in that she was wearing black yoga pants, but she decided against it initially and started her test. Around minute 30 she knew she was done but wanted to know for certain that she wouldn’t be discovered. She was limited on options and knew she needed a miracle. She got her miracle.

As it was in the Midwest blizzards were not uncommon during the month of January. Grace knew that during her test there would be a giant blizzard going on and that it would most likely be audible. What she never expected was a faulty roof right above the entrance to the test room. Almost out of nowhere a cracking sound could be heard in the ceiling and a chunk fell harshly onto the ground. A commotion rose through the students as they made their way over to the door. Grace knew this was her chance and pushed.

Instead of the progressional flow the pee shot out like a water hose and continued non stop for enough time to empty Grace out enough for her to control her bladder once more. Once everything got under control Grace breathed a sigh of her relief and looked up to the sky. She had been saved, for now. Her pants and underwear still were soaked but as far as she knew no one knew the wiser. About 40 minutes settled back into the test and Grace noticed some girl stumbling up to the front desk. It was Lauren. She couldn’t overhear what the first parts of the conversation contained but the last line she believed not only summed up everything in that conversation but also probably could have been heard by all 143 students in the room.

”Well then I’ll just piss my pants then. Right over there, at my desk!”

What Grace then witnessed made her not just shocked, but also extremely turned on. She watched Lauren walk to her desk, spread her legs, and released a waterfall into her pants, then her desk, and then onto the floor. The whole room stared at her in stunned silence. Lauren just kept her head up and continued her test like nothing happened. Grace was proud of her friend. She wanted to go over there and give her a hug but she knew she had to do that after the test. She also realized she had to pee after the test as she knew she didn’t empty herself fully and still needed to go pretty badly. There was only one problem though, the blizzard had snowed them into the test room.

Thank you for reading! I’m trying to keep as on topic as I can with the snow theme and left it off there hopefully on a cliffhanger so I can take suggestions for a sequel part three.

*005*2021-04-21 21:07

April 21st, 2021. It is snowing outside.

Also April 21st, 2021: I write part 3, let’s do it.

Snowed in: Part 3

Grace’s stomach dropped as she realized she wouldn’t be able to escape. It was only a matter of time before either of the two things happened: she would pee herself again and everyone would see, and/or someone would see her original accident. She couldn’t win, she really couldn’t. She realized Russel was looking over at her. He looked intrigued and concerned. She made eye content and he tried to engage in small talk.

”Man, that snow storm really seems to not be letting up, we may be here a while.”

He knew. Grace stroked her hair back. “Yeah, I hope they can clear the snow soon, or I might-“ she was cut off.

“Pee yourself,” he looked down and hesitantly remarked “again.”

Grace’s face went radish red as her accident had been actively discovered, by Russel. Yes, Russel! The Russel! The same Russel who she had fantasized about since she was 13! And now here he was, sitting right next to her, at her moment of greatest weakness. She couldn’t even find words to say so she just shook her head up and down in an urgent manner.

Russel sat in a moment of thought and then came up with an idea. “You remember when the snow fell originally? I’m guessing that’s when you... ahem... went... right?”

Grace couldn’t tell if this question made her feel more uncomfortable or mortified. She shook her head in confirmation.

”Well I have my sports jacket in my bag and I also have some gloves. I’m going to go over there and attempt to clear some of the snow. If I succeed there should be enough room for you to climb over. You can wear it around your waist.”

For how overly stupid that idea sounded Grace had no idea but to go with it. He handed her the sweatshirt and grabbed his gloves. As he walked away Grace thought about what just happened. Was this something out of a fantasy book? She always knew Russel was nice but not generous and overly helpful. He had instead of made fun of her tried to help her in her greatest time of need. She knew she had a reason for liking him.

30 minutes later and she had an even bigger reason too as he yelled to the others. “Hey everyone! I made a way out! Come one!”

One by one people started to file out through the side opening he had formed on the right side of the double doors. Grace wanted to make sure she was the last one out so she waited despite the pounding in the bladder. Once the last student slipped out she made her way over, crossing and uncrossing her legs as she went along. Russel and Lauren were waiting for her on the other side. She put one foot through and took one step towards the other side. She just needed her other foot. She couldn’t move. She looked back. Russels sweatshirt was caught on the door handle. She couldn’t untie it off her waist. The sweatshirt pressed on her bladder.

”What’s the matter Grace?” Lauren looked at her in confusion.

”I’m stuck.”

Russel frowned, “can you untie the sweatshirt?” Grace shook her head. “How long can you give me before you give out.”

Grace gave the honest response. “Not any longer.”

Russel shook his head. “I’m still going to tr-“ he was cut off by a loud hissing sound. Grace had caved in to her bladder. She continued to let her pee flow into her pants and sweatshirt and onto the snow below her. She knew that Lauren and Russel could see too since she was nearly doing a full split. Her mind blurred out in disappointment and happiness and relief as the only two words she heard were Russell’s.

”Or not.”

Thanks for reading! You know, I’ve always wanted to be a Russel. But I’ve never gotten to be in that position with a girl. Oh well, I probably would come off as less helpful and more creepy anyway.

