Maple's Syrup

Author: Rika

*000*2021-09-14 07:48

Here it is, my first post!

It's a story I wrote as sort of my introductory post to OmoOrg. It's my first time writing anything remotely lewd, as well as my first time writing a story in present-tense second-person. Takes place in a small medieval-style village with significant amounts of magic and technological advancements.

Also including a reference of Maple, drawn by yours truly! Perhaps I'll draw a scene from this story, too...

CONTAINS:

Animal girl (squirrel), hyper wetting, pee drinking, and more

###

A small flicker of candlelight from within the dark confines behind the window pane is all that you can detect from your stance outside the tavern. It’s a rather chilly autumn night, but your cheeks are warm with anticipation. The closed sign hangs conspicuously on the windowsill. Your head darts left and right, eyes wary for any pedestrians that would have caught your surreptitious activity. The cobblestone streets are empty. There are the distant calls of lively chatter in some late-night tavern or club nearby, and the faraway rumble of wooden wagon wheels on stone. Other than that, there is nothing but crickets to be heard.

You glance up at the handmade sign hanging above you and the entrance to the inn. It’s a wooden one, hand-carved by the owner herself. Maple’s Nest, it reads. The title in calligraphy is superimposed upon an illustration of a squirrel tail curled around a jar of honey. You take a gloved hand and grasp the metal doorknob, brushing the laurel wreath hanging on the door aside as you enter. The sound of a gentle bell chime greets you as you open the door.

Inside Maple’s Nest, the surrounding is dark, though you can still make out the dim outlines of dark oak and mahogany tables in the seating area directly ahead. The light from streetlamps outside shines through the windows and reflects on their ebony surfaces. Chairs are stacks upside down on the tables’ topsides. The floor creaks ever so slightly as you step on it, but not in an eerie way. It creaks in welcome, as it always does to the regulars who have visited this tavern inn and watched it grow from the ground up.

Aside from you, there is only one other figure in the room. A young woman – though, a few years older than you – stands with her back turned to you behind the counter. She slides a semi-dirty rag over the empty tankard she’s polishing, too lost in her own thought to notice that you arrived. In that brief moment, you get to have a quick glance at her features.

The curve of her back is hidden behind a voluminous squirrel tail, several feet tall and extremely fluffy. It’s an earthy orange, the same color as a maple leaf in the midst of autumn. A hazel stripe runs underneath the top of her tail down to its base. She wears a ridged wool sweater the same color as her tail stripe. Somehow, this sweater is able to both seem fluffy and soft, as if it were a layer of animal fur, and yet wrap so tightly around her figure as to leave little to the imagination. Its top is cut off, rendering her shoulders and the back of her neck exposed to the air and your eyes. On both sides of her navel and stomach, the fabric has also been cut away, revealing the smooth, warm skin of her sides.

If she was wearing any sort of shorts, they were too short to see from your position. Her sweater drapes just far enough down past her waist to cover her adequately, but if she’s wearing anything underneath, you couldn’t tell. Her thighs and legs are completely exposed, save for some very fine and luxurious fur boots with buckles hiked up to her knees. Around her neck is a thin string necklace with a red maple leaf pendant in the front. Her hair is a light orange, the most orange hair you had ever seen, and poking out from it are two twitching squirrel ears.

When she finally notices you, she turns around in shock, almost dropping her glass. She manages to set it down on the counter without any trouble.

“Hey!” she says in a honeyed voice. It’s silky smooth, reminiscent of a mother’s lullaby. Despite only being a little younger than her, there’s this aura about her that reminds you of the proverbial ethereal mother figure. Listen to it too much, and you just might fall asleep.

“Hey,” you wave to her. She glances at the closed sign outside the window.

“I was wondering where you were today,” she says with a bemused yet relieved expression. “It’s not like you to miss out on the Sunday special. But… as much as I hate to say it, even though you’re a really faithful customer… the hours are the hours. I’m closed for the day. Sorry!”

“Oh, it’s no problem, Maple,” you reassure her, walking closer to the counter and leaning over. She’s a bit taller than the average woman, and tall enough that her head rests a noticeable distance above yours. Though, when made apparent, the height difference really isn’t all that intimidating.

“I’m not here for the Sunday special. I’m here for a different kind of order.”

“Oh? What sort of order is it?”

“I’d like to order some of Maple’s Syrup, please,” you say with a sly smile. Maple’s eyes widen as she gasps in shock. She takes a quick step back and does a double take.

“M-Maple’s Syrup? Who told you about Maple’s Syrup? Who told you about the secret menu?”

You offer nothing but a wink in reply. You can already see beads of sweat start to form on Maple’s forehead, and her cheeks are bright red.

“I-I see now why you decided to come in so late,” Maple replies, holding a hand over her chest and catching her breath. “I may be closed for the night, but if you want Maple’s Syrup, I’d be h-happy to provide any time of day. How much would you like?”

“As much as you have in you,” you reply without missing a beat.

“I can’t believe this is happening,” Maple says, her voice becoming breathless. “I never thought I’d meet a customer who actually is into… the same thing I’m into.” Suddenly, realization dawns on her. “Is that why you always tried to get me to share a drink whenever you came over here on Sundays?”

“Yes…” you say. Now it is your turn to get a little embarrassed.

“Well, now that you know how to, you can just come here and ask,” Maple says. She eyes the tankard sitting on the countertop. “I mean… I was secretly hoping, but I would never have guessed you’d be the one who found out about it…”

“Are you going to use that tankard?” you point towards it. Already your head is filling with images. But Maple simply laughs.

“Oh, no no no. You have no idea what you’re in for. There is no way that tankard would be able to be enough…”

Your eyes light up at the implication.

“Have you been holding it, then?” Another reason why you decided to wait until the tavern was closed was that there was always the possibility that Maple might have been holding in her “syrup” until her shift was done. Maple shakes her head, however.

“No. Actually, I just went only a couple minutes before you showed up. I was holding it… I didn’t get to use the bathroom at all during my entire shift. It felt so good to get all of that out after a long day of work. I would have held it longer if I knew you would come in here asking for it, though. Shame.”

“Oh. Does that mean that you don’t have anything left? Since you just went, your bladder should be empty, right?” Your worried statement makes Maple giggle.

“Aww, are you worried I won’t be able to do it? How cute! But you don’t have to worry. My bladder is never, ever empty,” she says with a suggestive smile. She grabs your hand and pulls you gently around the counter into the bartender’s area.

“Come on! As a bonus, you’ll get an exclusive little behind-the-scenes tour. Help me find a big enough container for your drink tonight, sweetie~!”

Maple brings you into a room with a lone wooden table in the center. Around the table are shelves upon shelves of pots, pans, glasses, and other containers. Maple starts leafing through the shelves to find what she’s looking for, and you do so as well.

“Will this work?” you ask, holding up a beer glass.

“Honey, you’re going to have to heighten your expectations. I’m going to need something a lot bigger than that.”

The next item you offer is an empty wine bottle, which you were sure would be enough for anybody. But Maple simply shakes her head. There’s something akin to pride in her eyes. Her body is almost shaking with excitement, but you can tell she’s trying to play it cool. Shrugging, you go back to looking.

“Aha!” Maple exclaims. You’re thinking that there couldn’t possibly be anything bigger than a wine bottle that anybody could fill in one go, especially just after they went, but…

“Is that… a gallon jug?” you gasp in awe.

“It sure is!” Maple says, unable to contain her pride. “Hopefully a gallon of syrup is enough to satisfy you?”

“There’s no way,” you say, waving your hand and cracking a smile. “You’re pulling my leg. Do you really need an entire gallon jug?” At this, Maple shrugs.

“If I’m being honest, I’d be very surprised if I didn’t need at least a gallon every time I peed.”

You feel like this has to be some elaborate joke, and that Maple’s just trying to play up your fantasies, and you cast a disbelieving glance in her direction. Yet, she quickly pushes the table out of the way to make space on the wooden floor. She shuts the door behind you so that the two of you have complete privacy, and then kneels down on her knees on the ground, beckoning for you to come closer. The more time passes, the more you realize that she’s not joking.

“Now, this jug has a really small opening,” Maple explains, blushing harder than ever. “…aaaand I can get a little intense when I let loose. So… do you think you could hold the jug steady while I make your ‘syrup’?”

You nod eagerly and get down on all fours, taking off your gloves. Maple brings the jug between her legs, making an upside-down ‘v’ formation with her thighs. She reaches down underneath her sweater and slowly brings down her panties. Black lace. She slides them down effortlessly as she flicks it off the end of her toes and onto the floor. She readjusts herself, aiming for precision.

You hold the slightly-opaque jug in anticipation, feeling Maple’s thighs tense up and press against the back of your hand. They’re warm. Maple brings her hand to her lips and covers them shyly.

A couple seconds pass, and then a couple dozen. Not even so much as a drop slides out from underneath Maple’s sweater. You’ve been waiting patiently oh-so-long for this moment, and so there’s little patience to spare.

“Are you going to start or not?” you say. “Were you just pulling my leg the entire time?”

“No, no! Not at all,” Maple immediately protests, looking away. “It’s just that… I’ve always dreamt of doing this, but I’ve never actually done it before… It’s a little nerve-wracking. I mean, this isn’t exactly… normal, is it? I mean-”

Maple cuts herself off, shaking her head.

“How do I know that you’re not going to see me as weird? On top of it being… y’know, a piss fetish, I also pee more than any other person I know. It’s to the point where it’s an inconvenience… almost freakish. You won’t be… disgusted, or anything, right?”

“Maple, I specifically came to you and asked you for this,” you reason. “What other reason could I have?”

“W-well, maybe it was a dare, and that’s why someone told you, or maybe you’re doing it to get a laugh, or something…”

“Maple, I’ve been waiting weeks to get this chance. And from the looks of it, you’ve been waiting longer. It may be hard to believe, but you ain’t alone in this. I’m into it too. I promise.”

“Okay… but I still am a little shy. Can I ask a favor?” Maple looks away once more, and then lifts the hem of her sweater up to reveal her navel. “Can you push on my stomach?”

You oblige, removing one hand from the jug to feel Maple’s bladder. It’s slightly bloated, but not enough that it would be noticeable to anyone not specifically looking for it. It’s hard to the touch, and you can feel ripples and bubbling sensations against the walls of her stomach. The moment you press down, Maple moans in pleasure, wedging her fingernail between her teeth. You press down harder, and then-

Maple’s Syrup gushes out with astronomical force, enough to rattle the jug in a single second. You quickly rescind your hand from her navel as you desperately try and maintain control of the jug. Thankfully, only a few droplets land stray. They hit the rim and begin to trickle down the edge of the jug, running over your hand and making it moist.

Her stream is more intense than anything you’ve ever seen. It hisses like a garden hose as the sound of the impact ricochets around the hollow inside of the jug.

“Aaahaaa~” Maple sighs in relief, but it is all but drowned out completely by the cacophony of her pee hitting the surface of the jug. If this occurred during work hours, you were certain that the people seated outside would be able to hear it loud and clear.

The jug vibrates intensely, shaking as if it were in the middle of an earthquake. You thought this would be an easy task, but you have to actually actively struggle to keep the jug straight and steady. As the first seconds of her release pass, you notice a clock on the wall. You take a mental note of the time out of sheer curiosity.

Moans escape from Maple one after another, increasing in intensity until she’s basically panting like a dog. Thirty seconds pass, and already the bottom of the jug is coated in pee. Maple shows no signs of slowing down – in fact, her stream widens as it picks up the pace.

“This is, mmm, amazing,” Maple whispers. “It feels so much better than last time I went. It’s like, doing in front of someone is so much more exhilarating!”

Accompanied by the powerful booming drumbeat of her waterfall smashing against the bottom of the jug and the miniature pool of liquid is a long and drawn-out shrill hiss. Its unending shriek prevails above all other noises, similar to the cry of a teapot, but louder. As thirty more seconds pass, and the minute hand ticks forward on the clock, you notice that the jug has become warm and her thighs slick with sweat. You can feel the heat of her syrup from within the jug, and its almost as warm as a hot shower, or a mug of hot cocoa. In fact, as you peer closer at her stream, you notice faint wisps of steam crawling out from under her nether regions.

“That’s quite a long pee,” you observe as Maple easily clears the two-minute mark. At this, she giggles, which quickly transforms into a moan.

“We’re, huff, just getting started!”

Eventually, time seems to drag on. Liquid shoots out of Maple only to be replaced with even more, and even more, and even more. You glance at her stomach, but that small bulge in her bladder has not changed a bit. You start to wonder just where all this is coming from as the sound becomes a constant in your mind. Soon enough, Maple passes the five-minute mark, with the gallon jug halfway full.

Maple, with her free hands, suddenly grabs ahold of the sides of your head and pulls you closer to her. She pulls you into her until you’re buried in the wool of her sweater. Close enough that you can feel her heartbeat. The top of your head presses into her breasts as you listen to the rapid thump of her heart. It’s even faster than yours, and still the hissing does not stop. You begin to close your eyes, still feeling the warmth of her bladder pressed against your cheek, her thighs pressed into the back of your hands, and the steaming hot urine inside the container. You begin to relax as a smile forms on your face. For something so perverse, this was unexpectedly wholesome. This whole event is more wholesome than you expected.

It is not until you feel the sudden gush of fluid spilling over your hands and dampening your knees that you realize that something’s up. You quickly pull away from Maple only to realize that the container that you had been holding has now completely anchored itself to the ground with its weight and its fullness. Maple has completely filled the gallon jug up to brim and now it’s spilling over. Maple notices this too and stands up in a panic, splashing even more urine all over the floor.

“I filled it up? I didn’t think I had that much! I just peed out like, ten gallons a few minutes ago! There’s no way I still have this much left!”

While Maple is clutching her crotch, trying desperately to hold it in, you spot another empty gallon jug hidden behind several pots and pans. You claw it out, procuring it in a matter of seconds. Maple performs and awkward little penguin walk as she waddles towards you and crouches in front of you as you slide the jug in between her legs again. Finally free to let loose again, Maple shudders and moans, shaking uncontrollably as her body is racked with the pleasure and force of peeing so intensely.

“I’m so glad I get to do this with you. It feels like I’ve been… holding it in… forever. And I don’t mean my pee.”

“I get what you mean,” you say. Your hands are getting quite tired after holding the jugs steady for so long, but it’s a comfortable burn. By now you can really start to smell the scent of her urine permeating the entire room. Your hands are sticky as the droplets that landed on them start to evaporate.

“By the way, remember how last week you finally got me to drink a little bit with you?”

It was a little hard to hear her under the thunderous noise of her stream, which had not died down a bit since she first started, but you nod.

“Well, you left without finding out what happened, but it was incredible. You see, I can’t actually pee once on the job. Every single day I work, I hold in my pee from the beginning to end, with no bathroom breaks, ever. One time I couldn’t hold it anymore and just used my indoor privy. I took an entire thirty minutes to finally stop peeing. By the time I got back, I’d just missed thirty minutes of work, and I had a few customers waiting wondering where I was. I couldn’t have that happen again, which is why I always refused you in the past. But last week, I was in the mood and I was curious to see what would happen after I drank…”

“The day before, I just emptied my private privy, and so it was dry, clean, and empty. Not a drop of pee left in it. I hadn’t peed at all since last night, so after I drank with you, I was absolutely bursting. The moment I closed up shop, I dashed to the toilet and let loose. I was peeing nonstop for at least an hour, and I filled the entire thing up from bottom to top. In fact, I actually overflowed it and had to grab a couple of bottles from here in order to hold everything. Let me tell you, that was an amazing experience. I just wish you were there.”

“That sounds amazing.”

“We should totally do that next time,” Maple sighs as the minutes pass onwards. “I wasn’t ready for you this time, but next time you should come back after I’ve got some liquid in me. I’ll show you what it’s like when I overflow toilets~”

Maple pauses.

“There will be a next time, won’t there?”

“Of course!” You nod vigorously, to which Maple brightens immediately.

“Oh, wow. You really don’t mind? I was getting into the heat of the moment when I told that story, but you have to realize that that amount of pee is abnormal… you don’t think it’s gross or weird?”

“I view it more as a talent,” you reply.

“Aww,” Maple says, blushing. A wicked smile starts to spread across her face.

“I can’t believe I finally get to share my… talent with someone. You and I are going to have a lot of fun from now on, aren’t we? I’ve already got so many things planned.”

You nod once more before realizing that you forgot to look at the clock. Doing so, you realize that a whopping twenty minutes had passed since Maple first started peeing. If she could produce this much on an “empty bladder,” you had no doubt she would be able to surpass an entire hour if she drank enough liquid. You just hoped that you could keep this amazing talent to yourself.

Finally, as her urine began to climb towards the very top of the second jug, Maple’s stream finally begins to die down before eventually coming to a stop completely. Maple lets out a huge sigh and lies back, spreading her arms out onto the wooden floor. Her entire body is caked in sweat, and her cheeks have stayed red for an entire twenty minutes. She’s panting heavily, and it’s not hard to hear the excited, aroused thrum of her heart. You give her a moment to catch her breath before putting the caps on both of the filled jugs. Gripped both by the handle, you heave them up off the floor. They’re incredibly heavy, and you struggle a bit, but eventually manage.

“That was the best pee I’ve ever had,” Maple moans. She picks herself up and takes one of the jugs, placing them on the table. She pulls out two wooden chairs on opposite sides of the table and beckons for you to have a seat. You do, and she passes one of the jugs to you.

“Well, how’s that for some Maple’s Syrup? Think that’s enough to satisfy you?”

“For tonight, yes, but I’m going to need more,” you say with a sly grin.

“Sounds like a plan,” Maple says before lifting her jug up towards you. “Bottoms up!” You do the same and bump your jugs together as if making a toast. You bring your jug to you, perplexed.

“…We’re not going to drink it, are we?”

“Why, I thought that’s what you ordered Maple’s Syrup for! It’s a drink on the secret menu, you know.”

You give her a look, and she laughs.

“Aw, don’t give me that face. Take a sip, trust me. How many drinks have I served you?”

Grudgingly, you oblige, only to find that her urine, despite its salty, ammonia smell… tastes smooth, creamy, and sweet? Maple giggles at your face as you hesitantly sip more of her concoction.

“You really think I wouldn’t know a spell or two to make drinks taste good? What kind of bartender would I be if I didn’t?”

“It tastes almost like… syrupy lemonade,” you say, trying to brush over the fact that you, unlike Maple, have no magical ability.

“Well, I don’t call it Maple’s Syrup for nothing!” Maple proudly exclaims. As you take another sip, you realize something.

“Wait… you never told me how much this all costs. How can I pay you back?”

“Simple,” Maple says, leaning forwards to kiss you full on the lips. With the sweet taste of nectar on both of your tongues, you intertwine them for a few seconds before gradually pulling away.

“That is more than enough payment,” she says with a wink. “Make sure to come back next Sunday, okay? I’ll try and plan a few surprises for you. Deal?”

“Deal,” you say happily as the two of you spend the rest of the night chatting and flirting over two large jugs of Maple’s Syrup.

*003*2021-09-15 02:52

More is on the way! I'm thinking of making this a series, but right now I am currently working on another hyper-wetting story starring childhood friend and aromatherapist Cathy the skunk girl

