Dullahan Omorashi

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2020-03-17 22:49

The much-overdue second story in what I'm now calling my "Monster Girl Omorashi" series. This is set in the same universe as my Slime Girl Omorashi story, and even stars some of the side characters from that one. I'm not sure if I'm going to write a second part to this one like I did with the other one, but you definitely haven't seen the last of these characters in my upcoming stories.

“Ah, we really need to hire more servers here!”

Those words had been spoken by a young woman wearing a gothic lolita-style outfit. She was tall, slender, and curvy, with a black and white frilly top that accentuated her chest and a frilly black skirt with a white petticoat and white leggings underneath.

The only thing rather unusual was her head. Rather than being perched atop her neck as most normal heads would be, her’s was strapped to her waist, giving her a bit of a skewed view of the world. Where her head would normally be was a stump wrapped in bandages.

Her name was Ciara, and she was a Dullahan.

She had just finished locking up the shop after a long, exhausting night of serving food to customers. She looked over at her only other coworkers. The head and only chef of the restaurant, A white-haired, blue-eyed vampire named Masamune Hayato, and their dish washer, a short, slender high school student named Miyuki who had been the only one to respond to their help wanted ads thus far.

“We were lucky it was a friday, otherwise I would’ve had to go home early for school,” Miyuki noted.

“I’ve been trying to find more help,” Hayato replied, his tone serious and portraying no amount of exhaustion despite the long day, “but so far no one’s been interested.”

It would seem weird that a newly opened restaurant would have no prospective employees applying for jobs there, but Ciara knew all too well that, even in a place like Nova City, which was generally more accepting to supernatural beings like herself and Hayato, there were certain stigmas still associated with them. In particular, vampires were infamous for having a close-knit, brutal underground society not unlike a mafia. Ciara wouldn’t be surprised if people simply assumed Hayato was a part of that society and didn’t want to get wrapped up in vampire business.

“Well, have a good night, guys! I’m off!” Miyuki waved, heading for the back door.

“Yes, you worked hard today, thank you and have a good night,” Hayato called after her. He then turned to Ciara.

“So, shall we be headed home as well?”

“Yeah, I’m exhausted.”

The two lived together. It wasn’t like they were a couple or anything, but certain circumstances lead to them living together. Ciara didn’t have a job at the time and Hayato’s situation was complicated, but essentially he wound up with a lot of money and no place to stay. Ciara had been desperately trying to scrounge up rent anyway, and her apartment had been for two people in the first place, before her roommate bailed on her. So, the two came to make an arrangement. Hayato would pay the rent and start up a restaurant, and Ciara would work for him at the restaurant. This solved both of their problems at the same time.

“I’m sorry if I’m pushing you too hard,” Hayato spoke suddenly.

Ciara looked over at him in surprise, “Oh, no no, it’s fine! You’ve been trying to find help, I don’t mind putting up with it a bit longer. You’ve done me so many favors, I’m really grateful.”

“I know, but I still feel guilty sometimes,” Hayato replied, “After all, you work really hard all the time and it’s hard for me to give you breaks when we’re busy. I mean, I’ve seen you collapse after nights like tonight. Or there are times when you put off your own needs during shifts because it’s busy. Like the other night when you almost-”

Ciara blushed, “W-we… I told you to never speak of that again!”

“Oh, right, sorry,” Hayato replied.

The two fell into a comfortable silence after that, or at least, it would’ve been a comfortable silence. Unfortunately, Hayato’s comment had reminded Ciara of something.

“Oh crap, I didn’t use the bathroom before leaving the restaurant tonight! I was so exhausted I totally forgot.”

She placed her hand on her abdomen, feeling a slight bulge. She had been holding it in for a while, but through habit and sheer force of will, she had pushed the urge to the back of her mind. Now, however, it came rushing back, and she felt herself pressing her thighs together as she had to actively fight the strong urge to pee. The walk back to their apartment was about 5 minutes. That was doable. Ciara steeled herself for the desperate walk back and fell further behind Hayato so he wouldn’t notice her awkward gait.

The walk home had been uncomfortable, but uneventful. Ciara didn’t have any close calls and while her desperation surged, she fought it valiantly and came out with her panties unscathed. Still, she was seriously grateful to see her apartment complex.

Hayato turned towards the stairs and Ciara paused. The walk home so far had been doable, but she had forgotten about the stairs. The elevator in the complex had been broken for a month now with no signs of being fixed any time soon. Ciara had been on her feet the whole night, her legs were already tired and burning with what was bound to be muscle soreness tomorrow. Piling desperation on top of that, and suddenly the walk up 6 flights of stairs to get to her floor sounded like an insurmountable task. Still, they were the last thing between Ciara and her apartment, and therefore, her toilet. She was going to make it.

Ciara began climbing the stairs and her bladder immediately protested. Ciara felt herself about to lose a leak and jammed her hand between her legs. Hayato wasn’t paying attention to her and there was no reason to keep up appearances if she was gonna wet herself while trying. She gripped herself tightly and hobbled up the stairs, finding a balance between going fast enough to stand a chance of making it to the bathroom on time, and going slow enough as to not lose it in the stairwell.

Each step sent waves of pain up her tired legs and waves of desperation through her. She focused her will and the idea that the second she reached the top, she would have a short dash to her apartment and then relief would be in her grasp. She was glad she still had her head in it’s harness. If she had tried to carry it around, she’d have one less hand to work with, and likely wouldn’t be able to hold herself.

After what seemed like a marathon, she finally made it to the top of the 6th and final flight of stairs. Her apartment was down the hall, but it was only a short walk. Luckily for her, Hayato had seemingly already entered, as he was nowhere in the hallway. Ciara made a mad dash for her apartment, and was surprised to see the door was open. Hayato might have left it open for her, but he was usually the kind of person who closed doors behind him without thinking.

Actually, usually when they walked home together, he’d have waited for her outside the apartment and they’d go in together.

Ciara entered her apartment and soon Hayato’s strange behavior made sense.

There, sitting on Ciara’s couch, was a woman wearing a low cut v-neck and a leather jacket, with jean shorts so short they couldn’t have been covering much more than her panties. Her bare legs were crossed casually, and she hadn’t bothered to take off her boots.

In her hand was a wine glass with liquid that looked too dark and thick to be wine.

Hayato was staring at her, his face expressionless. But Ciara could feel the apprehension and displeasure from the sight.

“Welcome home,” the woman grinned.

“Get out!” Hayato demanded, raising his voice slightly. It was a shock to Ciara, who had never heard him so angry before.

“Oho, is that how you treat your older sister after all these years? What’s wrong with a little reunion?”

Ciara was surprised to hear that woman was Hayato’s sister, but beyond that there was a bigger problem on her mind right now.

“I can’t believe this is happening! Hayato’s sister or not, this bitch broke into my apartment at the worst possible moment. I can’t just run to the bathroom in this situation, but I have to pee like crazy!”

Ciara tried to straighten up as much as possible as she crossed her legs together and bounced in desperation.

“Listen, Hayato,” his sister spoke, “I know we’ve had some bad blood between us in the past. When you left and refused to be part of the Society, I sided with Mom and Dad because I thought you were being naive and selfish. I’m here to apologize for that.”

“Apology accepted,” Hayato replied curtly, “Now leave.”

“Please do!” Ciara begged mentally, tensing herself up as another wave of desperation hit her. She squirmed and clamped her legs together, but in spite of her efforts, a leak escaped, soaking into her panties, “I’m about to wet myself!”

“Hold on, hold on!” Hayato’s sister held up her hands, “I’m not done yet. You probably think I’m here because I want something from you, but the truth is, I just came to warn you.”

“Warn me about what?” Hayato asked sternly.

“Adrian Tepes is dead. The Alucard family has lost their last heir to the “top” of the Vampire Society. You know what that means.”

“A war of ascension,” Hayato replied, “All the major vampire clans will be vying for that top spot.”

“The Masamune-Tojo clan is making some serious power moves,” Hayato’s sister continued, “I just wanted to warn you that you could get caught up in the crossfire if you’re not careful. Be on your guard.”

Hayato’s sister stood up and started for the door.

“Thank god!” Ciara celebrated.

Her desperation reached a peak and she practically doubled over. If Hayato’s attention hadn’t been solely on his sister, there was no way he would’ve missed Ciara’s desperate pee dance. She hopped from foot to foot and jammed both hands between her legs, doing her best not to audibly whimper in sheer desperation. Another leak escaped into her panties and she nearly lost it, taking all her willpower to hold it in.

“Hurry up and leave, I’m seriously on the verge of pissing myself!”

“Oh, and one more thing, little brother,” Hayato’s sister paused in front of him, holding up an application, “I saw your job posting at your little restaurant. I’m interested.”

Hayato narrowed his eyes, but still took the paperwork from her. Ciara prayed to god that this would be the end of it, but unfortunately, Ciara’s form caught the woman’s attention, and she peeked around Hayato. Ciara, in spite of herself, tried to straighten up and compose herself as best as possible now that the attention was on her. She let go of her crotch and through sheer will she held on somehow.

“Oh? Who’s this? A Dullahan girlfriend?” Hayato’s sister smiled, bending over and rubbing Ciara’s cheek playfully with her, “She is a looker, that’s for sure.”

“Leave her out of this,” Hayato replied sternly, “She’s just a roommate and coworker.”

“Oh, so you don’t have a relationship beyond that,” Hayato’s sister raised an eyebrow, “I guess that means you aren’t taken, cutie!”

The woman ran a slender finger down Ciara’s shoulder, which was exposed due to the sleeveless nature of her top. The touch was oddly electrifying, and Ciara felt herself involuntarily leak again. She let out a whimper and pressed her thighs together as a strong, violent wave of desperation struck her bladder.

“Don’t come out don’t come out don’t come out don’t come out!”

“My name’s Ayame,” Hayato’s sister introduced herself, “What’s yours?”

“C-Ciara,” Ciara stuttered, both out of desperation and also out of nervousness. She could feel her face burning as she blushed.

“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Ciara,” Ayame smiled. She finally let go of Ciara’s shoulder and turned around, “See you two soon!”

As she walked off, she seemingly dissolved away into a reddish black smoke. Ciara had seen Hayato do that once or twice as well, but he preferred to get around the old-fashioned way.

“Sorry about that, she has a tendency to flirt with everyone,” Hayato apologized, but Ciara was no longer listening. In fact, the second Ayame had disappeared, she had started the mad dash to her bathroom.

It was no longer about making it. Ciara’s leaks had turned into full-on spurts and her panties and leggings were already getting wet. But if she could get the majority of her bladder’s contents into her toilet and not soaked in her clothes and on the floor, she’d consider that a win at this point.

She made it to the bathroom and slammed the door closed behind her, not wanting any chance of Hayato catching her embarrassing predicament. She rushed to the toilet and faced the last challenge, fighting with her frilly skirt to pull down her pants and leggings. Unfortunately for Ciara, her body had run out of time. Even as she tried to bunch her skirt up so she could reach underneath and pull down her undergarments, she reached her limit and felt the pent up pee about to burst out of her. Unable to hold it back anymore and with no time to remove her clothes, she gave up and rushed over to the bathtub. Before she had even gotten her second leg over the side of the tub, her muscles gave out and she started peeing uncontrollably onto the floor of the bathtub.

Ciara’s sense of defeat and embarrassment was completely overshadowed by the sheer relief she felt finally letting go of all that pee. Because her head was still strapped to her waist from work, she could more strongly smell the scent of urine soaking through her clothes. She let the feeling of relief wash over her and had to brace herself on the wall to prevent her legs from completely giving out. The last thing she needed was to ensure that all of her skirt would be soaked through by collapsing onto the floor of the tub while still peeing. Her mind was tired and hazy from work, she didn’t even know how long she was peeing for. She just zoned out and bathed in the relief

It was only after she had finished wetting herself that her embarrassment came back full force. Even though Hayato hadn’t seen her wet herself, and she had technically made it into the bathroom, her skirt, panties, leggings, and shoes were soaked. She could take a shower easily, but getting her wet clothes to the small utility room where the washing machine was would be impossible to do without being noticed.

Ciara shrugged. She really didn’t care about that right now. Her clothes were wet and gross and she wanted out of them. She removed her head from it’s harness and placed it on the counter, getting a clear view of her body and her wet clothes. She had done a substantial amount of damage to them as far as wettings go, a testament to how much she had been holding.

As she stripped down, she heard a knock on the bathroom door and nearly jumped out of her skin in surprise.

“Hey, Ciara, I’m going out to find my sister,” Hayato replied.

“Huh? You aren’t seriously thinking about asking her to come work for us, are you?” Ciara asked.

“Ayame has never shown interest in separating herself from the Society,” Hayato spoke through the door, “but her specialty as a vampire is charisma. She can be very persuasive, and having someone like that at our restaurant might help us get more employees.”

“It would also make potential new hires avoid us even more, one vampire is easy enough to write off, but two from the same family working there?”

“True,” Hayato agreed, “But at the very least it’s worth a shot, and it might even help to keep Ayame away from the war of ascension.”

“Oh, concerned about your sister, are you?” Ciara teased.

To that, Hayato didn’t respond, and Ciara let out a sigh.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean-”

“No, it’s fine,” Hayato cut her off, “And yeah, I am a little worried about her. Ayame’s always been easily caught up in the schemes of others. Keeping her away from the clan where she’ll get roped into being used for their own gain is probably for the best.”

“You realize she probably has ulterior motives, right?” Ciara pointed out. The Dullahan wasn’t convinced that Ayame had just shown up just to apologize and warn her brother about the war of ascension. Something about that woman rubbed her the wrong way, and it wasn’t just because her unexpected visit had been the reason for Ciara’s wet clothes.

“I’ll make sure she’s got a short leash, so to speak. I’ll let her know I’m kicking her out at the first signs of trouble.”

Ciara sighed. Obviously Hayato had made up his mind on this one. It wasn’t like the extra help wouldn’t be unwelcome anyway. Ciara’s muscles and bladder had suffered greatly due to long shifts with no chance for breaks during busy hours. As popular as their restaurant had become, it was a lot to handle for one waitress. Hayato being the only chef was manageable only because of his superhuman speed and precision. Ciara herself was also stronger and faster than a human, but she couldn’t exactly take advantage of that while being a server like Hayato could while preparing the meals.

“Fine, fine, do what you want,” Ciara resigned, “But don’t say I didn’t warn you if things go south.”

Hayato said nothing more and Ciara figured he had slipped out to find his sister. All the better for her. She could take a shower and slip out to wash her clothes before he came back to catch the aftermath of her accident. She finished shedding her soaked garments and stepped over the wall of the tub before turning the shower on. A burst of cold water struck her back and she withdrew briefly until the water turned warm, then hot. She grabbed her head and placed it on a shelf installed strategically out of the stream.

She watched her own body as she lathered herself up and rinsed off, focusing on her nether regions and her legs. She could still feel her bladder tingling in the aftermath of holding it in for so long, and she distinctly recalled the blissful relief that had finally washed over her as she lost her struggle. Without realizing it, she had started touching herself, and upon realizing it, a fierce blush erupted on her face. She stopped and shook her disembodied head.

“What am I doing? Am I seriously getting turned on thinking about how bad I had to pee earlier?”

Ciara wasn’t about to entertain that idea. She was just tired, overworked, and more than a little stressed. That was all. It wasn’t that she was actually getting used to holding it for long periods of time, and starting to enjoy the relief that accompanied finally being able to let it all out. There was no way.

“Right?”

With that thought in her mind, as well as worries about Hayato and his sister, Ciara wondered exactly what she had gotten herself into.
