You are under pressure

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2024-05-17 11:12

Hi Omo lovers! This was a totally new type of commission given to me by one of my patrons - to write a story in 2nd POV. I had a blast writing it. Unlike my traditional style of extreme desperation this one is a realistic scenario of a 20 year old college girl. Check it out and please, please let me know your thoughts in the comments.

Chapter 1:

You hurry to the bathroom, thinking, "Why am I always bursting every morning?" You waddle towards the bathroom, feeling the pressure building up inside you. You quickly sit down on the toilet, feeling a huge relief as you finally release the pent-up pee. You breathe a sigh of relief as the ungodly pressure rapidly subsides in your belly. A strong 40-second pee later, you get ready for college. Being in a government college means typical old-school uniforms. However, you want to wear something new today. You smile to yourself as you put on a fresh shirt and a tight little thong and super short skirt. You feel excited and confident in your new outfit.

You rush downstairs where your mother has made you some nice breakfast and a fruit smoothie, in a bowl similar to a fish tank.

"Mom! That's too much to drink," you complain.

"It's good for your health, sweetie," your mother gently nudges you to drink it.

You reluctantly chug it down and rush to the nearby metro station, with your shoes half-tied. Right in front of your eyes, your daily metro disappears under the tunnel. You kick the air in annoyance. Thankfully, the next one arrives just five minutes later. Once you step inside, your bladder sends the first pangs. "Shit! I need to pee, already." You glance around to check if anyone is watching you. When you are sure, you sneakily adjust your miniskirt to get more comfortable. “Pheeeewww!” You sigh in relief.

However, it is just the beginning. "Hey! Everything OK? I always see you in class at 8:00 am," Sophie, your-friend-cum-crush texts you. She knows that you like to start your day early and reach college on time. But today, things are going south-hill. Just 15 minutes into the ride, the metro comes to a screeching halt under the dark tunnel. There's an uproar in the coach. Your heart starts to beat faster and all of a sudden your bladder seems fuller. Within a second your desperation has reached new heights. You tightly cross your legs and knead your thighs to comfort yourself.

Soon the driver makes an announcement, "There's a technical fault. Please do not panic. We will resume the journey in a few minutes."

You nervously tap your foot while looking around. "Will be there soon. Stuck in metro," you reply to Sophie. As you wait, you notice the clock and curse yourself for sipping half of the water bottle earlier and the cursed smoothie. Another 20 minutes later, the metro lugs forward. You almost fall down. The metro crawls to the station. "C'mon. C'mon," you push through the crowd towards the exit. Beads of sweat form on your eyebrows. As soon as the door opens, you sprint towards the bathroom.

"Girl, can't you see the notice?" the janitor yells at you. "It's being cleaned. Come back later."

"It's kinda urgent. I'll just take two minutes," you plead, but the janitor shoos you away.

Chapter 2: You hurriedly step out of the metro station and briskly walk towards the college. You can feel your bladder getting strained inside your underwear. After a 10-minute walk, you finally reach the college. 8:29 AM - the clock shows. You walk right past the door of the women's restroom, but you have no time. A minute later, and you'd be marked as 'Absent.' Thus, you take a deep breath and enter the assembly at 8:30 AM.

As the usual affairs continue, Sophie comes and stands right behind you. "Hey, you okay?" she whispers lest the teachers catch you talking. "I'm not okay," you want to say but all you can do is nod back, turning your head slightly to the back. It would be mortifying if she comes to know about your situation. You subtly pull the hem of your skirt lower, trying to get comfortable.

To the unversed, you're looking towards the dais, but your mind is battling the rising pressure. One after another, critical announcements happen since it's the first ever assembly of the new academic year, but you only pick up fragments of it. You cross your legs, trying to ease the discomfort. Every time you think that the announcement will be over, something new comes up. First, it's about schedules, then new teachers, then felicitations of the toppers and new infrastructure. It just keeps going.

"Fuck! When is this going to end?" you curse under your breath.

"You're acting like a school kid who has to pee. Just chill," Sophie teases you, noticing your fidgeting.

After the half-hour assembly, you all get to the classroom. You've never been happier in your life to sit in the chair. You sigh, drooping your shoulders low. The long-fought strain finally subsides. As the lecture progresses, you grow slower. "I can't keep up with the teacher, she's so fast," anxiety creeps in your mind. You capture the notes but every time you change your position, your bladder makes its presence felt. That sharp stinging pressure right at the tip of your pee hole. Just then, you hear the sound of a slam. It's your friend, her mouth is full of water she just chugged from her bottle. She has to cover her mouth with her palm to avoid spilling it out. When she catches your eye, she winks at you.

"What are you doing, Sophie?" you overhear Gracy say, whose eyes are glued to your friend.

“Chill! I just want to see how long can I hold my pee!” Sophie giggled.

“I so envy Sophie. I wish I had a bladder like hers.” Your mind races with thoughts just before another wave hits you hard. “Just one more hour for the lecture to end and then I will go.. .” Little do you know what’s in store for you.

In the second lecture, your teacher takes the class to the science lab. It is a room full of weird-looking machines and walls covered with engineering drawings rather than wallpaper. "Today we are going to study Bernoulli’s principle," the teacher announced as she led them to the apparatus. You squirm in your place merely looking at the two large tanks of water, a maze of tubes connected to each other, and a pump humming like a demon.

You shift anxiously as the teacher begins her explanation. The more she speaks about fluid dynamics, the more your own fluid dynamics become a pressing concern. You glance longingly at the door, calculating how quickly you can make your escape without drawing attention to yourself. To top it off, the teacher keeps using the words, "Flow", "Water", "Flood", and what not. Each word hits your bladder like a punch. Soon the teacher starts the experiment and presses a few buttons. The pump suddenly grows louder and the sound of rushing water through the tubes makes your bladder twinge. You cross your legs tightly, hoping to contain the impending disaster. But every splash and gurgle from the tanks keeps pushing the pee closer to your pee hole.

Then comes the moment you've been dreading – the teacher calls for a volunteer to assist with the experiment. You pray silently for someone else to raise their hand, but the room remains eerily quiet. Sophie is now fully aware of your predicament. With a mischievous grin, she grabs your arm and raises it. "What the hell, Sophie?" you pull your arm down, but it's too late. The teacher, oblivious to your plight, beckons you forward. "Excellent! Come on up, you."

You approach the apparatus with a forced smile, trying to ignore the frantic signals your bladder is sending. But as you reach out to adjust one of the valves, a sudden surge of water through the tubes causes you to jump back in alarm. "Careful there, you!" the teacher exclaims, giving you a puzzled look. You nod your head, your miniskirt fluttering slightly as you move. The entire class sees the veins on your forehead bulging out. "She will piss herself at this rate," Gracy whispers to Sophie, whose eyes are glued to the fidgety you.

Your heart pounds in your chest as you fight to maintain your composure. You push yourself to focus on the experiment. A strong dull ache makes you arch forward. You stand with stiff legs, your thighs pressed together, and your skirt riding up slightly. You lean forward, moving your body as little as you can. The waistband of your underwear is cutting into your skin, unknown to all. You can hear the water gushing and dropping through the tubes. Your concentration wanes, replaced by a single, all-consuming thought: you need to pee, and you need to pee now. From the corner of your eyes, you keep watching the clock. "What's wrong with the clock? I checked an hour ago and still only 10 minutes have passed!" you curse.

As the experiment continues, your desperation reaches new heights. Your bladder starts spasming. Every few seconds, it sends a strong wave surging down your pelvis. You move behind the apparatus where nobody can see your hand and shove it between your legs, trying to apply pressure to alleviate the pressure. “Focus! Focus!” You keep talking to yourself to focus on the experiment. A strong dull ache makes you arch forward. You stand with stiff legs, your thighs pressed together, and your skirt riding up slightly. You lean forward, moving your body as little as you can. All your mind is echoing with a single, all-consuming thought: you need to pee, and you need to pee now.

Half an hour later, the teacher wraps up the experiment. "Well done, girl" she exclaims, oblivious to the silent struggle taking place right in front of her. "Now, would you please summarize to the class what we learned today?" You mind is a blur as you stand there, shaking, and squirming under the tremendous pressure. "Um, we learned about Bernoulli's principle," you manage to stammer out, your voice strained with the effort of holding back the inevitable.

The teacher nods approvingly, unaware of the battle raging within you. "That's right! And what is Bernoulli's principle?" she prompts, turning her attention to the rest of the class. You struggle to recall the lesson through the haze of discomfort. "It's, uh, it's about... the relationship between... fluid velocity and pressure," you gasp out, your words punctuated by a sharp twinge from your bladder.

The teacher smiles, pleased with your response. "Exactly! Bernoulli's principle states that as the velocity of a fluid increases, the pressure exerted by that fluid decreases. Well done, class!" But you're not listening. You shift uncomfortably, your skirt riding up slightly as you squirm. Your shirt clings to your sweaty skin, making you feel even more anxious. With every passing second, you're losing your capacity to fight. Your bladder feels like a ticking time bomb. As the clock crawls by, you begin to writhe in agony. Your bladder screams in protest. It's a weird, uncomfortable feeling inside you, slowly building up pressure.

The air in the classroom seems to thicken, heavy with the stench of stale air and stagnant sweat. Your eyes feel dry, and your skin clammy with the effort of holding it together. Your thighs, once a comfortable perch, now keep squeezing your legs. You glance desperately at the clock, willing the minutes to pass faster so you can make your escape. But the teacher keeps ranting. Your body is drenched in sweat now, and the pressure is making your toes curl. You shift from foot to foot, your entire body trembling with the effort of holding back the inevitable.

Finally, unable to bear it any longer, you interrupt the teacher mid-sentence. "Ma’am.. .uh, I need to go to the bathroom," you blurt out, your voice strained with desperation. The teacher blinks in surprise, finally registering your distress. "Just two more minutes. We are wrapping up the session," she says.

"Just a little more... Just a little more... " You keep pushing yourself.

Finally, the lecture comes to an end. Just like the other students, you waddle away from the apparatus and inch towards the door. "Hurry the fuck up!" You scream in your mind as the herd of students takes forever to get out. You crane your neck to see how many more students are in front of you. A couple of minutes later, as you are about to step out of the door, you hear someone call your name. Your stomach churns with fear. As you slowly turn around, you see Sophie waving to you.

Chapter 3:

I am sorry. It was just a prank. A fake pout is pasted on her plump lips. You gulp down your throat as you scan the silhouette of her top-heavy curvy figure. The feeling of butterflies replaces the feeling of the dull ache in your bladder. You squeeze your legs tighter and pull your skirt down, feeling a bit self-conscious about the short hemline. You're wearing a fitted shirt that accentuates your curves, and you can't help but feel a flutter in your chest as you take in Sophie's playful demeanour.

"It's... It's fine, really." Though you are angry with her, you find yourself smiling as if nothing had happened. Despite the ache, you straighten yourself and walk back to her. You anxiously shift your weight from one foot to the other, nodding and smiling to Sophie's banter. From the corner of your eyes, you watch the clock leap the minutes. 10:30 turns to 10:45 to 10:55. You feel heat behind your ears. You are about to interrupt Sophie, when Gracy enters the classroom.

"Sophie – what are you doing? You didn't GO?" Gracy asks. "You finished an entire litre."

"NO MOM!" Sophie mocks her, "I am in control! I and she can hold it." She playfully nudges you. "Can't you?"

You suck it up, "Yes, yes. It was just a sudden wave back then." You don't want to come across as a weakling in front of Sophie. For the remainder of the 5 minutes, you steel yourself to clench and squeeze. You try to distract yourself by fantasizing about her, but the pressure in your bladder is threatening to explode, and you are getting increasingly uncomfortable. "Why the hell did I do that!" You curse yourself as a drop leaks out of your underwear.

Soon you are all back in the classroom. With mixed feelings of arousal and desperation, you take your seat next to Sophie. You can't stop staring at her milky thighs disappearing under her short skirt. Her casual demeanour is replaced with tightly crossed legs and slight bouncing. "Looks like I am not the only one who needs to pee," you console yourself. After a while, you hear your name being called out,

"Hey you! Why don't you come on the dais and explain the concept of angular momentum to all of us instead of Sophie alone."

A chill goes down your spine. The teacher spotted you being inattentive.

"GO TO THE DAIS!", Sophie mouths to you, hiding her face.

"I am so sorry Ma'am. I will pay attention now." You plead, only to be turned down again.

You reluctantly go to the dais, clenching your muscles with all the power you can muster. The teacher asks you to hold a heavy steel rim and makes you sit on a rotating chair. All eyes are on you now. Sweat glistens on your forehead. Your throat dries up. Your cross your legs tightly fearing the few more drops of pee sitting at the tip. Holding the rim straight is taking too much energy away. "Don't cross your legs, Reader. Sit straight," the teacher instructs sternly. You uncross your legs, giving the entire class an eyeful of your white undies. You squeeze your thighs press together and starts rotating the steel rim. A minute later, she asks you to extend your arm and gently pushes the chair. The next moment, you find yourself rotating on the chair with varying speeds as the teacher keeps bombarding you with angles and instructions. You are shaking now.

After half an hour of enduring the spinning torture, your sphincter can't bear it any longer. A warm jet of pee shoots into your tight underwear. Sensing the sudden warmth between your legs, you spring up and boom! You come crashing down from the chair and the heavy steel rim lands right on top of your bladder. You yelp in pain and hands immediately fly down to your crotch. The skirt does little to hide your goodies underneath. And your white underwear now bears a small pee stain. The entire class bursts into laughter, including Sophie. Your face is red as a tomato and bladder boiling like a lava. You walk down to your chair with your head hung low, pulling you skirt tightly to prevent anyone from taking a peek.

As soon as you sit, you cross your legs as tightly as you can, trying to stem the flow.

"Pssst! Hey, do you need to go to the bathroom?" Gracy whispers to you.

"I am f-fine," you manage to squeak, not wanting to attract more ire from the teacher.

As the clock crawls by, your body begins to writhe in agony. Your bladder screams in protest. It's a weird blob-like feeling inside your pelvis slowly inching towards the pee hole. The air in the classroom seems to thicken, heavy with the stench of stale air and stagnant sweat. Your eyes feel dry, and your skin is clammy with the effort of holding it together. Your thighs, once a comfortable perch, now keep squeezing your legs. Even the slightest twitch of your labia makes you shudder. The wetness of your underwear is getting colder by the minute, adding to your irritation. The clock's slow tick-tock seems to slow down every time you look at it. The teacher's words, grow louder. It is a harsh reminder that you are trapped, stuck in the vicious cycle of desperation.

During the last 10 minutes, you just keep your head down on the table. Your grip on your thighs tightens, your fingers white-knuckled with tension. Your legs furiously bob up and down. Nothing else matters to you. After a long treacherous wait, the bell finally rings, and within a split-second, you spring up from your seat. Your eyes scan the room for the quickest path to the door, but to your utter dismay, the teacher stands firm, a stone-faced bitch, blocking your escape.

"Sit down, Reader," the teacher growls, "You've caused enough disturbance today. I need to complete this section."

"Can I please go to the bathroom?" you plead, eyes brimming with tears.

"That would be a no!" the teacher shushes you.

"Looks like you're gonna pop, Reader," Sophie teases. "I suppose you wouldn't want to hear the sound of..." She starts shaking her water bottle. You shut your eyes tight and turn your head the other way.

"STOP IT, Sophie! Don't make fun of her," Gracy pulls Sophie's arm.

"What! Can't I have a little fun?" Sophie rolls her eyes. "I've barely finished my bottle and I'm not even squirming."

"Shut up, Sophie!" Gracy silences her.

Chapter 4:

Your bladder is burning from within. The entire recess is eaten away by the teacher, and now Evelyn, the middle-aged teacher who looks more like she's in her twenties, is already on the door. She commands absolute authority over the students. Had it been any other day, you would have feasted your eyes on her, but today you're battling the formidable force inside your bladder. As Evelyn comes in the class, you rise along with the others, but you can only curtsy in your place, your skirt crumpled between your legs. Another spurt escapes into your underwear, forming a tiny dot on your shirt. You swiftly adjust your skirt, trying to hide the stain.

"Just ask her for a bathroom break! Don’t be scared!" Gracy tries to encourage you. However, you can't even open your mouth.

Evelyn catches your tensed body language. From her position, it's easy to see every single detail - your jaws clenched, eyes bulging out, forearms shining due to sweat. Right next to you is Sophie, who too is fanning her legs. Though she looks much calmer than you. "Gosh! I have two people to play with. Is it my birthday today?" She bites her lips greedily. The fullness in her own bladder is adding to her arousal. She pulls out the remote of the Air conditioning and drops the temperature to 20° Celsius. The look on your face is priceless. Goosebumps appear all over your body, and you immediately start rocking back and forth. But the game has just begun.

Evelyn comes up with another idea. She announces to the class that she'll take a surprise test. The whole class starts murmuring. The displeasure is clear, but she won't let this chance go. She quickly projects 50 mathematics questions on the board and gives you 30 minutes to solve. The class goes silent except you. Sweat drips from your forehead onto the paper. Your hands shove between your legs shamelessly. Your groans and restlessness drive Evelyn crazy.

"Are you ok?" She asks, feigning concern. "Here, have some water. You look so flustered." She hands over a tall glass of water to you.

"I – I need to p... "

"I know you need to perform. So, drink this and focus." She almost shoves the glass to your lips.

You can't even oppose for the fear of getting scolded or worse, lose your load. Evelyn lustfully watches you drink till the last drop of water is gone. You are shaking now. Your fists are tightly closed and on the table. You can distinctly feel the cool of the water making its way through your chest and then to your bladder. Another jet of piss erupts from your body. You gasp for air. You crumple the answer sheet between your fingers. Sophie and Gracy look at you fight with all your powers, impressed at your determination. Half an hour later, Evelyn rings the buzzer.

You are in fits now, curled up in your seat. "Hey! Use my bathroom pass and run," Gracy throws your pass to you. You feebly raise your hand.

"M-Ma'am, can I please go to the b-bathroom? It's.. .it's really urgent!" Tears roll down your cheeks.

"You know the rules of the class, Reader. No bathroom breaks. You are an adult now."

"P-please Ma'am. I can't." You are at the end of your tether.

"You must hold it!" Evelyn slams the remote on her table. That is the moment. You. Are. Done.

You cry out in despair as you grab your crotch for dear life. Your nails dig into your thighs, but nothing can stop the fury of your bladder. The coin-sized spot grows rapidly, and steaming drops turn into a full-fledged stream. Everyone can hear the hissing sound under your miniskirt. The light grey of your shirt turns dark, running down your legs. Your pent-up pee splatters on your chair and then onto the floor. The yellow steaming puddle grows rapidly under the chair, spreading in all directions.

The class goes into an uproar. A few students seated behind giggle shamelessly. While the others who too need to pee sympathize with you. There are a few who even grab themselves to prevent meeting a fate like yours. Gracy snatches away the mobile phones of the bullies who try to record the scene. Some students cover their noses and the ones around you move away from their chairs as the puddle approaches their feet. Sophie's control is slipping rapidly. The sheer volume gurgling through your tightly grabbed legs makes her bladder scream for relief. For the first time since last night, her seal breaks. A warm jet of piss escapes in her thong. She knows an accident is imminent. Without wasting a second, she sprints out. No one notices that she too has started leaking. A trail of pee runs down her legs and on the floor as she makes her way towards the ladies' bathroom.

Evelyn can't believe her eyes. She drools through her red lips. Her heartbeat pounds in her ears. Her undies get moist from inside. She fumbles on to her chair, hands gripping the edges of her table. She fights her inner demons to stop fondling herself in the middle of the class. Bringing herself out of her lustful trance, she yells aloud, "Class dismissed!" You are now seated in your puddled chair, sobbing. Rivulets of tears run down from your eyes. Your hair clings to your sweaty face. The only good thing about it is the feeling of an empty bladder. The dull ache in your bladder is gone. Your miniskirt feels more comfortable, ignoring the drench.

"I – I'm so sorry. I didn't think you would... " Evelyn apologizes with a hesitated voice. "Please don't tell this to anyone. I, I might lose my job."

Without saying a word, you stand up and leave the class. Your shoes squelch. The fabric of your miniskirt clings to your legs. Your groin and thighs feel cold. You hang your head low and simply walk towards the nurse's room.

"God, please! Don't let anyone see me! Please... Please... Please..."

Chapter 5:

After a long, lonely walk across the corridors, you finally reach the secluded nurse's office. You slam the door behind you and burst into tears. You start hitting yourself on your face in despair. But then suddenly, your eyes fall on another girl, looking at you intently. "Don't do that. Don't hurt yourself." She gently smiles and comes to you. The ID card strapped to her shirt mentions her name as Stacy. She is in the first year of graduation. You scan her from head to toe. She blushes as she feels your gaze. Her skirt is absolutely drenched, and her socks are stained. The wet spot on her seat indicates that she arrived there just a few minutes ago.

"I... I thought no one else would be here, Stacy," you break your silence, trying to hide your tears.

"Neither did I expect a 2nd year student to wet herself," Stacy holds your hand and asks you to sit. "How did it happen to you?"

You take a deep breath, trying to explain. "I am not supposed to wet like this! I wish I had woken up early. I started my day at 7 and for the first time, I tried that damned glass of fruit smoothie. I should have never taken it. Even before I got on to the train, I was feeling the need to pee. I thought I could go once I reached the college, but no! The train got stuck for half an hour and then the janitor had to clean the bathroom right when I reached the station. No one knows how I managed”

I can feel you; Stacy began. “I skipped my morning pee, thinking I could get away with it. But, as I went for a run, my phone ran out of battery. I couldn’t check the time and got late for breakfast. I somehow finished my breakfast, squirming in my seat. I had my swimming classes today. So, to save the time of packing, I put on my swimsuit under my college uniform. By the mid-day break, I was bursting. I hurriedly went to the bathroom only to realize that the swimsuit isn't exactly practical. I mean, it is so tight that I couldn’t slide it to the side. My heart sank as I realized that I fucked up! I COULD NOT PEE! I took a deep breath and returned to the class hoping that somehow I will try to pee in the next break but well, my bladder had other plans. And here I am now, with you.”

You continue to talk to Stacy and suddenly someone slams the door of the room open. It’s the nurse. She bolts towards the bathroom. Her bladder is bulging under her tight belt, and you can almost see the balloon-like protrusion. Once the door is locked, the room echoes with a loud moan, "Ohhhhhhh!" What follows is a loud hissing noise of water splattering in the WC. "Damn! She had to go!" Stacy whispers to you. The second hand of the clock makes one complete rotation, and the nurse keeps on peeing. Her stream is as ferocious and groans louder. After another minute, the gusher turns into a trickle and finally stops. Yet the nurse doesn't come out immediately. The wet duo outside can only hear the nurse panting inside the bathroom. "GOSH! I needed that" She talks to herself as she opens the faucet to wash her hands.

As you wait, the nurse steps out. Her face, perfectly relaxed. Sweat wiped off. And the bulge on her uniform gone. "Whoa! A fresher and a second year together. You poor kids. You are at nurse Jenny's right now. So don't you worry." She jubilantly throws a towel to both of you and points towards the shower.

Stacy goes inside without a second thought as the plump nurse watches. She strips down her shirt and miniskirt. The nurse's eyes widen as she ogles at her curves. Her breasts and hips bulge out of the seams of her swimsuit underneath. Her skin is indented and red with tightness. The fabric snaps to her skin several times as she tried to get rid of it. But before the nurse could really see more, she pulls the curtain, giving you a knowing look.

"Do you want to join Stacy?" The nurse winks at you. You feel embarrassed as she caught you. "C'mon, what are you waiting for? Get some warm shower." The nurse urges you to strip.

"No. This can't be right." You protest.

"Well, I thought you enjoyed the little strip show of Stacy." The nurse comes closer to you. Your heart is throbbing as you stare right into her cleavage. Her heaving chest is just an inch away from your face. She, on the other hand, slowly unbuttons your shirt. By the time you realize, your shirt is dangling on your body. You hurriedly back off.

"We are college students. We can't be coaxed to strip just like that.” You yell at her.

"Damn straight. College students should not wet themselves either." Jenny commands. "IN THE SHOWER NOW!"

You realize it's futile to argue with her and step into the shower. You feel Jenny's gaze dig into your neck. With a red face, you try to pull the curtain, but she stops you. “I need your clothes.” She points at your skirt. You need to give her the clothes to get them cleaned. You nod and slowly remove your clothes. The skirt especially clings to your legs like a second skin. As you pull the fabric, you leave a trace of pee on your legs. She salivates at the sight of your legs.

“That must be pinching your butt.” Jenny comments on your tight undies.

"What do you mean?" You grab the waistband tightly.

“You know what I mean, babe!” Jenny steps into the shower. She pushes you to the wall and smells your neck. You are scared and turned on at the same time. You feel your body responding to her touch. She squeezes her thigh tightly against yours. An electrifying sensation runs down your body. “I. .” You try to say something, but the words won’t come out. “You are so much fun! Meet me after the college.” Jenny bites her lips and pulls the curtain.

After a long hot shower, you and Stacy change into the spare school uniform provided by Jenny. She watches you lustfully as you pack your body into a new set of underwear. You seemed to be turned on as well, but you push aside your thoughts and get ready to go back. She spanks you as you step out of the room. With a raging arousal now, you reach the classroom.

The huge puddle left by you is mopped away, but your earlier seat still has an imprint of your bottom – totally drenched. "How can a girl pee so much." You overhear one girl talk. The students turn to look at you and whisper among themselves. "This girl peed herself. She must have been high." "She just kept on going." A few girls click your photo and type furiously in their phones. "Gosh! I am so glad the lecture got dismissed. I would have peed myself." Sophie whispers to Gracy as you walk past her. You cautiously avoid looking at anyone and take a seat at the back.

"I'm sorry about earlier, I hope you're feeling now." Sophie throws a chit to you. You look at her and gently smile. Soon the next lecture commences, and the day continues like normal...

- - - The End - - -

