Wet Wednesday

Author: Redboi

*000*2021-06-23 20:59

Hello all, I’m back once again. Today is Wednesday, and before each day I’ll recap what has happened previously.

Monday: Elena after her first bed wetting accident in years, loses her job after her and her friend Susie wet themselves in the boardroom. The two afterwards set off to find something to do after their firing.

Tuesday: After another bed wetting accident, Elena was invited to join her friend Susie at the park. After “getting lost” Elena and Susie both end up wetting off the path. Elena was left wondering if they really got lost or if this was planned by Susie.

Wednesday:

“Alright class, today is testing day, so that means we will be operating on lockdown procedures, so that means no leaving the room for any reason. You may now begin your test.”’

Elena looked around, she was in a classroom. This classroom looked all too familiar, it was her high school advisory room. That must have meant that Susie was there too. She looked around for her, but couldn’t see her. Everyone else was there though.

She looked at her paper, which was this foot thick (or around 30.48 cm long) stack of papers. She never really recalled testing being this long. Elena looked up at the board. The test was 8 hours long. How is this even possible? Where is Susie? What test even is this? I gotta ask the teacher.

She approached the teacher who gave her a nasty look as of realization that she was clueless of the scenario. The teacher briefly explained that this was a test that would be sent to vast colleges around the country if she did well enough.

”Where is Susie? Shouldn’t she be taking this test too?”

The teacher shook her head, “Susie, she was a disappointment to this here school. She was expelled last year due to her disgracing said school by wetting herself in the middle of testing. Oh, and by the way, if you think that you wouldn’t suffer the same fate, think again.”

Elena at that moment felt a pit in her stomach. It felt as if at that moment pee pooled into her bladder and made its weight double. Eight hours of testing . She was going to wet herself for sure.

…

Page after page, number after number, the pressure just kept applying itself to Elena’s poor bladder. Elena was very well known to wetting herself in high school, as she had done it 7 times in just her freshman year alone. She looked up at the clock, thirty minutes had passed. She contemplated trying to somehow search deep down in herself for a miracle, but knew better and considered her two options.

Option one was pretty simple. She could just go right in her seat and hope nobody noticed until the end of the test. The only downside was that she was sitting right next to someone and they would for sure hear.

Her other option was the long shot. She could try and convince her teacher to unlock the door and let her go to the bathroom.

She decided that before doing option one, she might as well try option two. She already was full enough that she had to hobble over to the teacher whilst doing a dance. The teacher already knew, “if you’re going to try asking to get out of here, I’m afraid to say there’s no chance.” Elena sighed and started to move back to her desk, “however, I do have this.” She pulled out what looked to be just a normal everyday pull up diaper. “If you want to use this, I will allow it. Just don’t overflow it.” Elena snatched it from her and made her way back to her desk.

She knew she had to change out of her pants and underwear in front of the class but didn’t really care at that moment. Once on Elena fastened up her jeans and just started peeing in her laid down position without hesitation. The relief wasn’t long lasted though, as she felt pee pool onto her butt and soak into the carpet. Her heart dropped. The pull up wasn’t even close to able to withstand a full on torrent of teenager pee, and she knew it.

Once visible to everyone else she heard the chitter chatter pick up around her. The teacher approached her. “Come with me.”

…

Elena woke up again and already felt the difference in her bed. This was now the third time in three days. She chuckled, at least she had wet the other side of her queen size bed, now it all looked the same color. It was now time to wash it.

Moving towards the washer with her soaked bedsheets, Elena felt her phone buzz. It was Susie again.

Susie: Hey girl, I wanna drive you out to see some people.

Elena knew this probably meant another chance for a new job, which was definitely needed for her.

Elena: Alright, that sounds fun.

Susie: Alright, see ya at 9

…

Elena saw Susie’s car approach her driveway. Susie popped her head out of the window and smiled at her friend. She gave a loud honk of her horn. “You ready?”

“Yeah, let’s go.” The drive was a long one, but having Susie there was all the difference for Elena. Her bond with Susie had felt like it improved tenfold ever since they were both fired. There was just something about the familiarity the two had with each other. Elena really felt she had something special with Susie.

“We’re here.” Susie pulled into a parking lot of a small building. The exterior was colored yellow, which was quite irregular. The place was called “The Model”.

“Let’s go in, they’re expecting us.”

Once in the building a man in a white lab coat approached the two women. “Welcome to The Model, here, please take our complementary beverages, on the house.” The man smiled a big fat grin. He had angelic white teeth.

Susie gave him a smile, “hey Rodger, this is my friend Elena, she just got fired from her recent job, and I just wanted you to present her with your best product. Oh, also, I’m thinking about applying at the end of the week.”

Rodger looked thrilled. “That’s amazing Susie. Now, as for your friend,” he scoped around Elena’s body, “she looks well suited for the occupation. Say, why don’t you bring her back on Sunday and if she interested, she can have the job.

Elena’s face brightened up quickly. “That’s great! Thank you!”

“My pleasure. Enjoy the free samples.” Rodger then made his way to an albino white door and slipped inside.

Elena was thrilled as she took a look at the weird liquid she was given by Rodger when they walked in. It had a bit of purplish taint to it but otherwise just looked like water. She drank it. It was delicious. Susie quickly downed hers too, “so, shall we go home?”

…

Elena was starting to get worried. That drink somehow sent her bladder off the edge. She was doing fine when they left, but all of a sudden, she was struggling. She probably should let Susie know. “Hey Suz, I need to go pee. Can we find a place to stop?”

Susie looked at her like she was crazy, “why stop? It’s fine, I have precautions for when I need to pee and don’t want to stop.” She pointed at a glove box in between them, “open that and grab what you need.”

Elena opened the glove box. It was just full of plastic wrap. She looked over at Susie with a confused look. “So what do I do with this?”

Susie looked at her like she was a 2 year old, “just put it below your butt on the seat and then just go, that way it will save the seat.”

Elena unfastened her buckle and spread out the plastic seat around her seat. It fit perfectly. She then realized there was no time to question as the pain was quickly growing. Once set Elena felt her bladder release before she could even let go. Pee poured out into her jeans and onto the plastic below her. The seat below the plastic never got soaked, but her jeans did. Once finished Elena didn’t feel any embarrassment or disgust. She felt happiness and excitement.

She then heard Susie’s voice, “hey, could you give me one of those sheets?”

Thanks for reading! If you ever feel like I’m doing a poor job or wanna recommend anything just let me know. I read the comments I get on my stories and love to read every single one of them.

