[Old Stories from My Blog]: Exploding Erica

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2025-12-31 08:25

Exploding Erica

" Ma'am, r u ok? it seems u need to take a trip to the bathroom..... ", said the sales-boy to Erica as he saw her panting, squirming and doing the pee pee dance. She was sweating so badly that her thin and tight white top which hardly covered her 38DD boobs was sticking to her completely wet skin. Her cleavage was shining with sweat and every one could see her erect nipples pointing out and to add to this she had some wonderful piercings on her navel which added beauty to her 24" waist.

Also her skin-tight, air-tight jeans which had no zipper at the front but buttons with lace at back were clinging to her beautiful long legs. but apart from all this everyone's eyes fell on her massively bulged bladder. it was so big that one of the sales-boy thought her to be 6 months into pregnancy, and some other man suspected if she stole a basket ball from the mall. Her actual 24” waist now looked more like a 32” !

“I will control! U keep showing me the 20” inch corsets!”, replied Erica angrily!

All these things had made Erica's mom furious and steaming with anger. "I'm fed up of this Erica. Y don't u just go and relieve urself?"

Erica who was still trying hard to keep her hands away from her crotch and keep still, turned to her mom and with gasps and gritting teeth,

"Oh c'mon....m...mom....u know how busy ....i.... i had been the last two days... i simply couldn't find time to pee... it had just been 54 hours.... its just a slight.... negligible urge... i’m grown up mom and must wait!”

“ Oh! Is that really so? Just an urge, huh? Is that the reason I see that basket ball bladder?.. just shut up and go to the bathroom!”, replied her mom sternly.

“NO WAY! i ……I’m n….not going to.... the toilet [I’Mdying for it- in her mind]. Even if my bladder bursts!.I haven’t waited….t….this long..just to let it go like this….[OMG OMG OMG!- in her mind]…I am and… ADULT now… I have to hold…. Hold it in always.. I like denying myself relief… And .its completely justified….i certainly don’t want to be called…a..as..a school girl who runs to….the toilet…. Just to stay…..stay comfortable…instead I prefer controlling myself even in worst of pains….. and show every one that I don’t succumb to my needs and have excellent control……[CONTROL CONTROL CONTROL-In her mind ] over bodily functions…so I keep holding all the time and will

Continue to do so throughout my l…l….life."

“If that is really so my GROWN up girl, then from now onwards I will never allow u to use the bathroom anywhere not EVEN at home. From now till ur death u will keep all ur pee inside ur bladder and I would like to see u waiting always!”, replied her mother angrily.

“It will .. be … a pleasure Mom! I will… prove…that….i can behave normally and… live..comfortably…with…a bursting bladder!”, she answered back!

“Great! Then I should not see you doing ANYTHING that helps you hold ur pee! No more bending, crossing of legs, curling toes, grabbing the crotch, lip biting, pee-pee dancing, no gritting of teeth, no panting, and so on. I should not even see u trembling or holding ur breath! In fact u should never use the words like PEE, TOILET, and BATHROOM, from u again. Failing to do so, u will have to bear the wrath of highly powerful diuretics! And the time starts now!”, added her cruel mom.

Erica never thought her mom could go this extreme but she had no choice but to comply with her orders! Without giving a second thought she accumulated all her strength and straightened herself which led to an extremely painful spasm inside her bladder, big enough to open her flood gates but she kept quiet and clenched her muscles even harder!

Now it was the time to try the 20” corset……….

Erica went in the trial room. She was shivering with her constant tense efforts to hold the fiery pressure behind her pee hole! But after hearing the last few words she kne w it was her last ever chance to do whatever she could to hold her pee!

She quickly undressed herself and the moment she unbuttoned her jeans her bladder almost exploded out of expansion. She had tears in her eyes as she fought with the horrible spasms and the stinging pressure behind her labia. She twisted and crossed her legs as tight as possible and clenched her muscles as if blast doors are locked! She now genuinely felt that her words were too much and she was in big trouble!

She was gasping and was sitting as still as she could. Just when her mother slammed the door hard. She was shocked and lost a small spurt! “ ****! “ she exclaimed and it was heard by her mother!

“there u are! I know u lost it! Come on! Get ready for the diuretic!”, screamed her mother!

“ I’m all fine! I just fell down while wearing the jeans! Its way too tight!”, answered Erica somehow!

She got up once again preparing herself for the battle! She held her breath tight and at once buttoned her 24” jeans over her 32” waist! Compressing her basket ball bladder was too much since it already contained a load of 2 and a half litres!

But the game wasn’t over yet, she still had to try the 20” corset, which meant further compression of her exploding bladder! She failed to even bring the buckles and locks close to each other. Her bladder was now as hard as steel and it was not ready to get compressed further. She remembered her lessons of gym and with great determination she started to pull her abs in and out repeatedly which gave her the necessary power to force her bladder inside! It was a war bigger than a world war between her obsession to control and suppress her needs and her growing needs of her bladder! But she somehow won the war at the expense of her comforts. She know reached a new peak of extreme pain and sufferance!

Erica after wearing the corset quickly wiped off all the sweat from her body composed herself all with double crossed legs with curled toes and gritted teeth! She had to look normal which was no less than a mortifying torture for her burning bladder which was on the verge of tearing apart!

Erica once again breathed deep and held her breath and parted her legs and straightened herself. With reluctance she took her hands away from her crotch. But no matter how hard she tried she just couldn’t help bending slightly forward. She was in a big trouble. Bigger than what she had imagined! But there was more to come! When she came out her mother asked her to keep that corset on and after paying for all the shopping they did which consisted mainly of rubber and new metallic clothes they left for having snacks. While her mother would not look she would quickly grab her crotch and clench herself hard. She kept doing so as long as they sat in the café. Her mother forced her to drink three green iced tea which was almost a pint. Her bladder was giving her some nasty pains as all the pent up pee of nearly 56 hours were trying to make their way out.

Erica now just wanted to go the toilet now, badly! Never in her life she gave in to the situation. But it was now too much for her especially under her extremely tight clothes which were ruthlessly squeezing her bladder! And out of her mind she grabbed her crotch in front of her mother when a terribly strong stinging spasm and a hot wave hit her!

“Seems u want to carry some more liquid in your strong bladder! I hope they don’t flood out!”, said her mother. She ordered another green iced tea this time a double sized cup and mixed it with two super strong diuretic tablets which she always kept with her as Erica’s grandmother was undergoing some treatment.

“Why two?”, asked Erica.

“Oh! I think u r an adult and will deny urself the relief no matter what! So a flood of three won’t be a big deal!”, replied her mother and put one more tablet!

“I hope u will not run to the toilet. Ur grown up now!, teased her mother angrily. Erica tried to smile and without giving a second thought she drank the entire cup of tea ASAP!

It was less than a minute when she started to feel the heat of the new fluid being pumped at lightning pace into her bladder. But she was heroically keeping a normal composure and resisting a huge flood behind her muscles!

And after that they decide to go to a shoe shop! And as any one could guess it was time for some ballet heels for Erica….

The shop was on the next floor and her mom forced her to climb the stairs instead of the lift and every step force the pee rush to her flood gates and she had to stop every now and then. She would not miss a chance to squeeze her crotch which begged for relief. Soon they were in the shop and Erica being a fashionista ordered the highest heel stilettos.

A young sales girl came to her and started displaying her the pairs. But there was something wrong with the girl. She was trembling and crossing and recrossing her legs very often and her words ended with a whisper. And soon Erica relaxed that she too was bursting and within a second or two a small spot appeared on her small grey skirt and a drop or two came rolling down her legs but she held her breath and somehow stemmed the flow. It was a huge turn on for Erica and when she asked the sales girl about her holding she said,” I have a lot of work to do here and although I have facilities here I prefer controlling and complete my work first! That means no pee throughout the day no matter what!

“And what if ur bladder reaches its limits?”, asked Erica being excited.

“ I am an expert at kegels and I have trained my muscles to bear all sorts of pains and pressures! So I can easily wait for 28-30 hours although spurts like this do escape sometimes”, she said in a whisper which clearly showed how badly she had to go but simply decided not to!

That girl proved to be an intense source of inspiration and all of a suddenly she found strength and confidence to hold back her pee as long as she wished. Erica ordered the highest heel stiletto and decided to wear it the very moment. It was 7” high and the heels were very pointed and the soul was also very narrow!

She mustered up all her courage and stood up at once on those uncomfortable stilettos balancing her bursting bladder and clenching her muscles very now and then! They did not spend much time at the mall there after left for home. The ride was hell. Erica was asked to drive and it was impossible for her to keep her legs parted but she took the challenge!

Erica was sweating in spite of the AC switched ON and she moaned with pains and deep breaths as her bladder kept revolting against her decision to hold. The diuretics worsened the matters for her and while driving they were hit by a huge bump. The jerk was strong enough to break open her sensitive and painfully tired flood gates. Yes, indeed she leaked a spurt and immediately one of her hands grabbed and gave a tight squeeze her crotch! A golf ball sized wet spot appeared on her zip less and skin tight jeans made it clear to her mom that she had leaked!

“ ****! Just stay in u ******* liquid!”, screamed Erica under her breath! It all happened so fast that she completely forgot that she was not allowed to show any signs of desperation!

“ One more pint of diuretic!,” teased her mother.

“ M…mom, try to … try to understand its not so easy. I have taken a pee since the last 62 hours and I am still ho…holding!” replied Erica trying to compose herself.

“ But I heard u say that u can always hide ur needs and behave like an adult without leaking even a drop! So what happened now?”, asked her mother with sarcasm in her voice.

“ I….i will show u that… that I can control my toilet needs. I won’t pee…..even If u allow me!”, answered Erica knowing fully that it would be impossible! For the rest of the drive she kept tryi ng to find a comfortable position and relax her bladder. But her high heels, and unforgiving corset combined with the cramped leg space and the tight seat belt made things hell for her.

By 9pm i.e. by 63 hours of her hold they reached their home. Now it was the time to stand and no sooner she did so her bladder attacked her with one more wave. Erica was about to lose one more spurt but she bent double and gripped her crotch. She couldn’t help but her legs started swinging automatically and she kept standing and changing her feet to stand. Seeing her mother she tried to stand up straight and walk normally with all the shopping bags in her hands which were clenched tight with her super human efforts.

As Erica neared the door she grew more and more anxious. She became 1000X more desperate as she fumbled thru the keys and bounced with her efforts to open the door! She was panting and sweating badly but nothing helped and she lost one more spurt. This time it was big enough to reach her knees. But she was a fighter and somehow stemmed the flow. And in the meantime the door opened and she made a mad rush for the bathroom. But her mother caught hold of her. And she went ahead and locked the bathroom door. The night ahead was going to be extremely difficult for Erica……

Erica was stupefied and her mind was completely blank as she saw her mother locking away the bathroom door. She knew that she could not do anything to hold except clenching her muscles but she broke the pact. With great efforts and will power she straightened herself and parted her legs to stand normally. But all the times her eyes remained shut tight and she kept biting her lips.

“Two more pints of diuretic fluids will help you compensate for ur losses!” said her mother! Erica’s eyes widened with horror but she tried to act and said,” Huh! Just two pints! I can keep it pressed even if you allowed me to pee!”

Saying this Erica went to her room and decided to change into her nightie. It was a one piece PVC swimsuit which was extremely tight and uncomfortable. To cap it off it had no zipper at the crotch! She unlocked her corset and immediately her bladder bounced into expansion. It was as big as 4”! She ran her fingers slowly over her rock hard bladder and an electrifying sensation ran thru her body. She was hugely turned ON just by the thought that she was holding a good few liters of hot pent up pee inside her bladder that too with just her muscles and a corset put on! It gave her a new zeal to fight off her impeccable and pressing need!

Now it was time to squeeze herself into the PVC swim suit. Normally Erica would find it difficult to contain her big 38DD boobs but this time she had to stuff her 4” bladder too! After a long struggle she was finally able to do so. The game wasn’t over yet, she pulled in her belly in as hard as possible. It was very painful and tough. Her efforts almost shot open her flood gates but she stayed brave and didn’t let her bladder get relief for which it had been crying for 64 hours! This was still not over as she further compressed it with her hourglass 20” corset thinking that it would be impossible to wear it later if she wouldn’t do it then! Soon she was successful at that too! She stood in front of her mirror and looked at her sweating body. She put on a big loose t-shirt so as to prevent her mother from knowing what she was wearing beneath and went downstairs slowly.

Erica slowly came downstairs preparing herself mentally for more harsh diuretics. She looked at her mother and thought,” why the hell did my father marry this *****! I wish my mother would not have met with the road accident! At least I could pee!” this very thought excited her bladder and made her want to pee more. She quickly gave it a squeeze

Erica’s mother was actually her STEP MOTHER! She was in her thirties, an attractive and curvaceous woman with nice big boobs. It was the first time when Erica looked curiously at her mother! Though she loved her she was very strict with her. She was wearing insanely tight jeans with her thong peeping from her waist line and a tight tank top without a bra with a deep neckline! A closer look revealed to Erica that she was shifting her weight from foot to foot and was shivering. At that moment Erica realized how desperate her mother was! She remembered that she had not availed a single toilet break since the morning 6 that counted 16 hours!

Her mother was trying not to look desperate in front of Erica but she was too expert in reading subtle body signals. And LO! She brought her dinner with a huge jug of water mixed with diuretic tabs. Erica was supposed to drink that alone. Almost 3 pints! But she would not let down the challenge and decided to pump more liquid to show her mother how it has to be hold! But as the dinner progressed her mother grew more and more f idgety and absent mindedly she drank a pinto of the same diuretic water without realizing her big mistake!

Soon the dinner finished with the ladies carrying more liquids for their bladder! It was midnight and both of them looked at the bathroom door longingly. Erica was denied permission and her mother could not go becoz of ego! Later Erica went and put a tape on the bathroom door when her mother was in her room in such a way that it was visible only to her and not her mother.

The night was dead silent, cold and insanely slow! Both of them were struggling beneath their blankets and doing everything they could to hold their floods in! Relief near yet not reachable! Imagine their agony! No relief, no leaks, no matter what!

The next morning at 6, 72 hours for Erica and 24 hours for Sally (her mother) they both woke up with their hands glued to their crotch. Erica was surprised at her ability since she made it the entire night without leaking one drop. However frantic she was and it was taking more than 100% e fforts and concentration to hold. The pressure, the spasms, the waves, the sweat, the pinching of her small swimsuit, her devastatingly itchy privates were making things worse for her. She dare not move but she had to, since she had to behave like a normal empty bladdered girl.

She went downstairs to see if the tape was broken and to her surprise It was still in tact which suggested that her mother did not relieve herself and couldn’t do so. It was just like an unsaid holding tournament! She tip toes to her mother’s room to check her status. She stood outside her room squirming like crazy and peeked thru the keyhole. She saw her mother panting while trying to keep her flood in. her bladder was bulged out though much smaller than Erica’s.

Sally was wearing just some sexy lacy lingerie and was trying to wear her jeans.

“Damn! Gawdddd! Why do we ladies have to wear such tight clothes always?! Ahhhh! My bladder!”, she whispered under her breath and with great efforts pulled her bladder in! “ I can’t visit the toilet till Erica leaves! No way! No way! No way! I must hang on! I wonder how does Erica hold so much of pee!”

Hearing all this Erica was giggling outside but the next moment she found Sallywearing a tight shirt and coming out. She quickly ran upstairs albeit spraying her drops of pee all the way. She was lucky that sally was too distracted to see that….

Running upstairs was a big mistake and bigger was the mistake was to forget to lock the door of the room. Erica’s hand flew to her crotch and her legs twisted tight to prevent more leakage. She completely forgot that Sally could be there anytime. She was double bent and was seeing stars behind her eyes! Erica was finding it too difficult to cope with the new peak of intense desperation.

“Erica!” called Sally and alas! Erica, before she could turn lost a big spurt flowing down her legs. She turned somehow with her legs still crossed and her fists clenching her t-shirt. But it was too late becoz Sally had seen her.

“ Seems the grown up girl has to be taught some manners first!”, exclaimed Sally. “ ONE MORE PINT of diuretic will do the rest! Get down ASAP!

Saying this sally left the room. “****! How could I forget to lock the door?”, Erica murmured!

Erica soon took a bath with her swim suit and corset on which was no less painful than a suicide! Half an hour later she came out being more desperate! She could have peed in the shower but her pride did not allow her!

A tight rubber string thong, a micro pleated green school skirt and a 3/4th black top, was all she wore. Her efforts were tremendous to bear all the pain to keep her abs look flat and sexy. She knew te corset won’t go well with the attire she chose and hence she asked Sally to help her to open it.

Sally almost fainted to see that she had been in the corset since the previous evening and was completely dumbstruck. Sally now started realizing how powerful Erica’s bladder was.

Soon after Erica hobbled downstairs with baby steps and clenched fists. Every stair was making her bladder go frenzy and she was risking her ego since any more leak would further prove that she couldn’t hold her pent up oceans of pee to her mother and Sally would be proved right.

On the other hand Erica found Sally shivering and squirming while preparing her breakfast in her so tight jeans! Like every other day her thong was peeking outside and her shirt was nearly tearing from the stress of containing her massive boobs. And there was a hurricane blowing in Sally’s mind seeing Erica’s abilities and now she started to feel ashamed of herself since she was finding it so difficult to hold just a day’s pee in!

By 9am, Sally and Erica had their breakfast albeit with two more pints of drinks and they did not speak much. Sally decided to drop Erica at her college and leave for work! Erica was taken aback since Sally had yet not availed a much needed bathroom break. She was now thinking if Sally was trying to challenge her or something but the case was something else. Sally was late for her work and did not have time to go pee!

The day was extremely difficult for Erica, more drinks and more efforts to keep the hot pent up pee inside and yet behave normally and keep her abs flat and tight all the time. She was not able to speak properly all thru the day and to everyone it was clear that she had to obviously pee very bad. But she was a girl of great pride and determination and especially being the best friend of “THE BIGGEST BLADDER GIRL” i.e. Minx and having held her pee for more than a week during minx’s 18th birthday even thinking of leaking a drop was a sin for her. But then the conditions were different she was not subjected to diuretics every now and then.

It was now 6pm in the evening; Erica went to Minx’s place holding gallons of pee yet unle aked since the last night. Minx was holding as usual an over stretched bladder. Ever since she was declared the biggest bladder girl on the earth she would pee only once in a fortnight even when it would make her half dead with pain. And when Erica told her about her present predicament Minx almost jumped out of excitement. To add to Erica’s woes she started pressing and punching her bladder.

Erica screamed aloud but she did not stop until she confirmed something.

As long as Minx kept hammering Erica’s bladder, Erica did not leak a single spurt and also her bladder was not as hard as it could be when the bladder would reach its break point. This was concluded by Minx. Erica had full faith in Minx since there was no other girl on the planet who could fully understand a human bladder better than her. Minx assured her that she could still push her bladder for another week and reminded her that girls’ have to be strong and nature have made them strong to hold their pressing needs even if conditions are favorabl e.

Minx’s words proved to be a boon for Erica and she was filled with new zeal to hold her pee and her body started accepting new doses of diuretics and whenever she would feel like giving up she would call Minx.

7 days passed like that and now Erica could not go anywhere without a corset since the bulge of her bladder was too much to hide by herself and one day her mother decided that….

Sally made the decision that from then onwards Erica would stay in her room 24x7! Erica tried to rebel becoz it was an invasion on her privacy and in her mind it was taking away her discrete time of holding and clutching herself as she wished! Sally said that she did not believe that Erica could hold her pee for a week and doubted that she had devised some secret way of peeing which was unknown to her!

That was enough to trigger and hurt Erica’s ego. She lost her cool and decided to teach sally a good lesson of holding. She again put on her 20” corset despite her painfully desperate condition and shifted into sally’s room. But this was a trouble for Sally too as she had to behave like a mature lady and could not allow herself to show her desperation although she would visit the toilet every time Erica would not be at home.

The first night itself was horrible for Erica as she had to keep absolutely still, body language to be kept in control. She did not even dare to curl her toes or grit her teeth. She was in her one piece super tight PVC swimsuit locked with a corset and her bladder sending cramps and high intensity waves thru out her body. She could not concentrate on anything else than holding. She stood for studies but she did not read a single word, such was her condition. Even while preparing the dinner and doing dishes, just to show sally how comfortable and confident she was she stood with her legs apart all the time and deliberately drinking more water. Seeing her condition sally herself was growing more and more restless because due to all these things and ego problems she herself could pee just once or twice a day! And her habit of wearing skin tight jeans all the day was making matters worse for her. Erica had many a times observed little wet patches on her crotch and would tease her!

And the time to sleep with so much pee sloshing inside her bladder was ano ther deadening task for Erica! But she stayed brave and pretended to sleep being absolutely still even when her body was on fire of desperation! Sally’s pride was being broken every time.

However the entire night Erica kept thinking of some or the other way to let her oceans of pee out. Mast*rbation was an option and she would do it every time she would go for a bath! But it could not be done always since the danger of reaching the peak could ruin things for her. Also she felt that her kidneys needed some break. But deep in her heart she wanted to keep holding to prove Sally wrong with every passing moment!

Finally on the 8th day, she came up with an idea. Erica had an apartment at the outskirts of the city and it was her only hope to have a much needed pee break! So the next day after the college she took her car and went to the apartment and finally she was….

Erica was finally able to think of relief, a much needed and unavoidable relief! She however thought that she would release only that much amount of pee which would make her able to last another week or more. She was in deadening pain but at the same time the internal pressure in her body and her continuously teased G-spot had become an immense turn on for her and she couldn’t let it go just for peeing!

However happiness is always short lived! She reached the apartment at 6pm in the evening and she was holding hot steaming pee worth 8 days 12 hours! But alas! Erica found that she had FORGOTTEN to bring the keys! She felt like kicking her ***! The relief was just behind the door, a single lock! But there was no way and the relief anticipated earlier had now made her frenzy and frantic to a unimaginable level. Her body was on a hell of fire and she had to squat down with her legs tightly knotted to prevent flooding her sexy skimpy clothes. Many passer byes wondered what was she doing and they laughed at her. Only if they knew the agonies Erica had to suffer from.

She realized that she would have to wait another 24 hours before coming to the apartment again for relief! Fate was playing cruel games with her! The additional 24 hours were absolute torture!

Mannerisms and restriction combined with diuretic had expanded her bladder so much that her corset was almost rearing apart! She had no more strength to pull her belly in hence the corset. Somehow she managed to hold 9 days of pee in her system till the next evening, to be more precise 9 and a half days pee!

But even after reaching there Erica had to bear another rude shock. The lock was changed. And the keys which she had brought were useless! She screamed aloud as she knew she would have to push herself for another 24 hours! Poor Erica! Why did she take the challenge!

The next day (10 and a half days) with more fluids being continuously being pump ed in her bladder and moving with a snail’s pace she was moving here and there! But that evening the tyre of her car got punctured! Imagine her agony standing at the garage in the cold, in dare bare clothes, in a 20’’ corset on 7” stilettos with the pee hole prone to open any second if she failed to concentrate.

Sitting, standing, squatting, sleeping, nothing was helping her to deal with her pressing toilet needs. She would finger her **** every time the mechanic would not look at her. She watched some hot movies on her phone just to take her mind off her bladder. But the turn on excited her bladder even more!

Somehow the painfully slowhours came to an end and she reached home without leaking a drop preparing herself for another 24 hours! The next day (11 and a half days!), she reached her apartment only to find Sally already present there with some guys. She was trying to strike a deal and wanted to sell the apartment. She sped home before she would see her there! Her bladder was impounded with 24 more hours.

This night Erica had to force herself to wear another corset over her corset that she was wearing. It was so because the original corset was tearing across its seams and that could be so embarrassing. She plugged her pee hole with a cork while doing that!

Once Erica was done she called Minx for some help and she gave her some additional tips to handle such dangerous pressure within the bladder! It helped but added to her pains.

The next day (12 and a half days), as Erica was speeding towards the apartment with the only thought in her mind-peeing, was caught by a cop for over speeding! And since she not brought the papers of the car she was taken to the police station. She was being interrogated but she could not speak a word for the fear of bursting out her pee! Soon Sally was called and when she was told about the entire story she lost her cool. Within an hour however Sally solved the entire matter and started heading towards home with Erica. Erica knew very well, something horrifying was about to happen with her bladder…and relief was certainly…..

Relief was certainly not near thought Erica. Sally accused her that she was not holding her pee and had cheated her! She could never hold her pee this long. Erica was fuming with anger but she chose not to speak a word. Instead she sent a text message to Minx and asked her to come to her place.

An hour later all three of them were at Erica’s home and a battle of words was going on between Sally and Minx. Sally was not ready to accept that Erica could hold and was still holding her pee since last 12 days and thought that Erica would pee every day at the apartment! So minx suggested that if it was really so, then Sally and Erica should have a holding competition! Erica’s eyes almost popped out with horror. And Sally on the other hand happily agreed. However when Minx asked her to put on two corsets but she flatly refused saying that it was just a show off done by Erica!

Minx and Erica were very angry seeing that Sally was not giving Erica her due credit and was certainly under estimating her capabilities. The game had to be fair and so both of them were to drink equal amounts of fluid and with passing time, But Minx had some other plans too and she increased the difficulties for both and said that if any one of them failed to hide their desperation then the opponent can add one difficulty for them! At that point Erica thought if Minx actually was on her side or Sally’s!

The time was passing critically slowly and none of them were allowed to show their de speration! No clutching, no lip biting and so on! They were to keep their legs apart all the time, even the slightest of leg crossing was not allowed. But unfortunately for Erica, all these conditions had no meaning!

Erica’s bladder was continuously trying to convince Erica to release the massive flood that she was compressing inside! But Erica would not allow that to happen! Her lady muscles were tired but as hard as concrete! It was as if an overloaded water bay was trying to break the walls of a dam! She crossed her legs, locked in fact, clutched her crotch, squat down almost to prevent a single drop from escaping!

And on the other hand Sally started empty bladdered and in spite of drinking a pint every two hours she hardly felt a need to pee! But she took full advantage to make it impossible for Erica to hold. She forced her to drink a pint every hour, asked her to sprinkle water on her crotch, sit with a glass full of water near her crotch, perform sit ups, press her bladder and what not! But the biggest one was when Sally asked Erica to keep a small but thick pillow between her stomach and corset and then lock the two corsets to the maximum tightness!

Erica was almost dying of desperation but this added pressure was titillating her G-spot and she was feeling very very VERY horny! And this horniness and its crave prevented her from leaking even a drop, also Minx was constantly suggesting her ways to cope up with the new additional pressure.

Minx was a bladder expert and could understand every girl’s bladder! And she knew what could happen!

The first 24 hours passed and now Sally was growing utterly frustrated and Minx and Erica could clearly see the tension building up on her face. And likewise Sally even Erica teased her to the max! She too gave her the same tasks as earlier! Sally was trying her level best to contain her pent up flood and never in her life had she wanted to go so bad! She started to wonder if she would be able to defeat Erica who had not yet leaked drop! This was a mortifying thought! A 30 year old lady lost to a 20 year old girl!

But all these thoughts, additional fluids, tight jeans, and excruciatingly tough jobs issued by Erica was making her go weak! She looked longingly at the bathroom door! She was shivering with her efforts to hold and decided to unbutton her jeans, that provided her bladder some much needed room! But at the very instance she did so, Erica asked her put on a jeans on her already orn jeans and lock with a belt with maximum tightness! Sally had to comply but her bladder did not like it and it started spasming painfully. She was finding it impossible to stand let alone the fact that she had to put on an extra jeans! Now it was 6 am in the morning, the night passed albeit slowly! Erica had successfully resisted her pressing toilet needs for STRAIGHT TWO WEEKS and was still going strong!

But after wearing two jeans Sally’s condition worsened and now the inevitable happened. As Erica asked her to drink a pint of water her bladder furiously revolted and under the extreme tightness of her skin tight and small jeans her bladder exploded and forced open her flood gates! And within a moment Sally was hissing loudly and wetting herself with a never ending stream! She indeed was wetting herself and her 33 hours worth of hot pee made a huge puddle on the floor!

Sally’s love for extremely skin tight and unusually uncomfortable jeans was very famous amongst her office colleagues and she was so addicted to it that she would avoid going to the bathroom for long durations and this had increased her bladder capacity! Also she had a large bladder but she never stretched it to the max and beyond its limits like Erica and Minx would do since childhood! And hence she lost this holding competition!

Sally was so ashamed of this defeat that she ran away from the room to her own room! And locked herself in! here on the other hand Erica was now free to relieve bit Minx suggested her to hang on and find her true limits. Erica agreed coz deep at the bottom of her heart she too wanted to do it!

The clock ticked slowly and now it was 6pm in the evening! Erica had heroically tamed her bladder for 14 and a half days! And at that moment she started to get never before experienced and horrifyinglypainful spasms! Minx felt her bladder and told that the time had come when she should release the flood becoz now she could actually damage herself and it was no more fun!

Minx sprinted to the garage and brought 3 buckets of 10 liter capacity! Coming back she helped Erica get rid of those insanely tight and constrictive clothing layer by layer and just her bra and thong remained on her body. And popped out her 11” swollen bladder and a profusely sweating body!

Erica sat on the bucket and Minx started her video camera and when Minx signal Erica finally opened her flood gates at her will! And down came a steaming stream an inch and a half thick, with full force as if Niagara falls had changed her course and coming thru her pee hole!

She kept peeing like a fire hose and within 2 min 56 seconds she filled the 10 liter bucket to the brim. And she somehow stemmed the flow, however she was dribbling. Minx helped her change the bucket and she again continued flooding the bucket with hot pee! She peed for another 4 mins 04 seconds and filled the bucket with another 10 liters. But the game was not over yet! The third bucket was brought and now the stream started to fade and only 1.2 liters of pent up pee was gushed out by her in just 30 seconds!

Erica had held 21.2 liters of pee in her bladder for two weeks! 22 weeks and 12 hours to be more precise! She peed this much amount in just 7 mins! This was a world record! And now she is the “SECOND PEE HOLDING QUEEN” on the earth! (P.S- Minx was the first queen)

*002*2026-01-01 11:15

{{18 hours ago, holdit247 said:

My word, I'd forgotten this story. Please would you drop a link to the original Minx birthday party story

}}

Absolutely! I am still collecting the old stories from my blog. I am going to post a few more by the weekend. Stay tuned 😍

