A recent Dream

Author: Rsm1

*000*2017-07-31 23:07

I wasn't sure where to put this as Dreams are fictional but feel real and are experienced first hand for the most part. I put it here anyways so other people can hopefully enjoy it as much as I did/do (and so I don't forget it as my short term memory is terrible on the whole). I don't normally dream or if I do I don't usually remember any of it, however I have had this one twice this month which to my knowledge is the first time I've had the same dream twice, considering as afore mentioned I don't have many.

I am at college (UK) in the dream (I finished a few years back however) and it's winter, about -7c outside.

So the morning started like any other, I got up, sorted the animals, ate breakfast then got dropped off at the local bus stop, (there are non in walking distance). It was a bank holiday and I was heading in to do some extra work with one of my college-friends who I was working on an assignment with, (and to drop some old clothes of my sisters off at the clothes bank/charity shop for my mum).

The bus pulled up as normal and I went and sat down (near the middle, on the left) and was going to get my IPod out of my pocket to listen to some music when something piqued my interest. The bus was rather empty and there was only me and another woman who looked around my age (at the time, 19 ) and who I presumed was also going to college. She was of slight build, had almost white hair that was dip dyed orange, royal blue eyes and looked about 5"2' with a virtually non-existent chest (I wouldn't have called them A's). She was wearing a padded burgundy coat all zipped up (one of those with the fur around the hood), pale skinny jeans, had a black satchel type bag with the name Amie embroidered on the front (which I presume is her name, to which I know of no one with that name) and some brown leather boots. (I wish the few people that my mind creates could be real *sigh*)

This was all normal and nothing to think about. However, the thing that got me was that she was on a deserted bus, but was stood up clinging to one of the poles rather than sitting down. I found this odd so decided to keep an eye on things (I have no clue on the reason why at first). Around five minutes later, she picked up her left leg and pulled it over her waist, then lowered it back down gingerly. At this point I knew why she wasn't sat down, and I noticed that the hand that wasn't holding onto the pole, was clenched into a white knuckle fist.

Time went on and she was crossing her legs more frequently and seemed to have a panicked look on her face. This is when It happened, a red car (not sure on make or model) pulled out in front of the bus and the driver put the brakes on as hard as possible and honked the horn with all the usual hand gestures and shouted expletives. At this same point, the girl was pulling her jeans up (what I presume was into her crotch to try and help alleviate some of the pressure she most clearly was feeling) and didn't have either hand on the pole in front of her. This caused her to lurch backwards, stumble a little and she would have fell onto the floor if the pole she was using wasn't in front of me. Instead I held my arm out and stopped her from hitting the floor and half pulled her towards the bus side wall so that she could prop herself up.

She went to say thank y- but then we both noticed that she was sat legs apart over my right leg. she then started whispering, no, no, no, all whilst tears appeared to be welling up in her eyes. She was looking at me and I subconsciously pushed my leg up, (to try to add pressure as I knew what was happening), but to no avail. My leg started to get warm and her jeans were getting darker as what she had been holding started tracking its way down the inside of her thighs, down the lower half of my right leg and then onto the floor. All whilst this was happening she was sobbing and shuddering as it appeared she was trying to put all of her effort into stopping (with no such thing happening I might add). I thought, at least her shoes stayed dry

After what seemed like minutes, she half said/cried s-s-sorry and slumped into the seat to my left and stared out of the window whilst sobbing. I didn't know what to do at this point; should I comfort her, or would that come across as creepy, should I ignore her, or would that seem insensitive. Then I had a brain wave, the clothes, the ones I had been asked to take to the clothes bank/charity shop were mostly T-shirts and joggers. I tapped her on the shoulder and she turned round with tears streaming don her face, I said these things happen its ok and then gestured to the bag of clothes (I don't know why I did but I did).

There might be something in here that you can put on, she just shook her slumped head and sobbed thank you but I'll be fine. I then replied with the fact that it was -7c outside and there was only me on the bus so changing would be easy enough and there was no point catching a cold or attaining hypothermia from wearing wet clothes all day. To this she reluctantly accepted and rummaged through the bag to see if there was anything her size.

A few minutes later she pulled out a pair of dark grey joggers and put them to one side, (which I presumed meant they'd do) whilst she put the rest back into the black-bag. she then turned round, wiped her eyes, having stopped crying, and said that these would fit but they are a little big on the waist. Then set about worrying how she'd change into them with busses having a lot of windows and a driver with an interior mirror to check for misbehaviour.

I told her to calm down and that no one could see her from the other side of the bus because the windows were heavily steamed up and that I would hold my coat up to the windows on this side so that no one could see in from this side. she concluded that it was best to change sat down so the driver had less of a chance at seeing anything and with a bright red face, asked me to look the other way (to which I did). However my coat had a rather large zip tab and the reflection (albeit small) was good enough for me (plus she'd never know, not that I'd want her too).

The next bit astounded me however, as once changed, she said finished, with which I let the coat down and turned back round. Then with a face like a beetroot she asked what she should do with these, to which she held up the (not so) pale blue jeans, then a pair of purple, frilly and translucent thin cotton thong-like knickers. At this point I go all hot and bothered and start scanning round for some sort of inspiration. Then I remembered, I always carry a small carrier bag round in the bottom of my college bag to put my coat in if it's wet and I'm hot (which wouldn't be happening today (once I got off the bus at least)). I pulled it out and handed it to her and said to put them in it, tie it up and then put them into the bottom of her bag and no one would know. She thanked me, then did just that.

She then saw my wet leg and asked me what I was going to do. I just replied that the jeans were loose fit and they would dry over time without clinging too much and I'd just tell anyone that asked (most likely my friend) I didn't notice the Ice covered puddle at the bus stop which was a little deeper than expected to which she half laughed and said ok with a smile, (I was just happy she was smiling at least). For the last ten or so minutes of the bus ride we spent it chatting about other things and it turns out she was a video game lover, like myself (it is my dream after all so that's expected I suppose), so we exchanged PSN's, Nintendo and Steam FC's and the like, then the bus pulls up at our stop we get off and as I get off and she waves and mouths thank you, I wake up, and that's where the dream ends.

I don't know where this came from or why I've had it twice, but I'm not complaining and I hope I've done it justice in the writing department ( I also hope to imagine her again in some other places (or over voice chat in a crucial part in a non pause-able co-op or team based game, but with my dream record that's wishful thinking) :).

