A Complicated Conflict - A Toaru Majutsu no Index Fanfiction

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2022-06-06 06:03

This one's another commission by @Infecteddeer12

! It's a sequel to my previous Toaru story, which you can read here:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/74502-the-sisters-ordeal-an-toaru-majutsu-no-index-fanfic?do=embed"

This story does reference the events of that one, but it can be enjoyed on it's own as well! I had a lot of fun writing this one, so I hope you all enjoy too! It does start a bit slow and is a bit story-focused, but if you enjoy the Toaru-verse, I hope you enjoy it!

A Complicated Conflict

Alone in one of the back streets of District 10, a figure in a long, hooded cloak shuffled along, carrying a large briefcase in their right arm. The figure looked around. They couldn’t see anyone else, but they knew they were being watched.

As they shuffled even further down the dark alley, they came to stop at a door. It looked to be the door to some sort of warehouse or backroom, but two rough-looking teens with face piercings and leather jackets were guarding it fiercely. They noticed the cloaked figure and turned to face them.

The figure dropped her hood. She was a tall, youthful woman with long, wavy violet hair and dark eyeshadow around her eyes. Her cloak was held open by her arm carrying the briefcase, showing off the hints of a well-endowed feminine figure. She held up some papers and the briefcase, and spoke in a confident tone.

“My name’s Miyagawa Reika. I have business with your boss.”

“Yes, we’ve been told to expect you. Right this way.”

One of the two guards ushered Miyagawa into the hideout while the other stayed outside. Despite looking like a warehouse from the outside, the inside was adorned almost like a lounge, with a bar on one side and multiple tables and games for recreation. The heavy scent of booze and cigarette smoke hung in the air, and all around her were rough, rugged looking gang members ranging from teens to young adults. She avoided eye-contact with them, even as she felt their glares drill into the back of her head.

She was guided to the back past some grungy bathrooms, and she briefly paused, her gaze lingering on them as though she was debating something. Before the guard could notice she was stopped, however, she shook her head and continued following him until they reached what looked to be an office where two men and one woman were sitting, discussing something or other. They turned to her and the man in the middle stood up, bowing to her politely. He was tall, but otherwise unassuming, with messy brown hair.

“I’m Sano Daisuke, the leader of the White Ravens.”

The other man bowed as well, he was a larger man with a scar across his nose, “I’m Handa Goro, Daisuke-san’s right hand man.”

The woman, a tall, elegant-looking lady with blonde hair and piercing green eyes, glared at her for a split-second, narrowing her eyes as though sizing her up, but eventually bowed as well, “I’m Sugita Akemi, I handle the resourcing and finances.”

“I’m Miyagawa Reika, it’s nice to meet you all,” Miyagawa bowed, though she looked up at the two others, particularly Sugita, and narrowed her own eyes, “Though, I was under the impression this was going to be a private meeting. After all, what I have in this briefcase must remain highly confidential until we can finalize a deal.”

Sano nodded, “Rest assured, anything you have to say to me, you can say in front of these two. They’re my most trusted associates.”

Miyagawa didn’t look satisfied, but she nodded nevertheless. Sano motioned to the guard and he left the room, closing the door behind him and likely standing just outside to assure they weren’t disturbed. He then motioned to a rather comfortable-looking leather chair sat just opposite of his desk, and Miyagawa took a seat, crossing her legs and finally placing the suitcase down. She shuffled in place, trying to get comfortable, and looked up at the other three.

“I was surprised you reached out to me, Miyagawa-san,” Sano began, “You say you’re a Level 0 research student that was kicked out of your university for developing a new technology?”

“Yes,” Miyagawa nodded, “As a Level 0, I always made it the focus of my research to see if we could enhance the abilities of Level 0s, despite their seeming incompatibility with the Power Development Program. Yet, the closer I got to an actual solution, the harder the pushback from the university higher-ups. They eventually told me to drop the project altogether, even though I was so close to perfecting it. I couldn’t just stop, of course. So I finished development in secret. I was kicked out when they found out.”

“And now you want revenge on this City and its institutions which constantly bash down the Level 0s,” Handa nodded, “So you turned to Skill-Out.”

“Something like that,” Miyagawa nodded.

“And this project you say you were working on, that’s what’s inside that suitcase of yours?” Sano asked, clearly intrigued.

“Yes,” Miyagawa nodded, turning the suitcase around. She opened it up to reveal what looked like rolls of black tape with strange, glowing markings across its surface.

“We’ve seen something like this before,” Sugita crossed her arms, “Isn’t this just a modified form of Hard Taping? It’s a technology Skill-Out gangs are already familiar with.”

“No, it’s nothing like that,” Miyagawa shook her head, “Here, why don’t you see for yourself.”

Miyagawa pulled out one of the rolls and wrapped some around her right arm. She held out her hand, taking care not to point it at anything dangerous, and the markings on the tape flashed brightly as a brief burst of electricity shot from her palm.

“How do we know you’re not just an electromaster?” Sano asked.

“Well, feel free to try it for yourself, of course, it might not be electricity for you. It’s a wrapping that enhances your natural Esper abilities.”

She tossed Sano a roll, and he looked down at it skeptically. Handa stood up and outstretched his hand.

“I’ll test it.”

Miyagawa waited impatiently for Handa to wrap the tape around his arm, and Sugita seemed to notice this, she narrowed her eyes at Miyagawa as the violet-haired woman shuffled under her gaze.

“What’s the matter, need to take a leak?” Sugita spoke quietly, too low for Handa or Sano, who were both focused on the tape, to hear.

“I’m fine, thank you,” Miyagawa replied, though the sweat on her brow and her shuffling definitely wasn’t backing her up on that.

Finally, Handa got the tape wrapped around his arm, and held it out. He focused and closed his eyes, and suddenly a jet of hot flame shot out of his hand, nearly scorching the wall of the office. He stumbled back in surprise, looking down at his arm, and grasped it as though he were in pain.

“Handa, are you okay?”

“Y-yeah, I’m fine, it just caught me off-guard, is all.”

“It might be a bit overwhelming, especially if you’re not used to it. I’ve also found that using it too much can lead to pain and soreness,” Miyagawa replied, “But I assure you, equip your gang with this, and there won’t be a thing Judgment or Anti-Skill can do to stop you.”

“This stuff does seem pretty amazing,” Sano agreed, “But, if you developed something like this, why would you take it to us? The White Ravens aren’t exactly the biggest Skill-Out gang. We were always in Komaba’s shadow, and even now that their power has shrunk since he died and that punk handed his gang over to Hanzou, they’re still leagues better than us in terms of resources and man-power.”

“It’s not just about size, location and circumstance must also be taken into consideration,” Miyagawa smiled, “And the White Ravens are in the perfect location, and have access to the perfect area, for a plan that will make sure the whole city must pay attention to Skill-Out.”

After much debate and discussion, Miyagawa found herself shaking hands with the leader of the White Ravens. Naturally, they offered her a place to stay at their hideout for the night, but she politely declined, saying she had final preparations to take care of and that she would meet them back up at the hideout the following day.

As part of the deal, she left the briefcase there, so by the time she was ushered out of their hideout, she found herself with her hands free. She smiled politely to the guards as they saw her out and shuffled quickly down the back alley. As soon as she was far enough away that she could no longer feel the prying eyes of the White Raven’s guards and lookouts, she tucked herself behind a dumpster and shuffled desperately.

Damn, I need to pee! It took me forever to find this place, and I was too nervous to ask to use the bathroom. Then, once that bitch Sugita noticed, I couldn’t just say admit it! I don’t know why she was so suspicious of me…

She quickly pulled up her cloak, revealing a short skirt and black panties. She held her skirt up and slipped her panties to the side before quickly squatting down and peeing unabashedly. Her stream splashed against the wall of the alley as she closed her eyes and savored the relief. However, it didn’t take her long to return to reality. She was in the back alley in District 10, one of the shadier places of Academy City, and infested with thugs, criminals, and Skill-Out members.

She quickly finished up, not fully emptying herself as much as she would’ve liked to, and stood up, fixing her clothes and looking around to ensure no one had spotted her. Once she was confident it looked like she had gotten away with it, she headed back down the alleyway and onto the ill-maintained main street to prepare for tomorrow.

###

Lying on the roof of a building in the heart of District 7 was a certain Level 5 esper. The 3rd strongest esper in Academy City, Misaka Mikoto. She was lying on artificial grass on top of a rooftop garden for a large studio where she had been called for a photoshoot. It was one of the many duties of her being the “face” of the power development program, and something of a celebrity within the city.

She was taking a break before she had to go back down for the rest of the shoot, but rather than worrying about having to model some new outfit or showing off, her mind was on the incident that happened not too long ago.

I can’t believe I wet myself… I’m still so embarrassed.

Over the past few days, she found her mind wandering back to that fateful day. Part of her would treasure it forever, after all, she had spent so much time with a certain spiky-haired Level 0, and the memories of their time together still made her heart beat. However, it was entirely undercut by the fact that half of her time she spent with him was spent absolutely bursting to pee, and even though she had managed to wait for so long, and managed to avoid admitting her desperation to him, she still wound up wetting herself once she got back to her dorm. In front of Kuroko, no less, who was not so candid or delicate about bringing it up again and again.

Mikoto knew that Kuroko wasn’t meaning to be cruel, her intentions likely fueled by her adoration and perversions towards the powerful Electromaster, but nevertheless, it was a constant, nagging reminder that she had gotten herself in a situation where she couldn’t hold it any longer, and wound up peeing just outside their dorm’s bathroom.

Over the subsequent days, Mikoto had been quite careful about letting her bladder get too full, and she was even starting to stress about times when she wouldn’t have easy access to a restroom. She placed her arm over her eyes to blot out the clear blue sky above her and let out a sigh.

I should stop worrying so much about it. It was a single accident. I only held it so long because we were at that theme park and they didn’t have enough restrooms for everyone, so it made it hard to slip away without directly saying I needed to go.

The warmth of the sun began lulling Mikoto, and she was afraid she’d wind up falling asleep if she didn’t get up. She stood and stretched before walking around the rooftop garden, focused more on looking over the railings into the city below than the fake grass and rocks that had been placed around the rooftop.

Suddenly, she felt her phone vibrate, and she checked the time. She had to get back to the photoshoot. As she turned to head back down, she noticed there was the faintest sensation of fullness from her bladder. She had been moping on the roof for her whole break and didn’t notice the faint sensation. Ordinarily, she wouldn’t have worried about it at all, but given the recent situation, she paused, eyes widening.

Should I go to the bathroom before I start heading back? If I make it fast, I can probably make it without being too late… No, it’s fine, I don’t really have to go, I’m just being oversensitive because I’m still worried about the other day. The photoshoot’s only another hour and a half anyway, and I barely even have to go.

Trying to calm herself down, Mikoto pushed her worry and the faint urge to pee to the back of her mind and headed back down to meet with the photographer and the director to finish her photoshoot.

###

“Touma! Touma! It’s too hot!”

Touma let out a sigh and looked over at a girl with long silver hair, dressed in a white and gold nun’s habit. Or, at least some of it. She had placed the hat on the table and detached the sleeves, which were held on by large safety pins, and and was panting at the heat, with sweat beading up on her forehead as she fanned herself.

“I can’t do anything about it. The dorms said they’d start charging us to use the AC. My bank account would cry if I left it on,” Touma sighed, “Also, don’t sit right in front of the fan. I can’t feel the air, you know?”

“But it’s so hoooootttt!”

“There’s some ice cream in the freezer,” Touma pointed out, “That should cool you down.”

“I already ate it all because it’s so hot,” Index admitted, holding up a pile of used popsicle sticks.

“What, you ate it all already?” Touma looked up, shocked, “Those were supposed to last the week… such misfortune…”

“Touma, I’m too hot, I’m going to melt like the ice cream!”

“Like I said, I can’t really do anything about that!”

“At least buy me more ice cream!”

“T-there’s no way! Do you know how expensive that ice cream was? And you ate it all in one day! I might as well turn on the AC at this point…”

“Touma….”

Index lunged around Touma’s legs to beg, when suddenly there was a knock on his door. Touma turned to the door and peeked through the peephole, and was surprised to see a familiar face. He opened the door and exclaimed, “Tsuchimikado?”

“Hey there,” Tsuchimikado grinned, standing there casually with his hands in his pockets. As usual, he was wearing an unbuttoned green shirt and his eyes were obscured with his usual dark shades.

“What brings you here?” Touma asked.

“What, I can’t swing by to check on my classmate and friend, that’s cold,” Tsuchimikado smiled. He held up a bag from a nearby convenience store. It was filled with ice cream just like the ones Touma bought for Index.

Index immediately began drooling over them like an excited puppy, and Touma took the bag and handed one to the overheating girl. She immediately dove in, and Touma went to put the rest of the ice cream in the freezer. On the top shelf where Index couldn’t reach them this time. He grabbed one for himself and Tsuchimikado, and soon the three of them were cooling down in the hot dorm room.

“Alright, but seriously, we don’t have much time to talk,” Tsuchimikado leaned forwards.

“I knew it, it was something serious,” Touma sighed, “You can tell me that from the start next time.”

“Right, right, anyway,” Tsuchimikado passed a photo to Touma of a woman with long violet hair. She was wearing a hooded cloak that obscured most of her face, and was carrying some kind of case with what was clearly a magical seal on it, “This photo was taken by the magical security system in the forbidden vaults of Necessarius. We believe the woman in the photo is Raechel Lancaster, a defector of Necessarius, who is now a rogue magician. She broke into Necessarius last night and stole two magical artifacts.”

“Two?”

“Yes. One was the bandages of Lazarus. It’s a dangerous magical object that allows anyone to channel stored up magical energy through it. In other words, even if someone like you, who has no magical talent whatsoever, were to use it, you could use magic. Well, actually, in your case in particular, I’m pretty sure its effects would be negated by Imagine Breaker, but think of it like something that turns normal people into magicians.”

“And what about the other one?” Touma asked.

“The other one was a grimoire.”

Touma’s eyes widened, and instantly the atmosphere in the room grew heavy.

“A grimoire?” Touma echoed, utterly shocked.

“Not just any grimoire, either, It’s a grimoire based off of the Book of Common Prayer, so its fundamentals are naturally grounded in the Anglican Church. Moreover, the only physical copy was held in the depths of Necessarius, and the only other copy is-”

Both Tsuchimikado and Touma turned to look at Index, who was still eating her ice cream and panting by the fan.

“There are other, far more powerful artifacts in the vault, so it certainly wasn’t just a powerful item she was after. However, use of that grimoire in particular would be the unmistakable hallmark of the Angican Church. That’s why we believe Raechel Lancaster has one goal. To attack Academy City at some point, and frame it on Necessarius to drive a political wedge between England and Academy City.”

Touma narrowed his eyes, “So, we know she’s going to attack, but do we have any idea when?”

Tsuchimikado smiled, leaning in and looking ready to explain, “Well, believe it or not, I’m not completely useless as a spy…”

###

“Thank you for your time today, Misaka-san,” the friendly photographer smiled, bowing politely.

“Of course, thank you!” Mikoto nodded, trying to hide her nervous shuffling.

Over the course of the photoshoot, she couldn’t help but notice the sensation of her bladder steadily filling. It wasn’t even like she was desperate, but her recent paranoia over her accident only heightened the feeling of pressure building up, and she was glad that the photoshoot was over and done with.

“Do you want one of our assistants to see you to the door?” the director for the photoshoot asked.

“T-that’s alright! I can manage, thank you,” Mikoto replied politely, not wanting to trouble one of their assistants, especially since she wanted to make a trip to the bathroom before leaving. She entered the elevator, and once the doors were closed, she shuffled around more openly.

What am I so worried about? I don’t have to go that bad yet, and it’s not like I won’t be able to get to the bathroom as soon as I reach the ground floor. Geez, I have to get that accident the other day out of my head…

The elevator chimed as the doors opened onto the ground floor, and Mikoto stepped out, looking around for the restrooms. She had passed by them countless times before while coming here, but now, perhaps because she needed to go, they seemed to have completely vanished. She looked around the front reception, trying to spot any signs even pointing her in the right direction, but she came up empty.

Maybe I should’ve asked for that assistant, then I could’ve asked them…

Mikoto considered asking the receptionist, but there didn’t seem to be anyone at the desk, and she would feel awkward waiting around for them to return just to ask where the restrooms are, doubly so if it turned out she was just missing an obvious sign somewhere.

I don’t have to go that much yet, I should just stop somewhere on the way home.

Mikoto reluctantly left the studio and headed out onto the streets of District 7. She was in one of the more commercial areas of the District, so she figured it wouldn’t take her too long to find a place to go. As she headed down the street, she nervously tried to push the feeling of her filling bladder to the back of her mind, and focused on finding an easy place to stop.

It didn’t take her long to find a small, somewhat shabby convenience store nearby, and she slipped inside. She didn’t like the odds of the restrooms in such a run-down place being particularly clean, but she just wanted to empty her bladder as soon as she could. She started making her way towards the back where the signs were, but the clerk at the front cleared her throat and motioned to a notice posted above the cash register.

“Restrooms are for paying customers only. Must pay before use.”

Mikoto crossed her arms, annoyed, and considered storming out just on principle, but a slight twinge from her bladder made her pause. She sighed and looked around for something quick and cheap to buy, all the while keenly feeling her bladder continue to slowly fill. While it had been only a nagging sensation when she left the studio, the constant delays in her getting to a bathroom was starting to make her feel the urge. She shuffled as she browsed the drinks for something to quench her thirst as she walked home in the summer heat, but just as she was about to pick something, her phone rang in her pocket.

She pulled it out and noticed it was Kuroko. She answered immediately.

“Kurok-”

“Nee-sama! There’s a crazy situation going on over here, and we need your help!”

Suddenly, Mikoto’s bladder was the least of her worries. Adrenaline surged through her from Kuroko’s panicked tone, and Mikoto clenched onto the phone tightly. Kuroko was always insistent that Mikoto stay out of Judgment business, so if even she was calling for help, she must be in some serious trouble.

“Where are you, what’s the situation?”

“We’re in District 10, by the entrance to the abandoned underground mall!” Kuroko began, “We got reports that the Skill-Out gang known as the White Ravens were going to overrun the nuclear facility and use it as a bargaining chip to hold the whole City hostage. Anti-Skill and Judgment organized a raid, but-”

Kuroko was cut off by what sounded like gunfire, followed by a loud blast.

“Kuroko!”

“I’m fine! But seriously, I don’t know what these guys are doing, but even though they’re supposed to be Skill-Out, it’s like they all have esper abilities! We’re getting overrun! Can you lend us a hand?”

“Of course!”

“Thank you, Nee-sama! Let me know when you get to the outskirts of District 10, I can teleport you the rest of the way!”

“Got it!”

Mikoto rushed out the doors to the convenience store and gained her bearings. District 10 bordered District 7 to the south, so she oriented herself and began charging her way there. She quickly slipped into the back alleys so she could more openly use her electromagnetism to pull her along as a faster form of transport.

She had all but forgotten needing to pee until a particularly rough landing jostled her bladder, and she grit her teeth, pushing it to the back of her mind. Her urge was noticeable, but her friends were more important, and she knew Kuroko was fighting hard waiting for her. With any luck, she could charge in, solve the situation quickly, and find a restroom shortly afterwards. She didn’t like the idea of getting into an extended fight on a full bladder, but she wasn’t desperate enough to risk stopping anywhere at this point.

She reached one of the main intersections on the border of District 10 and called Kuroko again. In an instant, Kuroko appeared before her.

“Onee-samaaaa~!” Kuroko cried, practically tackling her, “I’m happy to see you!”

“H-hey!” Mikoto exclaimed in surprise as Kuroko latched onto her. The movement jostled her bladder and she resisted the urge to shuffle around. Kuroko was the LAST person she wanted to know that she had to pee, even if it wasn’t urgent yet.

“We should head back now,” Kuroko instantly switched from gushing over Mikoto to being stark serious, “Are you ready?”

Mikoto nodded, “Take me there, Kuroko!”

The two teleported back, and Mikoto found herself tucked behind an armored van, with Anti-Skill and members of Judgment all around her. Just as Kuroko said, she could see a number of Skill-Out gang members, but each one of them was using some sort of ability. A rough, burly-looking man was shooting fire out of his hands, holding back a number of Anti-skill with riot shields. A muscular woman with tattoos running up her arms and neck was shooting spouts of water at a member of Judgment, who was freezing them in midair with his own ability. A slender, tall gang member was swinging around a sword, and large, heavy objects followed his blade’s movements. He sent them flying with another swing, recklessly aiming for both Anti-skill and Judgment members alike. It was chaos, and unlike anything Mikoto had ever seen before.

Kuroko immediately radioed in to Uiharu, who, as usual, was away from the frontlines, but monitoring everything from a safe distance.

“Uiharu, I’m back, and Nee-sama is here with me!”

“You’re just in time! I just heard from Anti-skill that they saw a separate team break off and cut through the underground mall! It looks like they’re headed in the direction of the nuclear facility! Most of the forces are held up there, so if you could slip past them and intercept the other team, we should be able to cut them off!”

“Got it,” Kuroko replied, “You heard her, right, Nee-sama?”

“Yes!”

Kuroko grabbed onto Mikoto and they teleported again, landing in the darkness of the abandoned mall, past the majority of the White Ravens. They tucked down to avoid being seen, knowing full well this was likely part of the White Raven’s territory, and that there could be members anywhere.

“We should make our way towards the back exit quickly, we should be able to catch up with the other team!” Mikoto suggested.

Kuroko nodded, and the two began running towards the rear of the underground mall. It opened up onto a side street and the second team would have to take a roundabout route to get to the nuclear facility. As they ran, each step sent a jolt through Mikoto’s bladder, and she once again tried to ignore it. Teleporting twice earlier also hadn’t helped. As used to Kuroko’s teleports as she was, they always disoriented her and jostled her insides, and that only made the feeling of fullness in her abdomen worse.

I need to finish this up quickly!

Mikoto said that, but she had seen the kinds of abilities each of the White Ravens were using. If they were Esper abilities, they were at least at the power of a Level 3, if not a Level 4. Worse still, she figured they would save their strongest members for the team headed towards the nuclear facility. She was definitely in for a prolonged fight, and she was starting to regret not relieving herself somewhere before meeting up with Kuroko.

I only hope my bladder can hold out, and that I don’t have a repeat of the other day…
