Maria and Annie train desperation [female], [masturbation]

Author: ReallyWarm

*000*2019-09-25 16:04

Hello. Its my first story, so i hope it will be OK Im glad if you enjoy it.

- Get up! - her mother was standing in her room and yelling. She looked at her with dissapointment and turned on her stereo, then turn volume really high.

- Aww... - Maria woke up and started looking for a remote to turn off that noise. Finally she found it and turn it off.

- Hurry up, we need to be at train station at 7.30AM, and you still sleeping!

Maria finally get up and went to bathroom. She was tall girl with blond hair and moderate breasts. She was in her last class in high school and about to turn 20yo in couple of days.

Today it was big day. She was going to holidays with her friend, Annie. After shower and cleaning her teeth, she wore an t-shirt, white panties and slim, tight and bright jeans.

- Your really think its proper clothes for long travel? Its nearly 12 hours!

- Mom, please, im 19, i can wear what i want!

Her mom looked at her again. Teenagers...

Maria grabbed her backpack and they get to car. Maria was thinking how to not get really bored during that travel. She had some books with her, also PSP and smartphone.

She liked long travels, but it was her first THAT long travel. Train station was already busy at this time. Maria quickly located her platform and hurried up. Her friend was already waiting there. -Hi, Maria! You look like you need some extra sleep hours! - her friend, Annie was waiting already.

- Yea, i really need. Why these trains have to be that early?

She put down her luggage and told Annie to look after it. Then she runned down the stairs, to shop center. Since trains didn't really had any drinks or food to buy (unless you traveling first class). She went to shop and bought two big bottles of water, one bottle of cola and some coffee-to-go, since she was in fact, sleepy. She noticed bathroom at the other side of station, but the qeque was really long. "I will use train bathroom anyway".

Train arrived. It was old one, where comparements were closed, with big couch-like seats.

She had some problems with finding free one but finally she and her friend found a quiet place. Train started moving faster and faster. Beginning of loong travel...

3 HOURS LATER

- Annie, what do you reading?

- Oww, Hobbit. But i've read it before. Its little bit boring here, isn't?

Maria put down her PSP and grabbed a bottle of Cola. It was hot day and she was really thirsty. It was 3 hours since they left train station and she started fell boredom. Even they favourite games were not interesting.

Annie left her book at the couch.

- Anyway, im going to bathroom. - Annie left the compartment. She passed the old lady, taking trash from all the compartments. When she reached toilet, she tried to open the door, but it was closed.

- Who's in? Can you hurry up?

But nobody answered. "What?" she thought and then she looked above the doors for a little appointment.

"Due to fault of the toilet pollution system, all toilets will be closed until futher notice"

"What the..." She opened the gate and hurried to another railway car. Same. Another. Same.

All toilets on the train were closed. And she will be there for 9 more hours. How?

Maria was reading Hobbit. Annie opened the door with terryfing look.

- Did you have any empty bottle left?

- Nah, the lady cleaned it all. Why you asking?

- Nooo! All toilets are closed! Some system are broke or something"

- What do you mean, all? Go to another...

- In whole train!

Maria realized the situation. She looked at her with the same, terryfing look.

- Annie, i feel i need to go.

- I know, Maria. I need to go as well. We must find a way, i can't hold it for next nine hours.

They were sitting silently on the couch.

- Maria, do you have any bottles in your luggage?

- No. I only bought drinks on the station.

- I don't have any either. Maybe somebody else have?

Maria get up, and started asking other passengers for bottles. But they all thrown them away. And they all get off at the next 3-4 stations. "Lucky you" Maria thought. "Damn old lady".

She started feeling a little bit more pressure from her bladder. Maria realized that situation was really serious.

Annie was sitting with her legs crossed. She was wearing grey tight pants, a little too short t-shirt and pink panties. When Maria got back, she only looked at her. Annie knew the answer. Maria sat down close to her friend.

- Annie, how long you can hold it? I mean, in case of emergency?

- 3 hours? That was my longest, but i barely made it.

- Im not gonna hold it even for hour.

- Maybe the train will wait at some stop?

- Did it stopped for at least 5 minutes in past 3 hours? Its fast train, it don't stops for that long.

- OK. I need to hold my pee for another 9 hours. Im an adult. - Maria crossed her legs.

- You know you can't. You know what will happen.

- But... I can't just...

- Do you see other solution?

HOUR LATER

Maria kept look at her watch. Its only 11.30! She read another book, but she couldn't even focus on the story. She started squirming. Annie wasn't in better situation. Her hand was between her legs, holding her crouch.

- Annie, im not gonna wet myself. Im not little girl.

- Stop it. Stop talking about anything wet - Annie crossed her legs even tigher.

- Maybe they will open the toilets?

- Did you see any worker here? Any? And please, don't use the word "toilet"!

Annie couldn't even think. She didn't feel that much pressure in her life. Any move was incredible painful and risky. Maria started crying.

- Im not going to make it. Im just bursting. I'd do anything for a toilet. Or even bottle.

- Maria? Look down...

A small dark spot at her bright jeans couldn't be hide. It slowly got bigger.

Maria wasn't desperate anymore. She felt just plain, strong and awful pain rising in every minute. But she still tried to hold it inside, she didn't agreed with having an accident.

- Aaannnie...

- Yes?

- Clllosse the dddor.

- What?

- Just ccloose, pplease.

Annie tried to get up, but she felt her panties are wet. She reached the door and closed it, while squirming and heavy breathing. She felt the warmness raising in her pants. Squirt.. She stopped it with last of her willpower, but then felt incredible pressure to let go a little more.

Maria was dribbling. She slowly put her hand from the crouch. Wet spot increased.

"Just a little more, and then i'll stop it" - she thought.

Suddently, she felt she lost control in her crouch. Umpf.

- Annie, i can't ho... AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH

The beautiful stream of warmness spurt from her pussy. Maria passed out for a few seconds, feeling the best relief in her whole life. It was like drowning in this warmness.

She opened her eyes. Her pants were completely soaked, along with couch she sat on. She was still peeing, without any control of it. Seeing this, Annie became even more desperate. She didn't want to fight this anymore. She uncrossed her legs and look down on her crouch. -Yeeeeeees! - she watched her panties turned completely dark. Pain was gone. Annie touched her wet crouch, feeling how pee spread out from her bladder.

They're both sitting down on the totally soaked couch, looking at each other.

- I need to undress - Maria said. - Can you... Aah, fuck this. After all, you are my best friend.

She take down her pants. Her pussy was visible trough panties. Annie looked at it. She began to undress as well, while keep looking at her friend's pussy..

- Annie, do you mind if i... play a little bit with myself?

Annie didn't answered. Instead, she sat close to Maria. She smiled to her friend and touched her leg. Maria felt a little bit weird.

- Do you mind if i do this for you?

- I don't know if...

- Nobody's looking. But you must play with me too. We are friends.

"Its so weird, but..."

- Don't tell nobody about it, OK?

Annie began to massage her friend's pussy trough wet, white panties. Maria moaned a little and put her hand in Annie's panties.

They weren't only friends after that day.

