The Saturday Club - Part Five (Conclusion)

Author: Roger Ireland

*000*2020-06-09 18:00

Within days of them getting back from Berlin they had all moved into Don’s house in Orchard Crescent and the first week-end there saw them settling in. They all quickly agreed that it was more convenient to take their meals together most times and morning coffee time usually settled who was to cook that evening. A few more ‘house rules’ were established and Don particularly asked that nothing was done to upset the neighbours but as he said, with the walled garden that was not overlooked that shouldn’t be too difficult.

Having spent most of the Saturday sorting out wardrobes, drawers and such, it was decided that Sunday was to be a strictly ‘no work, no clothes’ day. Sian, of course, loved it and cooked them all breakfast of waffles and bacon with a generous helping of maple syrup. Don wasn’t so sure he would like it but Sian told him to continue to be adventurous and try something new. In fact, they finished all the waffles and bacon with Don saying, ‘that was great Sian, are you cooking next Sunday as well?’ Sian smiled at him and said, ‘we’ll have to see how good you can be through the week.’ Heather said, ‘I’ll keep him on his toes’, and they all laughed. As they were laughing the doorbell rang.

They all jumped and Don said, ‘I’d better go’ and quickly pulled on his shorts. When Don answered the door the others could hear him as he said, ‘Oh, hello Dave, how are you.’ Dave said, ‘great Don thanks, how are you? Sandra and I were thinking of a barbecue, it looks like it might be a nice day and probably one of the last nice days this year. You want to come round?’ A pause followed as Don considered his best response, Dave seemed a little surprised at the hesitation while Peter, Sian and Heather were wondering what ever he would say.

‘Love to’, said Don, but I have three friends who have moved in with me and we are celebrating by having a special day. Tell you what, why don’t you join us for a barbie as there are four of us to feed, and we’ll come to yours one time when you are expecting four and not just one.’ Dave said, ‘Oh, sorry Don, didn’t realise you were celebrating with friends, so what are you celebrating?’ Don, hesitating again said, ‘well, freedom really I suppose, why don’t you and Sandra come round later and we’ll tell you a little about it.

I have to explain though that we have agreed today will be a ‘no work, no clothes’ so we are spending the whole day naked so if that would be uncomfortable for you I would understand but you and Sandra would still be very welcome.’ It was Dave’s turn to hesitate and he said, ‘well Don, that’s a turn up for the books, I had you down as the conservative type. Naked you say’. ‘Yes’ said Don, ‘All of you?’ Asked Dave. ‘Yes’, said Don. ‘Wow! Said Dave, ‘Let me talk to Sandra and I’ll let you know this afternoon.’

When Don re-joined the others he was smiling and said, ‘well that’s the next door neighbour shocked’ and laughed. Heather asked, ‘do you think they will come round later?’

‘Can’t be sure’, said Don. ‘Dave looked shocked but also quite excited so who knows they might, I’ve known them for years so they would trust me I think, let’s see.’

They carried on with a fairly lazy day and there were a couple of bottoms smacked in fun as lunch, a combined effort, was prepared and enjoyed. Then at about 2.30 the doorbell rang again, They all looked at each other and Peter said to Don, ‘you think that might be Dave?’ Don said, ‘I’ll go and see.’ Sian said, ‘I dare you to answer the door as you are.’

‘OK’, said Don with a smile. Heather called after him, ‘wait a moment, I’ll go with you.’ They opened the door together carefully at first then realised it was Dave and stood just inside the door much to Dave’s surprise but also his obvious liking as he looked at them both and tried to focus on their faces. ‘He said, ‘Sandra and I have decided we would love to come round later if you are happy to have us.’

‘Of course’ Said Don, ‘6.30 be okay? We can catch the early evening sun then.’

‘Would you like us to come, erm, in costume?’ Dave said. Don laughed and said, ‘if you would like to join us you will be welcome however you are dressed, or not.’ As they closed the door Heather gave Don’s bottom a resounding slap and ran back down the hall into the garden with him in pursuit. Heather, younger than Don, was very agile and quick but he managed to catch her to flick her bum just before she sat down again at the lunch table. Heather was laughing and said, ‘you made me wet myself running round that fast look’, and she stood up to show dribbles still running down her legs.

6.30 came around quite quickly and they had all worked to prepare the barbeque meal and started cooking it around 6 to be ready when Dave and Sandra arrived. The neighbours were punctual, Dave was wearing shorts and a golf sweater and Sandra had on a long dress. Don and Heather answered the door to them and Don introduced Heather properly. It seemed strange to Dave and Sandra to be shaking hands with a complete stranger who was absolutely naked. As soon as Don had closed the door however, Sandra slipped her dress off her shoulders and allowed it to drop to the floor revealing a well-shaped, nicely tanned body with a bush manicured into a landing strip. Dave pulled off his sweater and dropped his shorts to stand naked in Don’s hall.

They stood a little awkwardly for a moment and Heather said, ‘come and meet the others’, and led them through to the terrace where Peter was tending the barbeque. He was wearing an apron and nothing else, Dave said, ‘I thought this was a no clothes day’, smiling as he was introduced to Peter. Peter said, ‘I might be willing to go naked all day but I draw the line at facing a barbeque fire with no protection at all!’ The guys laughed even louder than the girls and any inhibitions disappeared with the laughter.

Sandra got on well with Heather and Sian and as they ate, The Saturday Club, and how it came about was explained to Dave and Sandra and then they also recounted the best parts of the Berlin trip. They thought it was an amazing story and Dave said, ‘I’m really glad for you Don, since the divorce you have been a little reserved and introverted, understandably of course, but this is the happiest I have ever seen you. And as for you Peter, although we have only just met, you and Sian seem to have been through the mill and I’m pleased that it has worked out so well.’ Sandra said, ‘I agree with Dave it is not often that you see two couples so well-suited and happy together, good on you all. Now I really have to pee, can I use your bathroom please Don?’

‘Yes of course’, said Don automatically. ‘Do it sat here,’ chipped in Sian, ‘I have already.’

‘What just sit here and pee?’ said Sandra. ‘Yes’ said Sian, ‘The chairs are plastic and we are sat on the lawn, try it and feel the freedom.’ Sandra looked at Dave who said, ‘why not love? I’ll do it with you if you like, hold my hand.’ So they held hands and a moment later Sandra turned bright red and said, ‘I’m doing it, I’m really doing it! It feels all hot on my bum.’ Dave grabbed a paper napkin from the table and put it in his lap trying to hide a growing erection as he too peed in his chair and was clearly excited sharing that with his wife.

The evening had turned chilly by then and, having cleared away the plates etc. they all went inside. They talked a little more about the freedom that the four friends had found with each other and Dave asked Heather where she bought her nappies from and she gave him a couple of websites to try. He said that he had always wanted to wear a nappy to bed and be free to wet as and when he felt like it. Sandra looked at him askance and said, ‘I knew you were always a little excited when you heard me pee but never knew that you wanted to wet the bed. Why ever didn’t you say something?’

‘Don’t really know’, he answered, ‘maybe I needed to feel confident that you wouldn’t be put off, tonight has been a great encouragement to be whatever we want to be as these folks have shown.’

When Dave and Sandra were leaving Dave said, ‘It seems The Saturday Club has become the Orchard Drive Club.’ They all laughed at that and as Dave and Sandra walked down the path there was a clear trail of wet splashes where Sandra was wetting down her legs.

The following Saturday was so bright and sunny that Peter decided to go for a run before lunch which they planned to have in the garden. By the time he came back the other three were sitting round the table on the lawn with glasses of wine ready for lunch which was prepared and keeping hot on the hob. Peter came into the garden through the back gate and walked up the crazy paving path past the pond and stopped for a minute to chat before going in to change. ‘Nice run?’ asked Sian. ‘Great’ said Peter, ‘I’m ready for my lunch though, I’ll just go and pee then I’ll change and be with you.’

‘Are you bursting?’ Said Sian with a wicked little grin. ‘Actually yes’, said Peter, ‘I really need to go’ and half turned to go into the house. ‘I think we should keep him talking for a while don’t you?’, she asked the others. Heather, always up for something exciting, agreed straight away, ‘yes why not, he might even wet himself because he can’t wait’. They chatted to him and included questions for Peter and within a minute he was touching and holding himself in an effort not to wet his jogging bottoms. He said, ‘the sound of this running water is what’s doing it, I’m nearly wetting myself now.’ They made him wait a moment more and then it was all over, he completely wet himself, wetting down his leg and onto his old trainers then finally making a puddle on the floor.

Peter said, ‘I may as well throw these things in the washing machine on the way through to change.’ Sian said, ‘yes I have a couple of things to go into the wash as well I’ll run them through later.’ With that Peter stripped off on the patio and disappeared inside the house. He returned a few minutes later and they had lunch, a little later than planned but enjoyable nonetheless. After they had finished lunch, Sian, who was wearing a pair of light coloured trousers looked at Peter and said, ‘I’ve just sat here and peed in my trousers would you like to see?’ Peter said, ‘of course, I love wet bottoms.’

When she stood up her trousers were still glistening but more striking was the fact that her knickers, a light blue with pink flower motifs were completely visible, her trousers had turned all but transparent with the wetness. Heather said, ‘Wow! That’s sexy Sian, we can see your knickers clearly, I love that.’ Sian slowly peeled down her soaked trousers and then her wet knickers and, holding them in her hand, she walked across the patio to the back door showing off her cute bum and long legs as she went. ‘Peter said, ‘I have something I must just go and attend to, won’t be long,’ and left also. Don and Heather laughed and Don said, ‘I know what he’s going to attend to!’

‘Sian’, said Heather and they both laughed again. ‘Heather’, said Don, ‘that’s a very naughty thought, I think you need a little corrective therapy for that, take your knickers down.’ Heather pulled her knickers down slowly under her short skirt until they were around her ankles. Don pulled her over his knee and spanked her bottom while she squealed and squirmed. When he had finished he pulled her onto his lap facing away from him and she felt his dick, hard now from spanking her. She pushed and squirmed herself against it and he pushed against her bare pussy then, a moment later, she reached round behind her back and undid his trousers allowing him to push right inside her wet pussy. One of the house rules they had agreed was that the sharing of sexy fun stopped short of actually watching the others engaged in sex itself so that each couple had their privacy for that.

Heather said, ‘what if they catch us doing it?’ Don said. ‘They won’t be back before we are finished,’ and kissed her ears driving her to a quick and full climax, followed a minute later by his own. As Heather went to stand up he said, ‘wait a moment until he has gone down enough for me to get him back in my pants.’ Heather laughed and agreed, squeezing him once more before she let him go. By the time Sian and Peter came back onto the patio Heather was standing up in front of Don, dick put away by now, her knickers still around her ankles. Sian said to Heather, ’Been naughty again have we?’ and gave her a big smile. ‘Only a little bit’, said Heather. She stepped out of her knickers and walked slowly into the house, cheekily lifting the back of her skirt as she went, showing a bare bum and said, ‘anyone for coffee?’

Prior to them moving into Don’s house together they all used to allow some work to build up towards the end of the week to give them excuses to be in the office on Saturdays. Now as they went through the working week they all tried to finish the work they had so as to leave Saturday and Sunday free for fun at home. The very next Saturday after Peter’s jogging ‘accident’ however, Sian had to call into the office for something she had forgotten. When she got back to Don’s house the others were just having coffee and Heather made one for Sian as well. Sian was excited and clearly had something to tell them. She said, ‘you are never going to guess what I saw at the office! I had to call in to pick up the quotation we are sending out to Richardsons, she looked at Peter who nodded, I want to check it over.

When I walked into reception downstairs the warehouse door was open and Declan was in the doorway dressed in a leather jacket, short lederhosen complete with braces and heavy studs and calf length boots. Just like he had stepped off one of the stands in Berlin! He had the good grace to look a little embarrassed but no guilty looks. I just smiled and said ‘hi!’ When I went upstairs Lucy was in the kitchen making coffee, she offered me one, and she was wearing a very short, tight, leather skirt.

I looked at her and said, ‘HI, love the skirt’, she blushed and said, ‘well it is Saturday, I thought I could get away with wearing something a little more daring.’ I just said, ‘Go for it girl’ and left her to it. Peter said, ‘You know I almost think there might be a new Saturday Club starting, we should leave them to enjoy it, Look what it did for us.’ Everyone smiled and agreed then Don said, ‘that calls for a celebration, what say we choose one of the best Saturdays so far and have an action replay?

A very careful observer might just have noticed a slight growing bulge in Don’s trousers as he looked at Heather and a small dribble making its way slowly down the inside of Sian’s leg.

The End

###

© Roger Ireland 2020

Peters jogging pants.mp4

*002*2020-06-10 17:17

Thank you Melificentfan, glad you liked it.

