Slime Girl Omorashi

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2020-01-15 08:29

Before I begin the story, here's a couple of things.

It has been ages since I last posted on here. My last post was 3 years ago and it turned into an unfinished story. Unfortunately, most of what I worked on in the past turned into unfinished stories. Creatively, this is typically because I tend to bite off more than I can chew, so to speak. I come up with grand ideas for longer stories and when my creative steam runs out on them or I come up with other ideas, I have a tendency to abandon projects. I wanted to apologize first and foremost to any of you who might remember my content from 3 years ago and were let down by the abandonment of one of those stories. I realize this is a less formal environment and stories winding up unfinished is not necessarily an uncommon or unforgivable act. However, as a creative mind and as an author, I feel personally responsible for the ideas and content I post, and when I set up an expectation to deliver on that content and fail, I feel responsible and I am taking responsibility by apologizing.

I realize everything I just said is only going to be relevant to people who remember me from my posts 3 years ago, so to tie this directly to this story and others I may post it in the future, I will mostly be focusing on keeping a short story format with what I post, at least until I can be assured that the time and motivation I have will allow me to post longer stories. In specific, this story is a two-parter, and I will post the second part as soon as I'm done writing and finalizing it.

[SECONDLY AND MOST IMPORTANT!]

Even if you skipped all that preamble, or it's not really relevant to you, I wanted to NOTE/WARN everyone beforehand that this story contains WEIRD BIOLOGY. Namely, it involves a Slime Girl with separate biology that works differently from humans. I explain this in the story, but essentially the way a slime girl's body processes and filters waste is different. TECHNICALLY the slime girl in this story does not have to "pee" in the sense that urine has built up in her body, and in fact doesn't even have a real bladder (though what is essentially a bladder forms when she's about to/desperately needs to relieve herself of liquid waste/excess liquid).

It's essentially a distinct biological process that is, at the same time, physically and mentally analogous to having to pee. She still refers to it as having to pee and she still experiences typical signs of desperation (i.e. leg crossing, squirming, grabbing herself, etc). If this does not bother you, great! Enjoy the story. However if you get weirded out by these kinds of things or if unconventional biology makes you uncomfortable, I would turn back now. You have been warned.

With that out of the way, please enjoy!

Luna shifted from foot to uneasy foot as she waited by the door to her apartment for her date to come pick her up. She looked down at her dress again-- a short, flirty piece with spaghetti straps and just enough frills to look classy without looking overdone-- as well as at her pink, translucent body.

Luna was a slime girl. Not exactly a common sight, least of all in a small town like Newlake. Sure, some of the bigger cities had a higher population of monsters and supernatural creatures, especially the ones founded after their existence was revealed to the general public, but Newlake was a backwater town that had existed for decades before humans even knew creatures like Luna were anything more than myth. It still had a very humanocentric culture, and Luna often faced prejudice and discrimination growing up.

It was for that reason that she was anxious. Her date had looked past the fact that she was a slime girl, and had still agreed to go out with her. Luna’s biogel pulsed in nervous excitement as she waited for her date.

However, bubbling just underneath that sense of excitement and anxiety, was another feeling. One uncomfortable and all-to-familiar to Luna. One that made her press her legs together almost enough that her skin was about to fuse together.

Slime girls had very little in the way of organs. They had an opaque, jelly-like bundle of glands encased in a hard mineral-like substance somewhere in their bodies that could be thought of as a brain. They also had the most basic of skeletal structures, though it was completely transparent due to having the exact same refractive index of their biogel. While they serve as structural support for the slime girl to take a humanoid shape, their bones could be broken down, reformed into various shapes, and dissolved completely at will.

Outside of that, there were no organs to speak of. No kidneys to filter out waste and no bladder to hold urine. That was because such complex, specific systems weren’t needed in a creature whose body was amorphous. Their insides pulsed around, distributing nutrients evenly throughout their body, and likewise, waste was evenly distributed amidst their biogel. Both solid and liquid waste was typically condensed just before excretion, which, in modern society, generally meant using a toilet as a human would.

However, when a slime girl’s body becomes too concentrated with one type of waste or the other, or when there was some form of imbalance in their body, their body tries to correct by signaling a release, the signal of which gets stronger as time goes on.

This was what was happening to Luna. She wanted to make sure she looked her absolute best, no matter what, but she realized that she was somewhat lacking in the chest and curves department. Slime girls naturally didn’t need breasts, but Luna had mimicked her friends’ development while growing up to fit in. However, she had played it modest, and now she was regretting it.

Her date was her best friend since middle school, but it took her all of high school and into their second-year of college together for her to even say anything. One reason was because of her insecurities over being a slime, but the other reason was much more simple than that.

Her date was Alyssa, a girl who, up until recently, she was pretty sure had no interest in dating girls, let alone slime girls.

With them having been best friends, Luna couldn’t remember a time Alyssa had ever mentioned liking girls prior to a few months ago. She was always hearing about Alyssa’s boyfriends or crushes, and she figured that was the extent of it. Alyssa wasn’t into girls and Luna would wait until her crush on her best friend faded or she found someone else. That had been her plan, and had been successful up until Alyssa got drunk one night and started flirting with their very busty, definitely female bartender.

Jealousy aside, just the very thought that Luna might have a sliver of a chance with Alyssa got in her head, and her feelings came rushing back all at once. She started dropping hints and Alyssa seemed to be playing along, and then the other day, after Alyssa had a near mental-breakdown over finals and Luna comforted her, Luna confessed her feelings and Alyssa had, remarkably, agreed to go out with her.

That left Luna with one problem. Her figure. Given Alyssa’s choice of girls when flirting, it seemed she was into the busty ladies. Unfortunately, Luna’s figure was modest at best. Slime girls did have some amount of shapeshifting abilities, but she couldn’t add mass where there wasn’t any. She could sacrifice some of her height for a bigger chest, but in order to make it worth her while she’d need to make herself noticeably shorter. She could also gradually add more and more mass as she integrated more protein and nutrients from her diet, but it wasn’t an overnight affair.

That’s why Luna had resorted to the source of her current predicament.

She had oversaturated her body with external sources of fluid to temporarily boost the volume of her biogel, which helped her accomplish a bigger chest and add a little more curve to her lower half as well.

However, it also had the drawback of upsetting the balance within her body, which she was interpreting as a need to release the pent up water inside of her. A feeling that, while not biologically accurate, Luna herself recognized as needing to pee. Luna was already starting to have doubts about her idea. She was already uncomfortable and she wasn’t sure how she’d fair throughout the whole date night. However, before she could change her mind, there was a knock on her door, and Luna jumped in both surprise and excitement.

She threw open the door and, as she suspected, Alyssa was standing there waiting for her with a big grin on her face.

“You ready to hit the town, new girlfriend?” The confident, grinning blonde asked. She was wearing a black, high-cut tank top with a purple t-shirt underneath, and a black skirt with long, purple socks that left only a few inches of her thighs visible where the skirt stopped. She even had the faintest hint of a subtle, pink lipstick that made her lips pop. Luna’s eyes were immediately drawn to them as they parted in a surprised O-shape.

Luna didn’t even need to look at her date’s eyes to know exactly what they were focusing on. Her glee at her date’s shock and awe instantly quelled any regrets she had of doing this.

“You’ve certainly- I mean, you… look, I give up trying to be coy about it. You’re boobs are bigger!”

“Well,” Luna smiled, “I am a slime girl. We do have some control over these kinds of things.”

I’ll leave off the part where I had to drink a few liters of water and electrolytes to get this effect.

“Oh, that sounds fun~” Alyssa remarked playfully.

Luna would have blushed if she had blood. Instead, she glanced sheepishly to the side. She wasn’t sure if she should be mad about Alyssa having lewd thoughts about her, or happy that Alyssa was outright flirting with her. It definitely quelled some of her fears. A part of her felt that this was date was happening mostly out of Alyssa not wanting to disappoint her friend.

“Anyway, did you have anything planned, Luna?” Alyssa asked, “You were the one who asked me out, after all?”

“I d-don’t… I don’t know, I didn’t think I’d get this far…” Luna admitted.

“Pffft…” Alyssa snickered, placing a hand over her mouth.

Luna immediately pouted, “Hey, d-don’t make fun of me! I’m serious!”

“Wait, wait no, sorry. I’m not laughing at you,” Alyssa smiled, “You just… you said something from an old show I used to watch. It’s also a meme now. Have you seriously never seen that one? I’m sure I’ve showed you. You know, where Plankton-”

Alyssa looked over at Luna and, seeing the utterly confused expression on her face, just shook her head and waved it off.

“Nevermind, I’ll show you later. Anyway, Luckily for you, I have some plans. Turns out, that really cool anime movie I was telling you about has a showing over in Nova, so I figured we could head down there. And while we’re at it, we can check out that new sushi bar that opened up there! I hear the head chef’s a vampire from Japan and they’ve got a dullahan waitress, so no one will bat an eye at a slime girl walking in.”

“Ah, sounds good,” Luna smiled. However, suddenly a faint pressure reminded her that she was holding onto a lot more liquid than normal, and she fidgeted uncomfortably, “You said it was in Nova? Isn’t that an hour’s drive from here?”

“It’s no problem for me, I don’t mind driving us!” Alyssa smiled, “You know me, I like driving. Especially when I have good company in the seat next to me, and a good view~”

At that last part, Alyssa not-so-coverty glanced back down at Luna’s new temporary figure, and smirked.

It wasn’t like Luna could argue with that, and the date night did sound fun, but Luna wasn’t enthusiastic about having to be in a car for an hour before they even got their date night underway. Ordinarily she wouldn’t mind riding, in fact, she often found it soothing, but with her current predicament in mind, she wasn’t looking forward to all that jostling.

Still, she forced a smile and nodded, “Sounds good, then, let’s go!”

The two headed down to the parking lot where they climbed into Alyssa’s car. Since the extra liquid in her body wasn’t confined to her abdomen, sitting down didn’t heighten the physical pressure Luna was experiencing, but being in a seated position heightened her psychological urge to pee. It was likely because a sitting position was how she was most accustomed to peeing.

Alyssa turned the keys to the ignition and the car started, the vibrations instantly propagating their way through Luna’s gel-like body. Almost as an innate reaction, she could feel her body start to gather liquid in her core near her crotch in preparation for release, and she fought against it until the fluid once again dissolved back into her biogel. Vibrations traveled easier through liquids than solids, and her biogel was definitely looser due to her oversaturation.

As Alyssa drove off, Luna realized she would feel everything the car did to a heightened degree. Luna felt herself pressing her thighs together again. Once again, it wasn’t like there was any physical benefit from doing so. It was more an innate behavior she learned from growing up around humans, and it had a psychological comfort to her that eased her urge to pee ever so slightly.

“So, I wanted to apologize,” Alyssa spoke after they had gotten on their way, “For… for breaking down the other day, I mean. I’m usually so composed and these things usually don’t get to me, but I’ve been adjusting to my new position at work and with school and everything piling up and the test being such a huge percent of my grade, I just kind of lost it, you know?”

“It’s fine,” Luna smiled, both to reassure her friend, and also because she was grateful Alyssa was providing her with a distraction, “Everyone can let life get the better of them at times. You know I’m not the best with handling that kind of stuff myself.”

“I know, I just… I felt bad, so I wanted to say it. Also, I feel bad that it took something like that to get you to confess to me. I should’ve been more observant. You’ve been my friend for so long and I’ve been kind of oblivious to everything.”

“It’s not like I was really open about it,” Luna admitted, “I just… I never thought you’d see me like that, so I kind of hid it from you. It’s not like I was trying to get you to notice.”

“I guess you’re right,” Alyssa conceded, “Still, I feel really bad about it. All those times I flirted with people or talked to you about my crushes or bragged about my boyfriends… you must’ve hated it.”

“I-I didn’t really! Sure, part of me was jealous, but another part of me was just happy that you were happy. I know that probably sounds really cheesy, but I thought as long as you were enjoying yourself and having fun with the people you love, I could cheer you on in spite of my own feelings.”

Alyssa smiled, “That’s really sweet, but I want you to look after yourself too, from now on! Oof!”

Suddenly the car hit a pothole and jostled the whole car violently, sending shocks through Luna. She stifled a moan as she clenched her legs together, trying hard not to let Alyssa notice her discomfort.

“I-I will!” Luna replied, somewhat ironically. She was currently subjecting herself to an uncomfortable predicament for Alyssa’s sake, and was seriously rethinking things. There was no way she was going to make it through the night like this. She already had to go and it would only get worse as time went on.

“But… if I go to the bathroom, I’ll lose my current figure, and Alyssa will notice. I’d have to explain to her what happened. That’d be so embarrassing!”

Luna sighed. Of course she had tried to gain Alyssa’s attention with her bigger bust, but at the same time, because Alyssa had taken immediate notice of it, backing down now wasn’t an option.

“It’ll just be for one night. I’ll make a good first impression on our date, then go back to normal. I can even build up my current form naturally over time so I won’t have to oversaturate myself just to look like this.”

Her discomfort faded as she pushed those thoughts to the back of her mind, resolved to make it through the night and enjoy her first date with Alyssa.

Luckily, the rest of the hour-long car ride had been relatively uneventful, and Alyssa had come up with enough conversation topics to distract Luna from her situation. However, due to the length, Luna was now seriously desperate. Far from a nagging at the back of her mind, the slime girl’s mind was yelling at her to give up and let go. Still, despite her urges and the uncomfortable feeling within her, she tried her best to show no outward signs to Alyssa that anything was amiss.

They finally pulled into a parking garage and Alyssa was the first to hop out of the car. She stretched energetically and smiled as she went around the car to open Luna’s door for her.

“Alright, let’s go get the sushi first! The movie’s not for another hour and I’m starving!” Alyssa beamed as she outstretched a hand to help Luna up. Luna grabbed it and pulled herself to her feet, which sent a surge of desperation through her body. She squeaked and stumbled, feeling Alyssa catch her before she fell. The jostle when she was stopped suddenly didn’t help either, and Luna once again felt her body force the extra liquid to gather in her abdomen, desperate to be released through her crotch.

“Hey, you okay?” Alyssa asked.

Luna forced herself to stand, still feeling the liquid pooled in her abdomen, ready for release. She held it back and forced what she hoped was a convincing smile.

“I’m fine, sorry! I was just sitting for so long,” Luna played it off.

Alyssa nodded, “Yeah, it was a long drive, but we’re finally here! Let’s go get some sushi!”

Luna nodded, trying to be enthusiastic despite herself, “Yes, let’s!”

The walk to the sushi restaurant was torturous. The liquid in her abdomen refused to be absorbed back into her biogel, and the pressure it was putting on her to let it flow out freely was immense. She had fallen behind Alyssa in a vain hope that her blonde girlfriend wouldn’t notice. She walked carefully, with her thighs pressed together and a hand balling at the fabric of her dress.

Upon reaching the restaurant, Luna’s resolve was seriously faltering. They’d be watching a movie in an hour, and it was probably at least a few hours long. There was no way she’d be able to contain all this extra liquid inside her that long, especially since she was already this desperate.

Luna was seriously tempted to just rush to the bathroom and explain everything to Alyssa, embarrassment be damned. It’d be far more embarrassing if she wet herself on their date.

“Then again, if I come clean now, she’ll probably be mad. I mean, I know she’s not shallow, but she’d be upset that I put myself through this. But then again, if I wind up wetting myself, I’d have to explain it anyway…”

Luna shook her head. There was no way she could hold it the whole night. She’d just have to go to the bathroom and think of what to tell Alyssa later.

As the two entered the restaurant, they were immediately silently greeted by a girl in a gothic lolita outfit. Or most of a girl. Her head was completely missing, with bandage covering the top of the neck, and Luna nearly screamed and wet herself out of fear before remembering that Alyssa had told her a dullahan worked here. Still, it was weird to see a dullahan without her head.

“Hello, welcome to MonSushi Express!” A cheery voice sounded, matching the movements of the dullahan’s body, “I’m down here, by the way!”

The two looked down at the girl’s waist and, sure enough, the dullahan’s severed head was fastened to the waist of the skirt with some kind of harness.

“Normally dullahan carry their heads around with them, but as a waitress, I need both hands free,” she explained without prompting, “I apologize if my appearance is shocking or bothersome!”

“It’s no problem!” Alyssa smiled, “As you can see, my girlfriend here’s a slime girl!”

Luna blubbered in embarrassment at hearing Alyssa call her “girlfriend”, but nodded at the dullahan silently.

“Ah, so I’m assuming a party of two?” the waitress asked, “Would you like a table, booth, or to sit at the sushi bar?”

“We’ll take a booth!” Alyssa smiled.

“Certainly! Right this way!”

As the two were ushered into the restaurant, Luna noticed two things. One was that she didn’t see any visible restroom signs, or any obvious places where they might be. The second was that, as the dullahan lead them into the restaurant, she herself seemed to have a bit of an awkward gait. Looking down at the dullahan’s head, Luna noticed a noticeable sheen of sweat on her forehead and an uncomfortable expression that seemed to worsen as they passed by another waitress refilling a diner’s drink.

“Have a seat right here!” the dullahan spoke cheerfully, placing two menus on the table. As Luna sat down, a surge of desperation hit her, and it took everything in her power not to show it. At the same time, she noticed the dullahan waitress was having trouble standing still, shifting her weight from foot to foot as she waited for them to take their seats. Maybe it was because Luna was madly desperate to pee at this point, so she was framing all their waitress’s actions through that frame of mind, but she was sure the dullahan was also in need of the restroom.

“May I get you two started with a drink?” she asked, pulling out her notepad.

“I’ll take a Coke,” Alyssa replied almost instantly.

The dullahan turned to Luna, waiting for her answer. The last thing Luna wanted right now was more liquids, but not ordering a drink would signal to Alyssa that something was wrong.

“I’ll take a water, please,” Luna replied, smiling.

“Certainly!” the dullahan smiled at the two of them, “I’ll be right back with your drinks!”

As she headed off, Luna could swear she saw her place a hand uncomfortably on her abdomen.

Speaking of which, Luna herself desperately needed to use the bathroom. She looked around the restaurant again nervously, but still couldn’t find any signs. Now that her legs weren’t visible to Alyssa, she crossed them under the table and jammed a hand between them for good measure. She could still feel all the liquid collected in her abdomen. If she wasn't wearing her dress, the round pocket of fluid would be visible through her skin, right around where a human’s bladder would be. It would be pretty obvious she needed to pee.

“See, I told you they have a dullahan waitress!” Alyssa smiled, “Isn’t this great? You won’t have to worry about people looking at you uncomfortably throughout the meal! I can’t believe people still can’t accept supernaturals these days.”

“Yeah, I’m glad!,” Luna smiled. Back in town, most restaurants were run by and employed only humans, and a slime girl like herself would get a lot of unwanted attention. Usually when they went to Nova, though, those prejudices were less common. It was one of the reasons Luna was legitimately grateful Alyssa had chosen Nova as their first date’s setting of choice.

“Oh, we should look over the menu so we can figure out what we want before the waitress comes back!” Alyssa realized, opening the menu, “Oh, so many good choices!”

Luna looked down at the menu and skimmed over it half-heartedly, taking yet another opportunity to look around for the restrooms. There still weren’t any signs in sight, and Luna was getting worried.

“The waitress looked like she had to go too. What if there aren’t any bathrooms here? No, that’s ridiculous. They wouldn’t open a restaurant in a building with no bathrooms. I’m pretty sure that isn’t allowed. Oh, but what if they’re out of order? No no, still, I should ask… But what do I do if she says they are out of order?”

The waitress came back a few minutes later with their drinks, setting each down in front of them. The very sight of water made Luna’s body remind her of her need.

“Phew, here you two go! Sorry it took so long, we’re pretty swamped tonight! I haven’t even had a chance to take my break yet!” the dullahan noted. She shifted on her legs uncomfortably, and that all but confirmed her predicament for Luna.

“Anyway, are you guys ready to order, or do you need a few minutes?”

“I’m ready,” Alyssa answered, glancing over at Luna, “Are you ready?”

“Yeah,” Luna nodded. She really wanted to ask the waitress where the restrooms were, but after the dullahan confessed she hadn’t had the chance to go to the bathroom, the slime girl felt that asking would be insensitive.

“I’ll ask when she comes back with our food, that way I’m not asking for the bathroom right after she hinted that she needed to go too.”

“Anyway, what will you have?”

Luna looked up and noticed the dullahan was looking at her expectantly. Alyssa had already ordered while she was lost in thought.

“Oh, I’ll take the spicy tuna and the Nova special,” Luna replied, recalling the two things her brain had noticed on the menu.

“Alright. And will that be it for you two? Did you want to add a dessert or anything?”

“No, I think we’re good,” Alyssa smiled, “We’re going to catch a movie after this, so we probably won’t have time.”

“Oh, sounds exciting!” the dullahan smiled, “I’ll put in a special order for the chef, have him expedite the order so you two don’t miss your movie on our watch!”

“Thank you, that’d be great!” Alyssa smiled.

“Yes, thank you,” Luna added.

The dullahan waitress hobbled off, her legs clearly pressed together and her body clearly stiff and uncomfortable. As Luna watched her head off, she felt a pang of empathy ring out from her own abdomen, and she shifted uncomfortably in her seat.

“Man, I really feel that with the no break thing,” Alyssa sighed, “Remember last Thursday when I complained that Jason called out for work again so I was stuck with a double-shift? Well, our shifts overlapped, so there was a whole hour where I was working the registers alone at like, the busiest time of the day. It was awful.”

“Oh yeah, you were really upset that day, I remember you telling me,” Luna recalled.

“Man, I was pissed. Our manager was in the back for a “phone meeting” so I was the only one watching both registers and like, halfway through I had to pee but when I tried to buzz my manager to get help she didn’t respond and I couldn’t just leave the registers unattended so I had to hold it the whole freaking time, and then even when Kaitlyn came in the store was so busy I didn’t want to leave the poor girl alone at the registers because she’s only been there for like, three weeks. I nearly pissed myself but the manager finally came out and it slowed down so I was able to go.”

Luna nodded, listening to Alyssa’s story. She was trying to be a good friend. Trying to be a good girlfriend, even, but Alyssa talking about needing to pee only reminded her of her own needs. The slime girl shifted in her seat and jammed her hand further between her legs under the table. She was so desperate it wasn’t funny and she sincerely hoped the waitress would come back so she could ask her where the bathroom was.

“I swear, next time that happens, I’m literally just locking down the registers and hoping for the best. I’m not gonna piss myself just to help a couple customers. It’s my manager’s fault for not scheduling more than two people on the afternoon shift when it gets busy as hell. And Jason should just be fired already. He’s called out like, five times in the past year, and all of them are bullshit excuses… I’m sorry, I’m going on a total rant.”

“Oh, no, it’s fine,” Luna smiled, “I know how stressed out your job can be sometimes. I’m sorry they don’t really treat you right there.”

“It’s not all bad, just sometimes we’re understaffed,” Alyssa admitted.

“A-alright, here you two go!”

The dullahan came hobbling back, carrying two large plates with their sushi orders arranged on them decoratively. She was definitely struggling by this point, her forehead beaded with sweat as she struggled to walk somewhat normally. Luna bet she wanted nothing more than to jam both hands between her legs and hobble off to the bathroom. Part of the slime girl really wished she would. At least she could follow the dullahan’s path and find the bathroom without having to ask.

“Enjoy, and let me know if you need anything else!”

The dullahan looked ready to rush off, but Luna stopped her by holding up her hand.

“Ah, before you go, could you please tell me where the restrooms are?”

Luna was a bit embarrassed asking, and felt bad when she saw the look of envy that flooded over the dullahan’s face, but the waitress forced a smile and nodded.

“It’s right over there, by the back corner! See the sign? Sorry it’s so hard to see. It’s not lit up yet because there were some wiring problems we discovered when we first opened, but we couldn’t get an electrician out until next week.”

“That’s fine, thank you!”

Luna stood up and immediately regretted it. A surge of desperation flooded through her and she nearly stumbled into the dullahan. However, she was able to regain her balance and turn around to Alyssa.

“I’ll be right back!”

Alyssa nodded.

Luna walked to the bathroom, trying to be as natural as possible. As she walked off, she saw the dullahan hobble off desperately in the opposite direction, away from relief. Luna felt bad for the girl, but her own predicament was paramount. Luna made her way to the bathroom and the second she turned into the short hallway and was sure she was out of Alyssa’s line of sight, she jammed her hands into her crotch and hobbled the rest of the way to the bathroom.

She reached for the doorknob and her heart nearly sunk when the knob wouldn’t turn. She heard someone call out “someone’s in here!” from inside and she panicked. Her knees buckled as she fought the urge to let go right here. Because she had been so sure all she had to do was wait for the waitress to come back to ask for the bathroom, her body had mentally prepared for her to relieve herself. Now that she could not, she almost wet herself merely from the expectation of getting to pee.

Luna waited at the bathroom door for what felt like an eternity, though in reality it was probably closer to minutes, and the woman inside didn’t seem inclined to leave anytime soon. She desperately fought to keep it all inside her as she waited for her chance at relief.

As she waited, she realized what would happen if she really went now. She’d have to go back to the table and explain to Alyssa that she had been holding it in to make her boobs bigger. The idea seemed reasonable, even good, when Luna first conceptualized it. Yet now she was regretting that decision. Alyssa would think that Luna thought she was shallow. It might leave a bad taste in her mouth for the rest of her date. Worse still, if the person didn’t get out of the bathroom soon, Luna would have to explain more than just why her boobs shrunk. She’d have to explain why she wet herself as well.

Luna didn’t want to have to explain to Alyssa either of those things.

Luna was about to collapse onto the ground in the effort of holding it all in when finally she heard the sound of the toilet flushing behind the door. The sound was almost enough to make her wet herself, but somehow she managed to hold it all in. Even through the sound of the woman washing her hands in the sink, Luna held herself and managed to contain all the liquid she had pent up inside her. She wasn’t sure how, but she was still dry when the woman opened the door in front of her.

It took all of Luna’s self-control to avoid barging in and shoving the woman out of the bathroom so she could finally have relief. She forced herself to stand upright and somewhat presentably as the woman exited the bathroom and entered in after her.

As soon as the door was closed, Luna had scant seconds to pull down her panties and sit herself down onto the seat before the floodgates opened. All the water, which had built up inside her and collected waste products from her biogel, flowed out in a green stream at full force into the toilet bowl. The relief she felt in that moment was so blissful she almost forgot why she had been so desperate in the first place.

Luna felt her boobs shrink as her body returned to its normal shape. Before they were pressing out noticeably against the fabric of her dress, but now the fabric was relaxed. It wasn’t like she didn’t have any chest, but it was definitely a noticeable difference.

As Luna continued to relieve herself, she heard someone jiggle the doorknob to the bathroom and panicked knocking.

“Oh, please, please hurry up!”

It was the dullahan’s voice. Apparently she had gotten her break after all, but now Luna was occupying the only bathroom. It was a small restaurant, so Luna wasn’t surprised they only had one set of bathrooms.

Luna finished up and the dullahan waitress once again knocked on the door frantically.

“Please tell me you’re done in there, I’m about to wet myself!”

Luna didn’t answer, instead pulling up her panties, adjusting her dress, and flushing. She looked at herself in the mirror. It was definitely noticeable something had changed. Not only were her boobs smaller, but because they had been bigger, the dress had been noticeably stretched out and wrinkled to accommodate the bigger size. Now that they were normal again, her dress made her chest look almost deflated.

“I look like a wreck… what am I gonna tell Alyssa? What if she winds up hating me for it…”

Now that Luna had relieved herself, the utter desperation and just wanting to pee was replaced with dread at facing the predicament she had placed herself in. Luna went over to the sink and started washing her hands, earning her an audible moan of desperation outside the door. As the water ran over her biogel, Luna thought of something else.

She had held it in for a while, and it had taken a few hours for the excess water in her body to be processed before it needed to be excreted. It wasn’t like she had just drank a bunch of water earlier and suddenly had to pee. It took her body time to notice imbalances in her biogel. If she were to absorb a bunch of water here in the bathroom, she could regain her busty form, and it would reasonably take a few hours for her to start feeling it again. That would give her enough time to get through the dinner and most of the movie, and even if she had to hold it at the tail end of the date as well, she held it over the entire hour-long drive and then some.

She wasn’t looking forward to having to hold it again, let alone ever getting that desperate, but at least she could keep the facade up for a bit longer. Next time she saw Alyssa, she could say that she did something special for their first date and it would take her a bit to build up to that figure for longer than a few hours.

“It’s a lot better than having to face the truth. I can do this! It’s not like I don’t have at least a few hours before having to pee again!”

Luna began soaking up the water flowing from the bathroom sink. She could drink it, of course, but she could just as easily absorb it through her skin. It was way easier to hold her hands near the faucet, even if it would take a bit longer.

“Please hurry up! I can’t hold it!”

The dullahan banged on the door outside, desperation clear in her voice. Luna felt bad, but she needed to regain her busty form for the rest of her date with Alyssa. She’d only be a few minutes more anyway.

As she stood in the mirror, Luna saw her boobs expand slowly back out to fill her dress properly. She stopped a little short of where they were last time. She didn’t think Alyssa would notice, and the less water she used, the longer she had before having to pee again.

She turned the water off and headed over to the door. She barely had enough time to turn the handle before the door burst open and the dullahan rushed in.

“Sorry, I’m practically wetting myself already! Get out of the way!”

The dullahan rushed over to the toilet without even closing the door and struggled with her elaborate outfit. She was wearing a frilly dress with leggings and a petticoat as part of her gothic lolita style. The waitress danced around desperately as she balled up large parts of her outfit, trying to reach her leggings and panties to take them off. She moaned and gasped as a solid spurt leaked out between her legs and hit the bathroom floor with a loud patter.

“Oh no no no! Please, just a few seconds longer!” The dullahan begged her body, trying to contain herself long enough to get her clothes off so she could pee.

She struggled with her clothes for a few more seconds before another spurt escaped. She jammed her hands between her legs for a frantic moment, then realized that would just spread the flood around if she did burst. She tore her hands out from between her legs, spread them, and cursed as she tore her leggings at the crotch and moved her panties out of the way. She let out another substantial spurt onto the floor as she hobbled to the toilet and plopped herself onto it the wrong way around, practically hugging the water tank as she finally let go full force into the toilet. The sound was a powerful hissing, like a pressure washer, louder than Luna’s own flow had been. It was clear the dullahan had been holding it for hours.

She let out an almost orgasmic moan before her head shifted in the harness that strapped it to her waist and she noticed that Luna was still standing there, staring wide-eyed at her, as she hadn’t had the opportunity to leave the bathroom yet. Her face lit up like a christmas tree and Luna could hear her flow stop for a split second as though she was trying to hold it until Luna had a chance to leave.

Luna opened the bathroom door and barely had a chance to close it before she could hear the dullahan waitress let out another moan and start peeing again at full-force. Luna was acutely aware of how close she came to what just happened to the dullahan. Her hand went to her abdomen subconsciously as she recalled how much pressure had built up inside her.

For now, though, she was feeling much better, and she still had the fruits of her efforts, so to speak. She might wind up having to pee again later, but for now she made her way back to Alyssa with a full chest and an empty bladder, ready to approach the rest of their date night with renewed determination.

To be continued...

*008*2020-01-17 20:29

Thank you all for the encouragement and kind words! I'm glad everyone seems to be enjoying my story so far! I definitely plan on continuing the story. I'm already in the process of writing the second part and will post it as soon as I finish, and even beyond that, I will definitely be keeping these characters and this world around for future stories.
