Slime Girl Omorashi

Author: Railgun-sama

*010*2020-02-01 02:02

Here's part 2! Sorry it took so long. I wrote it out, but I went a bit overboard and wound up writing half the fake movie's script out between theater scenes. It wound up seriously breaking up the flow of the story, so I was forced to remove most of it and replace it with really short summaries instead. If the flow in that section feels a bit weird, that's why. Anyway, this is the end of this story, but as mentioned before, I definitely plan on using this universe for future stories! In fact, I already have a story staring the Dullahan waitress in the works!

Luna returned to the table where Alyssa eagerly awaited her. It seemed like, in all the time she had been waiting, in addition to her post-pee encounter with the Dullahan waitress, Alyssa had been unable to restrain herself and had already eaten a few bites from each of her sushi orders.

“Sorry, someone was already in there, so I had to wait,” Luna apologized, sitting down.

“Oh, no worries,” Alyssa smiled, “I’m just glad they finally let the Dullahan girl go. I was starting to feel bad for her.”

Luna thought it wise not to mention that she had watched the Dullahan almost wet herself moments earlier. Instead she simply nodded and agreed, “Yeah, I’m glad she made it.”

“Anyway, now that you’re back, help yourself to the sushi!” Alyssa smiled, “It’s top-notch! I’ve been watching the chef behind the counter, and man is his knife-work impressive. I swear it’s like he can stop time or something!”

Luna glanced over at the chef behind the bar. She couldn’t get as good of a view as Alyssa, but indeed, the vampire’s hands made short work of the fish and other ingredients. The way he moved was like watching a dancer who had practiced their routine for countless hours before executing it flawlessly.

Suddenly, however, Luna felt her vision double and she suddenly grew lightheaded. A strong sense of vertigo washed over her and she had to brace herself on the table to stay upright.

“Are you okay?” Alyssa asked, concern filling her voice.

“Y-yeah, I’m just hungry is all, it’s been a while since I’ve eaten,” Luna replied.

That was a half-truth. In reality it ran deeper than that, and Luna knew it. When she had filled herself up on liquids before, she had taken care to choose a drink with plenty of electrolytes. While Slime Girls could consume far more regular water than a human before suffering adverse effects, plain water in large amounts still had some negative effects. It was lucky that Luna was about to have a meal, because otherwise not taking in any other nutrients or electrolytes to counterbalance the water she absorbed in the restroom could be dangerous.

“Well, dig in then!” Alyssa motioned to Luna’s untouched plate.

“Will do!” Luna nodded. She grabbed her chopsticks and reached for the Nova Special first.

“Oooh, that looks good!” Alyssa gushed, eyeing the roll Luna had between her chopsticks, “That’s the Nova Special, right? What’s in it, I don’t remember what the menu said it was.”

“Ah, it’s crab and white fish with cucumber, rolled and topped with spicy mayo and salmon roe,” Luna recalled. She popped it in her mouth and her eyes immediately lit up, “Ooohhh, it’s really good!”

“Yeah, the sushi here is amazing~!” Alyssa sang, “Oh, you’ve gotta try one of mine! Which one do you want?”

Luna looked over at Alyssa’s plate, “Oh, what did you order? Sorry, I was kinda busy trying to decide what I wanted.”

“I got the salmon and the spicy tempura rolls,” Alyssa answered.

“Oooh, the Tempura sounds good,” Luna replied.

“Here,” Alyssa smiled, picking up one of the tempura rolls with her chopsticks. She held it up and extended her arm across the table, “say Aaahhh~!”

“W-what?” Luna asked, eyes widening. Once again she felt grateful her biology did not allow for responses like blushing, “I-I… what are you doing?”

“I’m feeding you, silly,” Alyssa grinned, “Now come on, you’ve gotta try it!”

Luna stared blankly at Alyssa, her biogel quivered with embarrassment and self-consciousness. She glanced around nervously before quickly extending her face out and opening her mouth. Subconsciously, she closed her eyes, and she felt rather than saw Alyssa place the sushi roll on her translucent tongue. She immediately closed her mouth around it and pulled back, opening her eyes and immediately looking around to see if anyone saw her.

“There, isn’t it good?” Alyssa smiled.

“Y-yeah,” Luna nodded, “Geez, that was embarrassing.”

“Hehehe, an embarrassed Luna is a cute Luna!” Alyssa teased.

“Y-you…” Luna wanted to bury her face in her hands, but part of her was happy. Even though she was embarrassed, she was being teased by Alyssa. And on top of that, Alyssa had called her cute.

Come to think of it, that was the first bit of teasing Alyssa had engaged in since they left Luna’s house. Sure, Luna herself had been a bit preoccupied with her desperation, but Alyssa hadn’t. Perhaps she was being cautious. They had been friends for so long and were just now taking things a step further. If either of them messed it up here, a lot more was at stake than just their budding relationship.

Luna was at least relieved that Alyssa was teasing her. It showed genuine interest and made the night actually feel like a date, rather than just an outing. As Luna looked up across the table at Alyssa, who was smiling and eating her sushi happily, Luna took in a few deep breaths.

“H-here,” Luna spoke, a little more shakily than she would have preferred, “Try one of mine,”

Luna picked up one of the Nova Special rolls and held it up with her chopsticks. She extended her arms out across the table just like Alyssa had done for her.

“Aw, how sweet!” Alyssa grinned.

“S-shut up and just eat it already!” Luna replied, flustered.

With a laugh, Alyssa ate the sushi roll off of Luna’s chopsticks and beamed as she chewed it.

“Oh wow, it’s so yummy! I’m definitely ordering that next time we come here!”

Luna felt her biogel pulse with excitement and anticipation at the prospects of a next time. It wasn’t like Luna thought the date was going poorly, but hearing from her girlfriend that she wanted to go out more was reassuring. At the very least, Alyssa wasn’t just taking her out on a pity date because she felt she owed it to her.

The two ate the rest of their meal enthusiastically, chatting about a variety of topics ranging from the mundane things they had been up to updates on their hobbies, to discussion about the movie they were going to go see.

“So,” Alyssa replied, finishing off her last roll, “This movie, right? It’s basically a follow-up to that anime about the dragon knight and the princess we watched last year. The one where it ended really abruptly with no resolution. I remember you got really mad that they didn’t get together in the end.”

“Oh yeah,” Luna nodded, “I remember. I was upset because that was such a bad way to finish a story. I mean, they almost got together like, 3 times throughout the series, but then when the Ryuuji had the perfect chance to confess, Tomoko just up and disappears and we find out her father ordered her to return to the castle and that she had to be confined there with no explanation, and then the series ended. I mean, they could have at least set up for her father to be the antagonist by saying that he doesn’t want Tomoko and Ryuuji to be together anymore. I mean, it would’ve been cliche, but I thought that’s where they were going with it. But then they didn’t even show the king or make him out to be a jerk or anything, they just end the series with Ryuuji seemingly giving up.”

Luna looked across the table and noticed Alyssa smiling at her.

“You’re really cute when you get all passionate about stuff!” Alyssa teased.

“S-sorry, I went on a rant again,” Luna looked down, embarrassed.

“No, it’s fine, I love your rants. And you’re right! I was so mad at the anime too, but then they announced the movie so I was like, ‘okay, maybe they can give it a satisfying conclusion’.”

Luna was about to agree, but then the Dullahan waitress came by and stopped at their table.

“Are you two ready for your check?” she asked with a smile. Still, her face was bright red, and she was very obviously trying hard not to look Luna in the eyes. Luna also noticed that she was no longer wearing her leggings.

“Sure,” Alyssa nodded.

“Excellent, I’ll be right back!”

The Dullahan rushed off quickly, likely to avoid being in Luna’s presence for too long. Luna hoped that, when they came back here, the Dullahan wouldn’t act this awkward around her every time.

“Psst,” Alyssa grinned, glancing back to where the waitress rushed off to, “Do you think she took off her leggings because she wet them a little?”

Luna looked up at Alyssa in surprise, “W-what?”

“Oh come on, she was obviously desperate earlier, and she took off her leggings after coming back from the bathroom,” Alyssa grinned, “Personally, I don’t think she quite made it. She might not even be wearing panties anymore!”

Luna would’ve blushed if she could. She distinctly recalled the Dullahan letting some substantial leaks out onto the bathroom floor. There was no way her panties were dry after that, and if she removed her leggings because of the tear, then maybe Alyssa was onto something.

Recalling it made Luna shudder.

Actually, it was more than recalling the memory that made her shudder. She felt the telltale signs of having to relieve herself again. It wasn’t strong, but she definitely felt a bit of discomfort welling up inside her.

“N...no way! I have to pee again already? I guess I did test my limits before, and my body must be trying to get rid of the excess liquid faster because my body’s fluid balance has been off for a while now.”

It was a discouraging feeling, especially since Luna was sure she had at least an hour before she’d start feeling it again. Having to pee would definitely dampen, no pun intended, the rest of her evening with Alyssa. Maybe she should just come clean about the whole thing and go to the bathroom again before leaving? At the very least, then she’d be able to enjoy the rest of the date, and Alyssa wouldn’t judge her too harshly for it… right?

“Sorry,” Alyssa apologized, “I shouldn’t be thinking about those kinds of things, right? I mean, you’re my girlfriend now.”

“Oh, no, it’s fine! I won’t get jealous or anything. I trust you,” Luna replied.

“Hehehe, that’s good,” Alyssa grinned, “I wouldn’t ever cheat on you anyway. You’re so cute, and with your shape-shifting, you’ve got a nice rack to boot~”

Luna paused. There it was again. Alyssa was definitely a boob girl. Luna knew there was no way she was so shallow that she’d lose interest in Luna just because of her chest size. And deep down, Luna knew that if she wanted to she could end the farce right here. She could go to the bathroom and then explain everything to her friend afterwards. In fact, that would probably be the logical thing to do.

But Luna was not thinking logically at the moment. Alyssa had just pointed out the size of her chest. She was flirting with her about it, and Luna would be lying if she said she didn’t secretly enjoy that. After years of thinking that her friend had no romantic or sexual interest in girls whatsoever, let alone her, hearing Alyssa flirting with her over her body was encouraging. There was still a part of Luna that worried her friend was doing this out of some sense of obligation. Luna knew that Alyssa treasured their friendship and would go out of her way to do anything for her, potentially even trying to date her even when she didn’t really have romantic feelings for her. Yet having Alyssa openly flirting with her quelled some of her fears.

"No, I can do this. I don’t have to go that bad right now. I’m sure I can make it through the movie just fine. The worst thing I have to worry about is the car ride home."

The waitress came back with their check, still avoiding eye-contact with Luna, and Alyssa reached for her wallet. She handed the waitress her card and the waitress ran off again.

Alyssa pulled out her phone and checked the time.

“Good, we should have enough time to make it to the theater. It’s a few blocks from here, but it’s nice out tonight,” she grinned, “You don’t mind a stroll, do you?”

“No, walking’s fine!” Luna replied smiling. In truth, she wasn’t looking forward to having to walk, but luckily her urge wasn’t bad right now. She was somewhat uncomfortable and she did want to go to the bathroom again, but if she didn’t focus on it her discomfort would recede to the back of her mind.

The waitress was back with their check relatively quickly, and Alyssa signed the receipt and left some money on the table. Luna wasn’t entirely comfortable with Alyssa paying for their entire date, but they both knew that Alyssa got paid more than Luna and worked more hours, so Alyssa had reasoned it made sense for her to pay for everything, at least for tonight.

The two got up and thanked the vampire sushi chef as they left. The vampire looked up at the two of them and nodded politely, and the dullahan waitress waved at them too, even though she still blushed at Luna.

“I can’t believe they run the whole restaurant with just the two of them,” Luna replied as they walked out. The cool air outside licked at the parts of her body that were exposed, and she felt her biogel pulse harder.

Slime girls were not fully endothermic. For the most part, they usually didn’t produce their own body heat. This was fine most of the time, as the metabolic processes and enzymes needed for them operated at a lower temperature than the ones humans used. Room temperature or even a little cooler wouldn’t affect a Slime Girl, but on a cool night like tonight, she felt her body respond to the air and begin to heat itself up.

This would, of course, increase metabolism, and increase the rate at which her biogel filtered out wastes. Luna was slightly worried her accelerated bodily processes would mean she’d get desperate faster. For now though, even though she was cold and uncomfortable, her bladder situation was manageable.

“Oh man, aren’t the stars pretty tonight?” Alyssa asked, pointing up at the night sky, “Look!”

Luna looked up and, sure enough, the stars were shining brightly in the sky. In the past, light pollution in big cities would make a view like this impossible, but Nova City and others like it did all they could to reduce light pollution. Using less harsh hues of light, directing light were it was needed, using screens and other methods to prevent excess light from bleeding into the environment, and of course, certain magical devices that could light the surrounding area while keeping outside areas dark.

“One of these days, we need to go stargazing! By our town, near the bay, there’s this boardwalk. It’s far enough away from the highway and the town that there’s no light at all there. No one really fishes there anymore either. But you go there at night, and the whole sky is filled with stars!”

“That sounds amazing,” Luna smiled, “I’d love to go there!”

Alyssa looked up at the sky and let out a melancholy sigh, something that Luna was not expecting.

“Say, Luna,” Alyssa began, “Do you… do you really like me?”

“Huh?” Luna asked, bewildered why her blonde-haired girlfriend would be asking her this all of a sudden.

“Like, do you really… love me?”

“Of… of course I do, what’s with this all of a sudden?”

“I just…” Alyssa let out another sigh, “When you confessed to me the other night, I was so shocked I didn’t really know what to say. You’d done such a good job hiding your feelings for me that I had no idea you had them, and then you confessed them all of a sudden and I got really surprised.”

“S-sorry,” Luna frowned. She had kind of suddenly blurted it out when Alyssa was vulnerable. It was kind of a bad time, but she had so many emotions pent up and Alyssa was saying such awful things about herself that Luna would’ve frankly said anything to make Alyssa stop.

“N-no, it’s fine, I was being silly, and you wanted to cheer me up. I really appreciate it,” Alyssa grinned, “But I mean to say… after you confessed, that was really the first time I ever thought about it. About us, I mean. Like, we’d been friends, but I never even considered that we could be anything more than friends. But the more I thought about it, the more I realized I wanted to give it a try. I want to be more than friends with you, Luna.”

Luna looked away as she felt her biogel quiver as it pulsed faster than ever. Hearing Alyssa say that with such a genuine tone made her happy, yet Alyssa was saying all this for some reason, and Luna wasn’t sure it was a good reason.

“But tonight it’s been...” Alyssa let her voice trail off, as though she was still trying to gather her thoughts, “I mean, I guess what I’m trying to say is, tonight feels like we’re just hanging out, you know? Like, I’ve been trying to flirt with you and stuff, but we’ve just been doing what we always do. Talking about stuff we’ve always talked about. I don’t know. Is this how dating a friend just is? I’ve never dated someone I’ve known so well before. All my dating tactics are out the window.”

“I’m sorry,” Luna frowned.

“What? No, it’s not you’re fault, I’m just…”

“No, it is my fault,” Luna shook her head, “I’ve been so nervous and anxious about everything that I forgot that this is a date. It’s not just one-sided. You said it yourself earlier, you were trying to flirt with me. But I didn’t even tell you I thought your outfit was pretty. I think you look amazing.”

“Huh? Oh, no, that’s fine, I mean, I’m not used to-”

“I always look at you and think about how pretty you are and how confident you are and I always admire it, but I never say anything about it. I got so used to keeping my thoughts and feelings to myself that even now that you know I like you, I’m still just keeping things bottled up. I’m sorry. I won’t anymore.”

Luna was not normally the confident, assertive person. But she was so worried about Alyssa thinking that this was just another hangout that courage surged in her chest and she closed the gap between them. Alyssa barely had time to react in surprise when Luna’s soft, pink lips pressed themselves against her own.

Luna had her eyes squeezed shut. Her biogel was practically flowing around her body like a river. Even with the transient oxygen absorption her body carried out through her skin, Luna had to break the kiss away to catch her breath. She would’ve been as red as a rose if she had blood.

Alyssa stared at her, stunned. She subconsciously raised a finger to her lips as she blushed beet red.

“S-sorry,” Luna looked away, “I’ve wanted to do that for so long… I… I want to prove to you that I don’t see this as just another hangout. That I don’t want to just be friends either.”

Luna was so worried she messed something up due to Alyssa’s silence, but a moment later it was Alyssa making the move and pressing her lips against Luna’s. Luna felt a warmness travel through her whole body as the blonde-haired girl kissed her. Alyssa’s arms wrapped around Luna and pulled her in close, and as she ran her arms down Luna’s back, the slime girl let her body press into Alyssa’s.

Suddenly, however, a wave of discomfort hit Luna, and she remembered that she was still putting off a trip to the bathroom for the sake of her new girlfriend. She stiffened up slightly and hoped Alyssa wouldn’t notice. Luckily for her, however, not a moment later, an electronic beeping went off, and Alyssa looked down at her phone.

“Oh crap! The movie! Come on, we gotta hurry!”

Alyssa broke off into a sprint and Luna steeled herself. She hadn’t expected to run, and doing so inundated with liquid was certainly not going to be fun. Luckily for her, however, her body hadn’t forced the excess water within her to concentrate in her abdomen, so there wasn’t a fear of her leaking or losing it, even if running wouldn’t be comfortable.

The two made it to the theater just in time. Alyssa had purchased the tickets online, so all they had to do was swipe Alyssa’s phone at a kiosk and it printed out two tickets for them to take to the usher. She directed them to theater 4, where the movie was being shown. They had eaten already and didn’t need snacks, but Alyssa still insisted on buying a large drink for them to share.

By the time they sat down, the trailers had just ended and their movie was about to start. Alyssa looked up at the screen in nervous anticipation as she sipped at the large soda she had purchased. Luna, meanwhile, took the time to collect herself and gauge how she was feeling. The run itself had done a number on her, but now that she was sitting down, her urge to relieve herself had once again faded into a dull discomfort that she could easily ignore.

The movie began. It started off pretty much where the anime left off, with Ryuji the Dragon Knight fighting on his own. The opening scenes were mostly there to establish that he was on a special mission from the King, and that the antagonistic Kingdom to the south was causing them problems.

Ryuji ran into one of the previous characters from the anime, a plant druid named Rosa, and she told him that the army he was sent to destroy wasn’t at the south border. He arrived, and sure enough, it turned out to be an ambush planned by one of the enemy kingdom’s 4 Generals, who, as far as Luna could remember, were never mentioned in the anime. However, it also meant that the mission he was sent on was based off of false intelligence.

Alyssa leaned forwards, “Wait, do you think that intelligence came from Sakuya? She’s a ninja so she’s always going out on reconnaissance missions. I remember seeing a theory a while back that Sakuya was actually working with Chronolith’s army because she looked like she stopped when she was first introduced. Do you think she’s a spy?”

“Maybe,” Luna nodded, getting invested in the story.

The movie continued, with the King contacting Ryuji, having realized the whole diversion was so Chronolith could march his forces up the northern mountains and attack the castle directly. He called Ryuji back and said he’d be dispatching a teleportation mage to a nearby town.

When they got their, however, it turned out the teleportation mage had been the spy all along, rather than Sakuya, like Alyssa had theorized. She teleported Ryuji and Rosa to an underground cavern where she revealed she was one of Chronolith’s 4 Generals. She had been a character that appeared in the anime, and she was always sweet and a little clumsy, so Luna found the twist to be quite surprising. Ryuji and Rosa fought an uphill battle, but finally gained the Upper Hand, and in the end, Ryuji defeated her but spared her life. After a short speech, she relented and teleported them halfway to the castle with the remaining magic she had.

Luna had been thoroughly engrossed in the movie, until suddenly, a pang in her abdomen reminded her of her desperation. While she had been relaxed, her body decided to take the opportunity to remind her that she still needed to pee, a need that was growing steadily the longer she put it off.

Luna focused and the liquids that had concentrated in her abdomen dispersed once again, but she was now acutely aware of her desperation, and was getting nervous. This movie was definitely on the longer side, if the story they were setting up for was any indication, and as much as she was enjoying it, she was starting to worry her desperation would reach its peak even before they left the theater, let alone walking back and driving home.

Luna felt some psychological comfort in squirming around a little and pressing her thighs together. Alyssa seemed oblivious to Luna’s plight. She was focused solely on the screen and sipping away at the large soda she had gotten ostensibly for both of them. With how much she was drinking it seemed like it was going to wind up just being just hers, but Luna herself didn’t have much of a problem with that.

I don’t need any more liquid in me right now!

Luna squirmed around a bit more, then turned her attention back to the movie.

It slowed down significantly, having some scenes with the female lead from the anime, Tomoko, and Sakuya, who was serving as her servant and bodyguard. Most of it was Tomoko worrying about Ryuji and the fate of the kingdom. There was even a fanservice-laden bath scene with the two, the sounds of which did nothing to help Luna take her mind off of her need.

In an attempt to distract herself, she turned her attention to Alyssa. Her girlfriend’s attention was glued to the screen, probably enjoying the view of two bathing anime girls who were both rather well-endowed. The large soda she got was placed in the cupholder off to the other side of her. However, there was something familiar about Alyssa’s pose. She had a hand between her legs and they were pressed together, and she was somewhat restless in the chair. Luna wondered if she was really just leaning forwards out of excitement too.

Come to think of it, Alyssa never went to the bathroom at the restaurant, and we were in such a hurry to get in once we got here that she didn’t have time to go then either. She was also drinking that big soda, and she finished her drink at the restaurant too. Maybe she really does have to pee too.

Alyssa caught Luna looking over at her and smiled, “Like what you see? Oh, or did you want some soda? I don’t think I can drink any more, myself.”

Alyssa held the large soda cup out to her, and Luna swallowed nervously. Alyssa had gotten it for the both of them, and Luna hadn’t had a lot to drink in front of her. Not taking at least a few sips would look a little suspicious at this point.

“I’ll have a few sips,” Luna acquiesced, taking the large cup and drinking a few sips. Her biogel quivered at the thought of more liquid entering her, and her desperation flared up, but she put up with it and smiled before putting the soda down in her own cup holder.

Luna tried to turn her attention back to the movie, but she was finding it harder to stay invested in it. Not only were the slow scenes not doing enough to distract her from her predicament, but she kept noticing Alyssa’s movements too. It was becoming clear to her that Alyssa definitely had to use the bathroom, and was putting it off simply for the sake of not missing anything in the movie.

Luna felt herself wriggle around as she thought about her girlfriend in a similar position, holding in her pee as she tried to ignore it to stay invested in the movie. Luna herself had multiple reasons keeping her from dashing off to the bathroom, even if she wasn’t enjoying the movie, but Alyssa only had the plot to keep her glued to her seat. Luna found herself almost disappointed in the idea that Alyssa would dash off to relieve herself mid-movie. Not only might the blonde-haired girl miss an important scene, but if she went, Luna would be alone in her suffering. Not that Luna wanted Alyssa to be desperate, but she felt a sense of camaraderie knowing Alyssa was in a similar situation to her. It felt like she could hold on longer if she knew her girlfriend was going through the same thing.

Luna came up with an idea that would nearly guaranteed Alyssa would stay for the movie. She raised the armrest in between their two chairs subtly, and then snaked an arm around Alyssa’s shoulder. It was so cliche Luna would’ve been too embarrassed to even try it at any other point, but her ulterior motives won out. Alyssa looked over at her and flashed a cute smile, and Luna pulled Alyssa closer to her until they were resting, shoulder-to-shoulder, watching the movie.

Luna lost all concentration on the movie. Now all she could focus on was her girlfriend next to her and her own mounting desire to relieve herself. Alyssa was trying her hardest not to squirm in Luna’s arm-- and failing. She shifted slowly and bounced a leg up and down uncomfortably. Alyssa would occasionally let off short, hitched breaths, like she was fighting a wave of desperation.

The movie continued and soon Luna’s own desperation was reaching urgent levels. Wanting to be released, all the water she had absorbed to increase her chest size had once again concentrated and pooled in her abdomen, creating a balloon of liquid right where a bladder would be. Luna placed her other hand, the one not around Alyssa, over it and felt it. There wasn’t a bulge, since all the extra volume of the water was concentrated in her chest, but she felt distended and was acutely aware of all the excess fluid inside her.

She could reabsorb some of it, but the mass quantity of water would not yield. She would have to bear with it sitting in her abdomen until she could use the bathroom. At home. Which, even after the movie ended, was an hour’s drive away.

Even her feelings of camaraderie and mutual suffering with her girlfriend would be short-lived compared to that. Alyssa would go to the bathroom as soon as the movie ended, and Luna would have to desperately hold on for an hour as they both drive home together.

With how urgent her need for release was now, would Luna even make it? And worse still, if she wet herself in front of Alyssa, her girlfriend would definitely notice her smaller chest.

Not only that, but Luna couldn’t reuse her strategy of relieving herself, then filling up on water again. She had done so last time and would’ve likely passed out if it weren’t for the fact that they were eating. If she tried it again, without food, she might be in serious trouble. Besides, she was already pushing her limits. She could cause some serious medical problems if she pulled that stunt again.

Luna jammed a hand between her legs and shook her head. There was nothing to it. No matter how insurmountable, there was no way she could pee before she got home or wet herself in front of Alyssa. She’d have to hold it until she got back, no matter what. At least she wasn’t bursting yet. Her urge to pee was strong, but it had been much stronger at the restaurant. If Luna could just put off getting that full until the movie ended, she just might be able to make it home dry.

Alyssa, on the other hand, seemed like she was struggling just trying to make it to the end of the movie dry. She had both hands jammed between her legs and she had long since lost all pretense of trying to keep her desperation from Luna. Luna thought Alyssa was about ready to give up, and Alyssa seemed to turn to her, ready to say something.

“Luna, I’ve really gotta-”

Suddenly, the scene shifted. Apparently a lot had happened while Luna was distracted, and the King, Tomoko’s father, had come face to face with Chronolith, the king of the opposing nation, and were about ready to do battle. It definitely seemed like a last resort, as the King was wearing the armor of a Dragon Knight. In the anime, it had been revealed that he used to be a Dragon Knight, but he kept it a secret from his subjects and cast the armor aside as soon as he became King. For him to be wearing it openly meant he was serious about defeating Chronolith.

Luna tried to focus on the ensuing fight scene. What she did catch of it was spectacular. Golden flames from the King clashing with the dark magic of Chronolith. The corrupt king using his teleportation and space manipulation magic in ways that made Ryuji’s fight with the teleportation mage from earlier seem like child’s play in comparison. Luna really did want to focus on the fight scene, but her eyes were continuously drawn to Alyssa.

The blonde-haired girl had her legs crossed and was squirming in her seat. If anyone else had been seated near them, they probably would’ve gotten annoyed at the constant movement. She had both hands jammed between her legs and she was biting her lip, eyes still intently glued to the screen. She let out small whimpers here and there, and Luna could see beads of sweat from the effort of holding it in form on her girlfriend’s forehead.

Luna herself was having doubts about her own ability to hold it. She was definitely desperate by now, and even after the movie ended she still had an hour’s drive home before she would be able to pee.

Alyssa leaned forward and moaned, and Luna saw her eyes dart to the large soda cup on her side. Luna’s biogel pulsed strongly. There was only one reason a person as desperate as Alyssa would look to a container that was holding fluid.

"Is she seriously thinking about peeing in the cup?"

Luna shivered just thinking about it. With how bad she herself had to go, if Alyssa started peeing in the cup next to her, Luna might just lose it right there. But if Alyssa begged her for it, could she really say no? I mean, Luna could insist that it was a bad idea and they’d get caught, but Alyssa looked desperate enough to try anything at this point.

However, rather than reaching for the cup or even asking Luna for it, Alyssa merely turned her attention back to the movie. Luna looked up just in time to catch the finishing blow. The fight ended with the King suffering a fatal stab by one of Chronolith’s attacks. The fight music faded out to a somber piano tune and the King collapsed to the ground.

The scene was drawn out for drama, the King’s soldiers running to his aid, healing mages fruitlessly trying to revive him. A cut to where Ryuji and Rosa were on their journey, with Ryuji sensing something bad had happened. It cut back to the King’s lifeless body being hauled back into the castle, where Tomoko saw it and cried over her father.

One final scene where Chronolith, also seriously injured but still alive after his fight with the King, boasted about his victory and vowing to eliminate Ryuji as the last living Dragon Knight, and the movie faded out, with a To Be Continued… message in the bottom right.

The lights in the theater brightened and Alyssa lept to her feet.

“Thank God,” she turned to Luna, “I really enjoyed it, but I have to pee so bad right now! I’ve been holding it the whole movie!”

“Yeah, so have I!” Luna wanted to admit. But she was determined. Now that the movie was over, there was only an hour’s drive back to her place. Luna was desperate already her body whined in protest over the idea of holding it for another hour, but she had made it this far and the finish line was in sight. At least if she made it halfway through the drive she could admit she had to pee and openly hold herself. Once they got on the freeway, there’d be nowhere for Alyssa to pull off and stop until they got back to Newlake.

Alyssa tore off down the aisle and rushed to the theater’s exit. Luna followed after her slowly and carefully, and watched her dash into the lady’s room. Luna pressed her thighs together and scissored her legs back and forth subtly, wishing she could do the same.

Alyssa had taken longer in the bathroom than Luna expected, and when she finally emerged, she blushed and scratched the back of her head.

“Sorry about that! There was a line. A couple movies besides ours all got out at the same time, so there were people waiting. I was seriously close to wetting myself, but luckily the girl in front of me noticed how desperate I was and let me cut in front of her.”

“That’s okay, I’m glad you made it,” Luna smiled, trying not to look too envious at the relief still visible on her girlfriend’s face.

“Anyway, how’d you like the movie?” Alyssa asked as they stepped out of the movie theater and into the cool night air.

Luna took a moment to brace herself against the cold and nodded, “It was good! I really enjoyed it! I thought some things were a little cliche, but I think they did a good job using all the characters we met throughout the anime. It really feels like a proper ending arc.”

“I know, right!” Alyssa grinned, “And the King’s death!? I would’ve cried if I didn’t have to pee so bad watching it.”

The two kept talking about the movie as they made their way back to where Alyssa parked her car. Luna tried to keep up with the conversation as best she could, but there were parts of the movie she hadn’t quite caught, and on top of that, she was focusing on her uncomfortably full abdomen. Trying to hold it, walk, and talk at the same time was a little more than what she could manage, so she eventually settled for letting Alyssa gush about her favorite scenes.

By the time they reached the parking garage, Luna was just grateful to sit down. Alyssa unlocked the car and Luna carefully seated herself in the passenger’s seat. If she sat down more quickly, she was afraid of putting pressure on the bulge of fluid sitting in her abdomen right now.

Alyssa also climbed into the car and made a noise of discomfort.

“Agh, I feel a little wet spot on my panties. I knew I leaked a little but I didn’t realize it was that bad.”

Luna looked away, flustered. The last thing she wanted was to talk about how desperate Alyssa had been at the theater. Not only was it making her own desperation worse, but a part of Luna felt disappointed that her girlfriend didn’t have to pee anymore.

“This is super icky. I’m gonna take a page from our waitress’s book and strip a little. No peeking~!”

“W-what?”

Before Luna could fully register what was happening, Alyssa glanced around the dark parking lot and stood back up, lifting her skirt as she reached underneath it to grab her panties. Luna couldn’t help herself but watch as Alyssa slipped off a pair of lacy white panties with a very visible yellow wet patch on the crotch. She slipped them over her shoes and then sat back down, sighing in relief.

“That’s much better,” Alyssa smiled, “Did you enjoy the show?”

Luna looked away, her biogel pulsing fast around her body.

“I wasn’t, I didn’t mean to- I-” Luna sputtered uselessly.

“Relax, I’m teasing you~ Besides, I’m pretty sure we’ve seen each other naked before, right?”

“I think a few times as kids, but that’s different!” Luna finally managed, still incredibly flustered.

“Anyway, with that taken care of, let’s get going!” Alyssa smiled, visibly amused at her girlfriend’s embarrassment.

They got on the road and Luna’s attention was quickly drawn away from her embarrassment at watching her girlfriend strip off her panties and back to her growing need. She was becoming incredibly desperate, and it was all she could do to press her thighs together tightly to avoid reaching down and grabbing herself. She could feel the bulge in her abdomen sitting like a rock inside her, uncomfortably.

The vibrations of the road also didn’t help matters. She could feel every bump and every thud reverberate through her biogel and send shockwaves of desperation through her body. She nearly leaked once or twice, and it was nearly impossible for her to fully focus on her conversation with Alyssa.

By the time they hit the freeway, Luna’s desperation reached a peak, and she was forced to jam her hand between her legs. It offered some amount of relief, but she was also deathly afraid of Alyssa noticing at this point. Further into their journey, she could convince Alyssa to keep going until they got home, but they still had 45 minutes ahead of them on the road. Alyssa would stop somewhere to let Luna pee and then the gig would be up.

Still, Luna didn’t dare remove her hand from her crotch. If she so much as let up a little, she felt like she would start leaking at every bump in the road and soak the car seat before they made it halfway home.

Luna desperately tried to get her mind off her mounting desperation. She focused on Alyssa’s conversation, but Alyssa seemed tired and her comments were getting fewer and farther between. Eventually, Alyssa turned on some music and stopped talking altogether, leaving Luna in an uncomfortable silence.

Luna would’ve struck up a conversation herself, but all she could think about was how bad she had to pee. Her mind was filled with the scenes from tonight about pee. The waitress having to pee. Alyssa herself having to pee. The blissful relief Luna had felt when she had finally relieved herself at the restaurant. She couldn’t remember anything that happened in the movie. She barely recalled the taste of the sushi, amazing as though it had been. All she could think about was wanting to pee.

The car hit another bump and Luna was forced to jam another hand down between her legs. She let out a half-moan, half-whimper of desperation, and she felt her breath hitch in her throat as she looked over at Alyssa. There was no way her girlfriend hadn’t noticed that.

“Scared you, huh?” Alyssa asked, “Haha, you know we’re getting closer to Newlake as the road quality goes downhill.”

“Y-yeah,” Luna nodded, letting herself relax a little.

She looked down at the clock on the dashboard. They had been driving for about 30 minutes. They were halfway there.

“30 more minutes. Just 30 more minutes, and then I can finally pee!”

Luna crossed her lower legs, pressed her thighs together, and grabbed herself tightly. It would be a struggle, but she was sure she could make it.

10 agonizing minutes later, and Luna was sure she couldn’t make it.

Her breathing was ragged. Her abdomen was filled with liquid, she could barely sit still in the car seat as each moment she fought the strong urge to let the floodgates open. She was way more desperate than she had been at the restaurant, and she had gotten so full there she was sure she was going to wet herself. Her body was begging her to release all the pent up liquid, and Luna wasn’t sure how long she could deny that request.

They were still 20 minutes away from her house. Still 20 minutes away from relief. Luna felt like she was on the verge of wetting herself any minute now. She wasn’t sure how she could squeeze another 20 out of her tired, desperate body.

All she’d have to do is tell Alyssa she had to pee, and they could take an early exit and find a gas station. She could run in, pee, and all this would be over.

Yet she had made it this far. Part of her felt like giving up now wasn’t an option. She had suffered over half the car ride. Sure there was 20 minutes left, but then she could pee. She could finally have the relief and she wouldn’t have to worry about Alyssa finding out about her devious self-augmentation

Also, part of Luna, a small part of her in the back of her mind, was curious. She wanted to know if she could make it. She wanted to know how much more her body could take. It was similar to the part of her that wanted Alyssa to stay in the theater, and the part of her that was disappointed when Alyssa finally got relief.

Luna squeezed her eyes shut, chanting to herself, “I have to hold it. I have to hold it. I have to hold it…”

Another 10 minutes later, and Luna could no longer keep her composure.

She was sure she had never experienced desperation like this in her life. Her whole body was shaking and it took every ounce of her willpower not to soak Alyssa’s car seat like a pressure washer. She was breathing heavy, her body was refusing to store excess liquid inside of her. Instead it was seeping out in small amounts like sweat at the surface of her skin. Slime Girls usually weren’t “slimy” to the touch like most people would assume, but certain biological functions could cause that effect. In this case, it was caused by Luna having to pee so bad her body was refusing to hold onto any more liquid.

Luna knew it could happen. She distinctly remember a time her mother had been in a similar situation, taking care of herself and a little Alyssa, Luna’s mother had put off using the bathroom for nearly a full day and by the end she was “sweating” much like Luna was now.

However, Luna had never experienced it herself. Part of her was worried. She had never pushed her body this far, and she was worried she was doing something unhealthy. On the other hand, that part of her in the back of her mind was a little excited at the idea.

However, the gig was up. There was no way Alyssa hadn’t noticed all her squirming, let alone the “sweat”. She had to at least tell her girlfriend her plight.

“Hey, Alyssa, could you drive a bit faster?” Luna began, trying to play it coy in spite of her obvious desperation, “I gotta use the bathroom.”

“I could tell,” Alyssa grinned.

Luna didn’t have the energy or effort to spare a reaction, but she felt embarrassed nevertheless, “You knew?”

“Yeah, about ten minutes back, I saw you jam your hands between your legs and figured you had to pee,” Alyssa replied, “I didn’t want to ask or anything, in case I was wrong.”

“S-sorry, I didn’t want to have you pull over, so I didn’t want to say anything,” Luna replied, “I’m pretty sure I can make it home, it’s only 10 more minutes, right?”

“I can make it 5,” Alyssa grinned, flooring it. Luna nearly leaked when she felt the car’s acceleration push her to the back of her seat.

Now that Alyssa knew, Luna squirmed and grasped at herself more openly, giving herself some brief boosts of temporary relief. She was practically dancing in her seat by the time they got off the freeway, but luckily the ramp headed directly into the residential area where Luna’s apartments were. It wouldn’t make sense to stop at a gas station at this point.

After what felt like hours, they finally pulled into the parking lot just outside of Luna’s home. The poor slime girl braced herself and crawled out of Alyssa’s car, doubled over completely as she fought to keep all that liquid inside herself.

Luna took a few steps forward and she felt herself leak into her panties. She froze in her tracks and dropped in a squat, pressing the back of her heel hard into her crotch. Once again, it was mostly a psychological reaction, as her heel wasn’t “plugging anything up” so to speak.

Alyssa had, by this point, come around to Luna’s side of the car and looked down at Luna.

“You okay?”

“Y-yeah, just…” Luna tried, but another spurt leaked out and she shot up. Her body had reached its limit. There was no reason to take it easy or be slow about it. Luna was already on the verge of wetting herself. She wasn’t going to make it by fighting to keep it all in anymore. Her tired body was going to force her to let it out.

“I’m gonna pee myself!” Luna cried out, grabbing at her crotch in a mad dash for her apartment door. She reached into her bag with her other hand as she reached the door, pulling out her key card and pressing it against the magnetic read switch.

She busted into the apartment with no amount of finesse and bolted for the bathroom. Her leaks hadn’t stopped from earlier, and at this point she was sure she was leaving small droplets on the floor behind her. Still, she didn’t care. She was full of liquid and she needed it out now. She was just fighting to get most of it into the toilet at this point.

She reached her bathroom and busted through the door, not bothering to close it behind her. However, the sight of the toilet in front of her was the last straw. She let out a long spurt and she knew she was out of time. No amount of clawing at her crotch or crossing her legs was going to let her hold on for another second. She hiked up her dress, not bothering to remove her panties, and sat herself down onto the toilet.

She burst. All that liquid built up in her abdomen forced its way out with a powerful hiss. It soaked through her white panties and struck the front of the toilet bowl so hard it made a loud ringing. Luna let out an orgasmic moan as waves of relief mixed with the aching desperation she was still feeling. Her panties absorbed the fluid, turning green and leaving a large wet spot as her flow blasted through it as though it were unimpeded.

Despite how powerful her stream was, she peed solidly for a good two minutes before it showed any signs of slowing down. Eventually her stream turned from a torrent to a fountain to a trickle, and then drops as she finished up and her pee dripped from her damp panties.

Luna sat there in bliss as her intense desperation gave way to waves of pleasurable relief. Even back at the restaurant, she hadn’t experienced even half of this. Her body stopped sweating and absorbed the moisture on the surface of her skin back into herself. She could feel her dress hanging loosely off her chest where it had once been stretched by her augmented bosom. The blissful relief she had experienced lingered in her abdomen as feelings of relief and arousal made her whole body tingle.

“Ahem.”

Luna looked up with a start to see Alyssa in the doorway of the bathroom. Luna’s biogel pulsed in both embarrassment and dread as she looked up at her blonde-haired girlfriend. She pulled herself up, letting her dress fall over her wet panties, and looked down.

“S-sorry, I can explain-”

“There’s no need,” Alyssa replied, cutting her off, “Let me guess. You used excess fluids to make your chest bigger because you knew I liked big boobs, and you’ve pretty much been holding it this whole night.”

“Y-you… you knew?”

Alyssa sighed, smiling, “Luna, we’ve been friends for how long? I know how slime girl biology works by this point. You can change your body, but adding or subtracting mass takes time. You weren’t any shorter or skinnier, so I figured you added mass some other way.”

“I… I mean…” Luna sputtered, “If you knew, why didn’t you say anything earlier?”

“I thought you’d give up eventually and tell me yourself,” Alyssa admitted, “B-besides, I was kind of curious to see how long you could make it. The truth is, I kinda… sorta have a bit of a fetish for seeing cute girls needing to pee.”

“Y-you what?”

“I’m serious! I realized it recently. I mean, it’s kind of what made me realize I liked girls in the first place. One of my cute new coworkers, Caitlyn, I’ve told you about her before… she got really desperate at work one day and I found myself staring at her dancing around needing to pee. She even asked if I could watch her station while she relieved herself, but I made up some excuse that the boss told me to do something and watched her for the rest of her shift. It was the first time a girl had turned me on before. I tried watching guys doing it but it wasn’t as attractive to me.”

“That’s…” Luna was flustered. She had inadvertently stumbled across one of her new girlfriend’s fetishes by a stupid idea.

“Still, you should know I’m not that shallow,” Alyssa replied, “Big boobs or small, I like you, Luna.”

Luna nodded, “I know… I’m sorry I was so silly tonight.”

“It’s fine,” Alyssa smiled, “I enjoyed myself thoroughly, and I hope you did too, in spite of being desperate half the date.”

Luna recalled the blissful relief she experienced upon finally getting to relieve herself, as well as that strange sense of excitement she started feeling on the car ride home. For some reason, even though she had been desperate and uncomfortable the whole time, part of her wanted to do it all again.

“It’s fine, I think… I think I enjoyed myself, too. I might have given myself a bit of a pee-holding fetish myself.”

Alyssa grinned, “Oh really?”

The blonde-haired girl then let out a loud yawn, and Luna herself realized how tired she was after holding it all night.

“Well, I should get going, it’s pretty late,” Alyssa replied, “You should get some sleep too… after you clean up.”

Luna looked down at the puddles on the floor, including the one her still dripping panties were making between her feet. She looked away, flustered, and Alyssa smiled.

“Anyway, have a good night, girlfriend~ I can’t wait for our next date. Maybe we can even experiment with our collective fetish a little!”

Luna smiled. Besides the prospect of them potentially sharing a fetish, Alyssa had mentioned their next date, and that alone made the slime girl giddy with anticipation.

The End
