[Commission]: Mehek wants to hold it

By Rexone_312

*006*2025-02-11 15:16

Hi All. As promised - here's the second part of the Mehek story, which was a long pending backlog.

Story 2:

“Palak, guess what?!” Mehek practically exploded into their dorm room, radiating manic energy, bouncing on the balls of her feet like she’d just won the lottery… or, you know, found yet another way to torture her bladder. Palak looked up from her textbook, “Oh god. What now, Mehek?” she sighed.

“I’m starting a vlog!” Mehek announced, holding her phone up in the air, like the Olympic torch.

“And…?” Palak asked, narrowing her eyes.

Mehek grinned, “And! My debut episode is going to be epic! A 24-hour… car challenge!” She punctuated “car challenge” with jazz hands, because why not? Palak blinked, slowly, deliberately, like she was trying to decode a foreign language. “A… 24-hour car challenge? What in the actual hell does that even mean?”

“It means,” Mehek said, grin widening to borderline maniacal, “I’m spending a whole day in my car! Non-stop! No stepping out! Not even once! For anything! Food, drinks – a LOT of it and some spicy entertainment – all happening right here, in my trusty hatchback!” She gestured dramatically to… well, thin air, but you get the idea.

Palak’s face turned quizzical, “Anything? As in… oh god, please no… not even bathroom breaks?” she whispered.

“Bingo!” Mehek exclaimed triumphantly, snapping her fingers, practically vibrating with excitement. “You got it! My bladder will remain corked!”

“No.” Palak said, voice flat, firm, final. “No. Nope. Absolutely, unequivocally, one-thousand-percent no.” She vehemently opposed the idea, “You are not doing this. End of discussion.”

“Relax, Palak, lighten up!” Mehek waved a dismissive hand, completely ignoring Palak’s very valid objections. “I’ve totally got this. I am not going to die if I don’t pee for a day! Think of the views!”

Palak groaned burying her face in her hands, the sound muffled but clearly audible. “You’re insane. Utterly, completely, irrevocably insane. How do I always get dragged into your… your idiocy?”

“Because you love me,” Mehek said, winking, all flirty charm and blatant manipulation. “And because,” she added, batting her eyelashes, “I need you! To be my support crew! To bring me gourmet snacks and hydration… while I vlog my glamorous car-bound existence!”

The next morning Mehek took a morning pee – a rare occurrence. As soon as she entered the bathroom, Palak had ears glued to the bathroom door, gulping down as she heard Mehek started peeing. No, wait, it was more of a gushing. “DAMN! She is a camel!” Palak said to herself as she heard Mehek go on for nearly two minutes.

An hour and a heavy breakfast later, Mehek, parked her tiny hatchback in a secluded corner of the campus parking lot, and readied her phone on the dashboard. She was dressed for the views. High waisted denim shorts that clinched her waist and belly. Her leg opening was V-cut and those seams kept sliding between her butt cheeks which she absolutely loved. And to beat the heat she chose to wear a loose shirt – yes JUST a shirt.

“Mehek, please button it up!” Palak face palmed.

“WHY!? You jealous of my airbags” Mehek pouted and jiggled her massive boobs to tease Palak.

Palak could blow steam out of her ears. She let Mehek be and took the passenger seat not wanting to appear on the camera. “Heyyyyy vlog squad!” she chirped into the camera, giving the view of her ample cleavage to her viewers, “Welcome to the very first, very epic episode of my vlog! Today, we’re tackling the ultimate endurance test, the challenge to end all challenges: 24 hours in my car!” Dramatic zoom-in to her sweaty cleavage. She began blabbering about her plans as Palak found herself ogling at Mehek, “I am going to nail this thing! 24 hours? Piece of cake!” SAID Mehek into the camera and shook Palak out of her trance.

“Sure you are,” Palak muttered, rolling her eyes. She glared pointedly at the two-liter bottle of water Mehek was already wrestling open like it was a trophy. “And you’ll definitely regret that.”

“It’s boiling in here Palak! I NEED water!” Mehek declared to the camera, taking a long, theatrical swig, dramatically holding up the giant bottle like it was… well, like it was the source of her impending doom, “Gotta stay… you know… hydrated… for the vlog!”

The first four hours passed pretty smoothly, and Mehek filled the first few hours with pure entertainment car yoga, makeup haul, chatting with fans trivia and so on. What she didn’t let it show was the rapid pace at which her bladder was pumping pee into her bladder. The first signs were starting to show. Her legs were starting to bounce - just a little bounce, but Palak immediately noticed. “Three glasses of orange juice with breakfast and a litre of water”, Palak mentally tallied Mehek’s intake and was low key shocked at her pace.

“Still going strong, vlog fam!” Mehek declared to the camera as she tried to pull the waist band away from her belly, “I am having a great time so far…” Her sentence seemed forced.

“Uh-huh,” Palak continued to scroll through her phone, loving this a little too much. “How’s that ‘hydration is key’ thing working out for ya, superstar?”

“Fantastic!” Mehek insisted, flashing a strained smile that didn't quite reach her eyes, holding up her two-liter bottle – now suspiciously half-empty.

Palak raised a perfectly sculpted eyebrow. “And the… bathroom situation?” she asked, drawing out the last word with delicious, teasing emphasis. Mehek waved a dismissive hand, in all nonchalance, but Palak noticed the subtle tremor in her fingers. “Pfft. Bathroom? Please. Totally under control. I have an Iron-bladder!”

Palak smiled to herself noticing the way Mehek’s hand, when she thought no one was looking drifted down to her crotch, squeezing lightly. Just a little, almost casual press. But Palak knew better. That wasn’t a casual press. That was a… pressure check. The game was afoot, and her bladder was full.

Hour eight. Mehek’s confidence was officially starting to wilt. Her movements were definitely stiffer now. She had one leg tucked awkwardly under her butt to, you know, “adjust” things. “Still… killing it, vlog nation!” she announced to the camera, voice shaky. Palak, who was now outside, could practically hear the strain in her voice, the silent scream of her protesting bladder. As she continued to speak to the camera, her hands crushed the now-empty two litre water bottle. Her legs were crossed at the ankles, and she bit her lips as the pressure kept rising inside her bladder.

A while later, Palak decided to get her some food. She bought her a juicy-looking burger and a giant water bottle. “Figured you might be… hungry,” she said, handing it over with a mischievous glint in her eyes and, okay, maybe a tiny hint of actual concern.

“You’re such a darling!” Mehek said, taking the burger with slightly less enthusiasm than she probably should have. She also, predictably, took the new bottle of water Palak was also offering, and immediately tilted it back, taking a long, desperate-looking drink. Old habits die hard.

“You’re… really committed to this whole… no-bathroom-break thing huh?” Palak said, leaning against the car door, watching her friend with disbelief, and a growing sense of “oh god, this might actually end badly.”

“Obviously,” Mehek said, trying to inject some of her old bravado back into her voice, “You have no .. no clue how relaxing it is to gulp down cool water in this sweltering cabin.” but her words came out a little weak. She was now squirming noticeably in her seat and her back was slightly arched backward trying to make more room for her bladder. Those undersized shorts added to her desperation with every little wiggle.

The sun had long set, and Mehek was still glued in her cramped car seat. Twelve hours! “Halfway there! Halfway there, vlog crew!” Mehek announced to the camera, trying for celebratory, but her voice came out strained. Those legs were now crossed so tightly they looked like they’d been surgically fused together. She was gripping the steering wheel like it was a lifeline, knuckles white against the plastic. Sweat dripped from her forehead. Her shirt clung to her sweaty silicone globes making it translucent. Palak, lounging on a ridiculously comfortable folding chair outside the car couldn’t help it. She burst out laughing. “Oh my god, Mehek. You look utterly miserable.”

“I am FINE!” Mehek snapped, the words hissed through gritted teeth, though she winced visibly as she shifted in her seat, a sharp, involuntary intake of breath. “Totally… thriving… in my… mobile vlogging studio!”

“Uh-huh,” Palak said, smirking, enjoying this way too much. “You’re holding on by a thread, babe. A very, very thin thread.” Mehek glared at Palak as her words were clearly not helping her situation. “I said, I’m FINE!” she repeated, words coming out in strained whisper. Palak’s smirk widened as she glanced down at Mehek’s midsection. There was definitely a bulge, straining and begging for release against the unforgiving high-waisted short.

Eighteen hours. In the eerie hours of the morning, vlogging had taken a backseat, and Mehek was focuses on surviving the challenge. She was barely able to sit still for a single millisecond. Her bladder was nearing the limits and perhaps she had consumed too much. She squeezed her bladder to feel how full she really was. Rookie mistake - a sharp pang shot through her nether. She yelped in pain and leaned forward in the driver’s seat. She was practically horizontal, trying desperately to prevent an outburst.

“Just… you know… checking in!” Mehek gasped to the camera, shuddering and shaking. “Still… rocking… this… challenge!” She tightly grabbed her crotch. Palak, poked her head through the open car window, “Just… you know… checking in!” she mimicked Mehek’s breathless tone, “To remind you, darling, you still have six more hours to go…”

“Not… helping,” Mehek managed to choke out through gritted teeth, her face pale, damp with a sheen of sweat.

Palak just laughed, a full-throated, unrepentant laugh of pure, unadulterated schadenfreude. “Oh, honey, I know I’m not helping! That’s kinda the point!” She paused, “But… you are not helping your audience either... No one's going to watch you sit in the car doing nothing but panting. Either give up or do a challenge.” Smirk widened again.

“Never!” Mehek hissed, voice shaking with the sheer effort of holding back… well, everything. “Never gonna give up. I am up for the challenge!” She squeaked but it sounded like a strangled cry for help. Palak just shook her head, and quickly prepared some chits and wrote a few tasks for Mehek. She had to pick any one and do it.

The first few tasks that she picked were fairly simple. Sing a song, hold her breath for a minute, and so on. But then Palak tricked Mehek and got her to select the deadliest challenge – Drink one litre of water! The poor girl had already downed 3 litres of water over the day and an additional litre would literally explode her bladder!

“Having second thoughts?”, Palak taunted.

Mehek took a deep breath and cracked open a new bottle. With one swift motion she started chugging the water, non-stop. Every gulp landed like a bomb on her overworked bladder. The buttons on her shorts were fighting for their life. Despite the tightness, a significant bulge appeared under the waistband. Her body was violently shaking by the time she emptied the bottle. Her face was scrunched up, body drenched in sweat and writhing as the liquid pounded behind her pee hole. Nothing was helping her. Her bladder screamed for a relief but she was too adamant to admit defeat.

Palak thought that the end was near, but Mehek clenched harder somehow and kept her pent-up pee corked inside. Soon the sun was up and Palak was awoken to an unrecognizable Mehek. Her hair was a mess, and eyes bloodshot. She couldn’t sleep a wink, and her hands were still shoved in her crotch, and legs crossed into a pretzel. “I….” She attempted to speak, “I am al-almost there guys…” She spoke to the camera as the clock was just two minutes away from the golden twenty-four hours mark. The longest two minutes. She seemed possessed in those last two minutes. Palak glanced down and found that the buttons of her shorts and the zip were destroyed. Her bulge jutted out till her pierced navel and her skin was stretched thin.

Twenty-four hours. The clock finally, mercifully, struck the magical number. Mehek wanted to scream in joy but she knew it would lead to a disastser. She needed to pee – NOW! Every muscle in her body was clenched hard. The veins on her forehead could pop any second and her bladder felt like bee stings from inside. 

Her bladder ached and her pussy throbbed as the last shreds of her strength were slipping out of her control. She fumbled frantically with her phone, fingers trembling so badly she could barely adjust the angle to film the final clip. Her voice was barely audible and sweat dripped from all over her face but, somehow she uttered the words. “I… I… DID IT!” she croaked, punctuated by gasps for air. “Twenty-four… glorious… hours… in… my… car! No ba-bahtroom…. breaks …either”

Palak, finally taking pity yanked open the car door, “You’re free! Go! Run! Release the dam!”

But it was too late for Mehek. More than a gallon of pee was bursting like a boiler to erupt free. There was no strength left in her leg and all she could do was slid her butt out of the seat. It was practically hanging mid-air and before Palak could stop her, Mehek unleashed the flood. No, there was no trickle. It was a straight, forceful torrent erupting out of her denim clad crotch. Mehek’s eyes rolled upwards in pleasure as her bladder violently contracted to expel all the long-held pee. 

Her muscles were sore, and the gush made her vagina tingle. As the pee continued to go on, she started to moan louder and louder. Palak watched in awe and strangely felt aroused watching the puddle beneath the car door growing rapidly as she kept on going. Steam emanated from the puddle and the splash rose a few feet above from the ground. As two minutes turned into three, the stream abruptly ended. It was not a sudden clench by Mehek but a forceful emptying by her bladder, much like a flush. A literal hot flush….

- - - To be Continued - - -

*008*2025-02-16 11:09

Hi All! Here's the final part of the Mehek story! The one where Palak. Well, why don't you read it out 😉

It was a usual morning, and Mehek woke with up a jolt. Her hands flew down to her throbbing pussy oozing into her tiny thongs. She sighed in relief when she realized it was pre-cum and not pee. “Delicious!” She moaned to herself as she felt how sensitive she felt. She quickly checked her phone. Today she had to deliver an important presentation in the evening and needed to prepare for it with Palay. Which meant, she & Palak would be trapped in the library all day. She bit her lips, as her mind was torn between prioritizing her study session or her insatiable needs of arousal. 

Ever since she came to the college she restricted herself to pee twice-a-day and mind you, when she did go, her stream was no less than a fire hose let loose. As Palak shuffled in her bed, Mehek quickly snuck into the bathroom and got ready. She had a quick shower and edged herself for a solid twenty minutes and eventually came out of the shower without a drop of relief of any kind. 

As Palak ogled at her wet body, she squeezed into her uniform of choice: a crisp white button-up shirt stretched dangerously taut across her amazing chest. Those buttons? Let’s just say they were fighting for their life. And that denim skirt? Please. Barely whispered past her butt cheeks, showcasing miles of toned leg. But beneath that sexy ensemble lied a quivering bladder begging for some urgent relief. Palak, put on her shapeless hoodie and a jean and after a hearty juice filled breakfast they went to the library. The agenda was simple – research and prepare the presentation on some latest tech stuff.

“You ready for this?” Palak asked, eyes glued to her screen, probably trying to decipher some complicated code while Mehek was about to crack a different kind of code – the code to hold her pee again for 24 hours.

“Born ready, babe,” Mehek purred, voice dripping with that signature confidence. Even before Mehek’s laptop booted, she lifted her water bottle like it was a trophy. That little move made her shirt pull even tighter, those buttons practically begging for mercy. She took a long, deliberate swig till she emptied her first bottle and then flicking down the bottle to her lap. She smacked her lips as the cool water made its way down her chest and then into her swollen bladder - An 11-hour full bladder.

Palak finally looked up, with squinted eyes. “MEHEEKKKKK? Are you again up-to your holding games?”

Mehek just shrugged, “Didn’t really cross my mind.” She lied through her teeth even when her legs were already doing their secret little tango under the table.

“NO! JUST GO PEE!” Palak groaned, pushing her glasses up her nose, like that would help her understand Mehek's madness. “We’re going to be here all day, Mehek. This is presentation is important, and I need you to CONCENTRATE.”

“Relax, honey,” Mehek said, flashing that bright, a little-too-wide grin. “I’ve got it totally under control.” Yeah, control was definitely going to be the keyword here. Even as she said it, her thighs clenched just a tiny bit more, a preview of the show to come. Palak rolled her eyes so hard they almost disappeared. “Famous last words, coming from the girl who is going to flood the library.”

Two hours in, and Mehek was already a water bottle down and halfway through another. Her legs were now firmly and strategically crossed beneath the table, ankles twisted together like she was trying to tie herself to the chair. Every now and then, a subtle squirm, a tiny posture adjustment – each move sending that short skirt creeping a little higher up those gorgeous legs. To anyone not paying close attention, she was the picture of focused student. But Palak? Honey, she was watching Mehek like a hawk watches a… well, an about-to-burst water balloon. “Still drinking? Seriously??”

“Gotta stay hydrated, babe,” Mehek said, adding a wink that didn't quite reach her eyes – too much focus on… other things. Her lips twitched, just a little, betraying the effortlessness she was trying to project.

“Hydrated? Or about to burst into your undies?” Palak muttered, head shaking slowly. “You are going to be a disaster when we have to present, you know that, right?”

Mehek waved a dismissive hand, the movement giving a tantalizing peek of cleavage “I’ll be fine. You just worry about your precious slides.” But those legs? Still stubbornly, desperately crossed. And her heel? Had started a nervous little tap-tap-tap against the floor – the rhythm of building pressure.

Lunchtime rolled around, 15 hours since Mehek allowed herself a pee break. But despite her hydrated state Mehek somehow managed to get her share of work done. By this time even Palak was needing to pee really bad and was rocking back and forth. The poor girl too hadn’t peed since 5 in the morning, and it was noon. Mehek was secretly impressed. But as the duo tried to get up from their seat, the weight of their bladders made their presence known. “Oww!” Palak growled and plopped back into her seat, while Mehek stood up, awkwardly, trying not to jostle her bulging bladder too much.

Heading to the campus café was a herculean task. Once they stepped out of the library which was miles away from the nearest toilet, Palak started squirming openly. Her body was areched forward and she was damn restless. It certainly didn’t make things easy for Mehek. She didn’t however let it show and moved with controlled careful steps. No passerby could tell that she had to pee, well if they could actually take their eyes of her heaving cleavage, maybe there was a chance. The duo slowly reached the bathroom.

“Go ahead..” Mehek announced throwing her hands in the air like an angry, “empty yourself.” She started adjusting her lip gloss.

“W-Wait? You are not going to … go?”, Palak was losing her mind. Her legs were tightly crossed and her head hung low as she tried one last time to convince Mehek.

“Of course I have to but I prefer to wait it out” Mehek smirked. Though her legs were tightly crossed at her ankles and her heels erratically clicked on the bathroom floor.

“Fine!” Palak bolted into a cubicle and next came the noise of a gusher. Mehek pursed her lips as the torturous sound filled the bathroom. She felt pee rushing to her pee hole and for a brief moment she considered giving up. But then she tightly squeezed herself, shoving her hands in her crotch. Perks of wearing short skirts – easy access. As she kneaded her nether, shivers ran through her body. Her swollen sensitive labia reminded her why she was holding it and how rewarding it would be if she could hold it for 24 hours!

Later at the cafeteria, they settled in with sandwiches. Palak couldn't miss the subtle signs of Mehek’s restlessness. Her milky thighs bobbed frantically while her upper body remained absolutely calm or rather forced calm. The way she subtly angled her body in the chair and sat at the edge of her chair meant she was nearing dangerous territories.

“You okay?” Palak asked, arching a perfectly sculpted eyebrow.

“Totally,” Mehek said, maybe a beat too quickly, taking a bite of her sandwich with forced nonchalance, chewing a little too deliberately.

“Uh-huh,” Palak said sceptically, gaze drifting downwards for a long moment. She was salivating at the little peek of Mehek’s neon coloured thong “You know, you don’t have to keep doing this to yourself. There’s a perfectly good bathroom like, ten feet away.” She made another attempt to convince Mehek.

“I’m good,” Mehek said firmly, though her fingers tightened around her sandwich like it was the only thing keeping her dry. To prove her point, she cracked open another bottle of water and chugged it down, looking straight into Palak’s eyes. As she slammed the empty bottle on the table, she found the waistband of her skirt digging even tighter. But she didn’t let it show on her face.

Palak groaned, “You are unbelievable. You’re choosing to suffer. For what? Some kind of bizarre personal… endurance test?”

Mehek smirked, but her lips were pressed together just a little too tightly, the effort of holding back showing in the tense lines around her mouth. “It’s called self-control, Palak. Maybe you should try it sometime.” She paused, “Waiiiitttt a seccoondd! You are jealous, aren’t you? That you couldn’t control yourself, but I am still holding it…” Mehek attacked Palak.

Palak’s face turned red, “No…Why…I…” She hurriedly got up from her seat, “It’s called listening to your body’s basic, very loud, needs,” Palak muttered under her breath, but it was clear she wasn't going to win this one.

Back in the library, 17 hours separating Mehek from her last relief. Mehek’s face was shining with sweat. Her legs seemed to have a mind of their own. She kept switching position every few minutes and her breathing was definitely louder and more pronounced. And that short skirt? Each shift, each fidget, offered an increasingly suggestive view, a promise of what might… or might not… happen. Palak drooled as her eyes remained glued to Mehek.

“Mehek,” Palak said quietly, voice laced with real, actual concern. “It’s getting kind of… noticeable. You’re practically… vibrating with desperation here.”

“I’m fine,” Mehek snapped, but the pitch of her voice had gone up a notch, that forced nonchalance replaced by a raw, undeniable strain.

Palak leaned forward, lowering her voice, like she was sharing a secret “You’ve got a full-blown bladder bulge, Mehek. Seriously. Anyone even glancing this way can see it.” Her bulge was taut now and her skirt was strained hard across her lower abdomen. Mehek’s face turned red, heat steaming up from her neck and face. She practically threw her bag onto her lap, a pathetic, too-late attempt to conceal the… evidence. “Shut up, Palak!”

“We have to present in, like, twenty minutes. Are you seriously planning on waddling up there looking like… that?” A part of Mehek to say yes. Believe it or not Palak was slowly starting to enjoy this little adventure of Mehek’s.

“Yes,” Mehek said defiantly, trying to supress the panic. The idea of standing in front of the class, feeling this desperate, was clearly starting to freak her out.

“You are going to the bathroom – NOW.” She cunningly suggested as she stepped out of the library.

“If you want to go..GO Palak! I can control myself unlike you…” Mehek replied with a strained voice.

“Who says I can’t hold it!” Palak continued the act.

“THEN HOLD IT LIKE A GIRL Palak!” Mehek snapped, clearly frustrated.

When presentation time arrived, Mehek walked to the classroom dais with incredibly deliberate steps, like she was walking a tightrope. Posture tight and straight and hands tightly clutching the hem of her skirt. Palak could practically feel the tension radiating off her in waves, see the white-knuckle grip on her skirt and the almost imperceptible tremor in her legs. Standing at the front of the class, under the lights of the projector seemed to magnify Mehek’s discomfort. Her bladder? Screaming bloody murder for attention, a throbbing, insistent ache that was teetering on unbearable. She slowly inched towards the podium and gripped the edges like it was a goddamn lifeline, knuckles white against the wood.

Palak shot her a quick, worried glance, mouthed, “You good?” – like that was even a question at this point.

“Just… start,” Mehek whispered back through gritted teeth, jaw clenched tight.

Palak, took the lead, launching into the slides with practiced ease. When it was Mehek’s turn, she moved forward with stiff, measured steps, each movement a carefully controlled performance, hiding the inner turmoil. “Good afternoon, everyone,” Mehek began, her voice remarkably steady. She gestured to the screen, praying her hands wouldn’t start to visibly tremble. The short skirt felt like a torture device, impossibly constricting, fabric clinging to her butt like a second skin. It squeezed her rock-solid bladder. As she spoke, she subtly, frantically, shifted her weight, rocking from one foot to the other, thighs pressed so tightly they were practically fused. Palak, standing beside her, had to admit, there was something arousing about Mehek’s desperation.

Despite the escalating agony, Mehek somehow, miraculously, powered through her part of the presentation, that signature confidence flickering through even as her body screamed bloody murder in silent protest. By the time they reached the final slide, her face was pale, her body shaking visibly, but she somehow maintained her composure, voice only wavering a tiny bit as she wrapped things up. When they finished, the class erupted in applause, a wave of sound that startled Mehek. She hung by the podium with eyes tightly shut, praying for the ordeal to get over.

As soon as they were out of the classroom, before Palak could even breathe, Mehek finally, relented. “Okay,” she gasped, voice a shaky, breathless whisper. “Bathroom. Now.”

Palak grabbed her arm, tightly, “Oh poor Mehek needs to pee…But I am still holding it.”

Mehek just groaned, a low, pained sound, her legs wobbly.

“Palak…L-let me g-go!” Mehek was trembling. Her bladder was screaming and her body profusely sweating.

“Try holding it Mehek…” Palak said, and she pulled her towards their room. Mehek was helpless. Her desperation had reached critical fullness. Any sudden movement could lead to an eruption. As she saw the sign of the room, Mehek’s steps quickened but Palak pulled her back. Once inside the room, Mehek was in a frenzy. She hurriedly started to unbutton her skirt. The button dug ruthlessly and wouldn’t come out. Palak chuckled and made her sit.

“I thought you could AWLAYS hold it Mehek. Please hold it for a few more minutes, as I reeeaallly need to goooo!” Palak said tantalizingly and went inside, leaving Mehek struggling with her skirt. What came next was too much for Mehek. The sound of Palak’s stream was too much for Mehek to bear and finally her dam broke open. “Fuuccckkk!” She whisper-screamed as the first dropped leaked into her thong. She hurried shoved her fingers into her nether. But it was too late. The first drop broke through her iron control followed by a spurt. It was hot. She tightened her grip on her pussy, sending a shockwave of pleasure through her body.

And boom! Another warm jet hissed through her fingers. She doubled crossed her legs, bending forward. “H-Hurry up…Palak…I am dying to g-gooo!” She squeaked, but her bladder won’t have it. It violently spasmed and her floodgates finally opened. A thick white stream of pee gushed out of her nether like a faucet left open. It was loud and poured in a perfect straight line. Her eyes rolled up as pleasure took over all her senses and she finally gave into it. She collapsed into her own growing puddle and continued gushing. When Palak came out, she was pleasantly shocked as she watched Mehek lustfully going on and on and on….

What happened in the rest of the evening was …well…WET!

*010*2025-02-18 04:02

{{On 2/17/2025 at 12:54 AM, joshua030211 said:

Nice work! this was pretty hot.

It's a bit of a turn-off though, the whole losing control thing. not really my style, but it's fine just the same!

If you could gravitate towards more 'just made it' scenarios instead, that would be great.

KEEP WRITING STORIES!!! 👍

}}

You made my day buddy! Thank you so much for the appreciation.

I agree with the aspect of wetting but the patron had requested for it, hence 😁

