A French Tale

Author: Roger Ireland

*000*2020-07-27 22:37

This story is based on a true event of some years ago when I was driving a 38 tonne articulated truck (a semi for our American friends) as an owner operator and travelled over much of Europe. This particular stretch of road has places exactly as described here and on one occasion I enjoyed this very experience. Sadly however, there was no Helene, or Avril, or Marie to join me.

A French Tale

Part One

Afternoon by the River

Jacques and Helene had spent a long weekend in Milan and were travelling home to Grenoble on the Monday afternoon. It was a beautiful June day in Milan when they left their hotel that morning and as the weather promised a clear day they decided to take the old road over Mont Cenis pass instead of going via the Frejus tunnel. They were looking forward to a pleasant drive over the Col de Mont Cenis as they crossed back into France. James had the roof down on their Merc and the sky was cloudless as they made the long climb up from the Italian side. It seemed as if they were climbing for ever as the road continued to stretch before them or vanished around another hairpin bend on its way to the top.

They had planned to stop for lunch overlooking the lake on the top of the pass and they had a picnic basket with a few nice things including a bottle of Chianti to go with the cheese and pastries they had packed. Unfortunately, even though the sun was shining and the last of the snow on the mountain had finally gone, the air was still a little chilly on the top, only to be expected at an altitude of a little over 2,000 metres. So, having stopped to admire the view they decided to carry on down the French side until it got a little warmer and have lunch then.

After about an hour or so driving, the River Isere could be seen on their right and from time to time it came close to the road as it followed the valley down. Jacques suggested that they should stop where there was a place to pull over and take the picnic basket a few metres away to the river and enjoy their lunch by the riverside. At this point the river was running through a scattering of rounded rocks of all sizes from football size to the size of a small car. The river was not in flood today although it looked as if it would be dangerous when it was. Now though It clearly wasn’t a threat and looked to be a very inviting spot to spend lunchtime. They soon came to a parking place and stopped, the river wasn’t that far away at that point, less than twenty metres.

The temperature was much warmer at this lower altitude and Jacques said that he would like to have a dip in the river. Helene warned that even though the air was warmer the river would probably be icy cold coming from the top of the mountains but Jacques still said that it sounded good to him as he unloaded the picnic basket and a towel from the boot of the car. Helene said, ‘I need to pee, will you hurry up and I can go near the river’. Jacques looked at her for a few moment then said, ‘why don’t you do it in your pants here, there’s no one else parked and then you can wash your pants and knickers in the river, they will dry in no time in this sun’. ‘I can’t do that’, said Helene, ‘all the people in the passing cars will see me’. ‘I thought you liked to be daring’, said Jacques, ‘what’s more daring than wetting yourself on the side of the road where people can see you? They have no idea who we are and we will never see them again’.

Helene considered his logic for a moment and the idea did appeal to her she had to admit. The thought of just standing beside the car and wetting her knickers and pants was turning her on quite a bit. She was wearing a short, white cotton top with no bra, dusty pink full knickers and thin white cotton trousers and Jacques was right she thought, they would dry in a very short time in the sun.

‘OK!’ She said, ‘I’ll do it if you will’. Jacques looked down at his denim shorts which reached just below the knee and thought that they would take a while to dry but said, ‘alright, you’re on!’ With that he turned to face the passing traffic as if just watching the cars go by and started. Helene saw him dribbling into the crotch of his shorts at first then saw him completely flood them as he reached full flow. The pee ran down his legs to form a puddle on the floor and it was definitely obvious that he had just wet himself, the front of his shorts were very much darker than the rest of them and the wet area was clearly showing. He turned to Helene and said, ‘Your turn, I’ll take a video for our collection’. He reached for his phone and said, ‘When you are ready’.

Helene was getting quite desperate by this time but it still took her a few moments to start because she knew that the passers by would be able to see and although the daring of that excited her she was a little embarrassed by it as well. She started to pee and immediately felt it start to wet the crotch of her panties then trickle hotly down the inside of her thighs. She could see Jacques taking the video with his phone and completely relaxed feeling her legs get wetter by the second as she let go. Her cotton trousers were soaked in a moment and being as thin as they were they held nothing so her sandals were soaked as well and a puddle began to take shape at her feet until it started to run away down the parking place.

She could feel that her bottom was wet quite a way up towards the waistband as the thin cotton had spread the wetness faster than it could be soaked up. Jacques moved a little closer to her and said, ‘face me full on’. She made sure she was directly facing him then realised that he had manipulated the positioning so that her bum was now fully facing the passing cars and that they would be able to see her wet bottom. Helene smiled to herself but said nothing and started to form a plan in her mind to get him back. ‘Turn around’, he said ‘let me get the back view’. Helene turned her back to him and as she did so one of the passing cars tooted the horn and a couple of girls waved from the car. She felt herself go beetroot red but thought, ‘what the hell!’ and waved back.

Jacques stopped the video and said, ‘you want to see?’ Together they watched the clip on his phone and when Helene saw the part that showed the back view she gasped and said, ‘My God! My pants are almost transparent, you can see my pink knickers as clear as day! No wonder those girls tooted and waved.’ She was even more determined then to get her own back. They stood with the car between them and the road and Jacques took her in his arms and kissed her and as he did so he held her wet bum with both hands and said, ‘let’s go have lunch’.

Together they made their way to the river’s edge and found that it was everything they had expected. The water was clear (and cold as Helene had suspected) but there were lots of places where they could get among the large rounded rocks and enjoy their lunch with the river rushing by a couple of metres away. Jacques wedged the bottle of Chianti securely in the water between a couple of rocks, turned to Helene and said,’ Shall we get those wet knickers off’. They both got into the water with their clothes on and as Helene had predicted it was like liquid ice but pleasant enough considering how hot the day was.

They didn’t spend much time in the water though and they were glad to get back onto the rocks which were warm from the sun. They stripped off their wet clothes and Helene placed them on the rocks in the full heat of the sun and they sat completely naked, soaking up the sunshine, and ate their lunch. By the time they had finished lunch, and most of the wine, their clothes were dry and Helene picked up her white cotton pants and started to put them on saying, ‘I’ll travel home commando. Would you like that?’ She stuffed her pink knickers into the picnic basket as Jacques said, ‘I love you wearing no knickers, pass me my shorts would you please.’

As Helene passed the shorts over she dropped them and they landed straight into the river again and were soaked in an instant. ‘I’m sorry love,’ she said. As she retrieved them, thinking that the first part of her plan had gone like clockwork. Jacques, on the other hand suspected nothing and just said, ‘what am I going to do now?’ Helene, although she knew that he had a spare pair of shorts I the car said, ‘consider it an omen, I’m going commando and you did make me show my wet bum to the passing cars, I think you should drive home without them!’ He said, ‘what about when we pass a truck or worse, a bus, they will be able to see me driving naked!’ Helene laughed and said, ‘Don’t worry, I’ll keep the towel on my lap and pass it to you when you really need it.’

Jacques agreed to that and they were soon in the car and heading down the valley again. Helene, as good as her word, kept their towel on her lap in readiness. The passed a few trucks and Helene passed the towel to Jacques who draped it across his lap so that the drivers couldn’t see his naked prick. He seemed to get into the swing of it after a while and even admitted to Helene that he found it exciting knowing that he was driving completely naked. At one point they came up behind a tour bus and Jacques was looking for a chance to pass it. There were a couple of opportunities but Jacques was a careful driver and waited for a safer place. He signalled, pulled out and started to accelerate just as Helene’s mobile began to ring. In her haste to answer the phone and pass Jacques the towel she dropped the towel on the floor by her feet.

‘Helene !’ Shouted Jacques, ‘quick, the towel’, as he tried to concentrate on his driving as well as get covered up. By the time Helene had managed to pass him the towel they had almost passed the bus and a lot of the passengers on the bus had seen him. Jacques was not happy and accused her of delaying on purpose, Helene on the other hand felt she had played her part brilliantly and denied all intention as she apologised profusely but the passengers had still seen him! Jacques soon softened and let it go laughing it off and saying, ‘I don’t suppose that’s the first naked guy they have seen’.

A few kilometres further on they saw a car with hazard lights flashing. It was a sporty looking car with two girls standing beside it on the safe side. As they passed, Helene said, ‘Jacques, That’s the two girls who tooted me at lunchtime I wonder if they are ok?’ Jacques said, ‘You want to go back?’

‘Shall we’, said Helene, ‘it’s getting late and everything will be closed now so maybe we should’. Jacques turned the car around and they went back but as they drove the short distance back to the girls’ car Jacques said, ‘I’ve no shorts on still’. Thinking quickly, Helene replied, ‘don’t worry, you stay in the car, I’ll get out and throw you a spare pair of shorts from the case and you can slip them on and then join me’.

It turned out that the two girls had broken down and were waiting for the breakdown truck to arrive which was going to tow them to a local garage. One of the girls (Avril they later discovered) asked, ‘didn’t we see you a while back along the road near the river?’ Helene blushed deep red again and said, ‘yes, we were stopping for lunch’. ‘And showing a pair of wet pants at the same time,’ said Avril and smiled looking down at the front of Helene’s trousers. ‘Don’t be embarrassed about it’, said the other girl (Marie), ‘we have been there a couple of times too’. Helene took a moment to look down at her trousers and noticed that the material was so thin you could actually see the outline of her dark bush, something Avril had clearly noticed as well.

It turned out that Avril and Marie lived just outside Grenoble only a few kilometres from Helene and Jacques so they offered them a lift home. ‘Thank you so much’, said Avril, ‘I could do with getting home soon I’m desperate to pee now and there’s nowhere here on the side of the road in view of all the passing cars.’ Helene laughed and said, ‘It didn’t stop me earlier as you saw!’ A naughty glint appeared in Avril’s eye as she said, ‘Very true, I might not be able to wait anyway’. The unmistakable smell of hot pee arose from Avril’s jeans as she just let go standing there, creating a puddle on the floor. On the way home all four of them opened up a little more about their wetting experiences and agreed to meet up in the near future for a proper evening out together. But that, as they say, is another story.

© Roger Ireland July 2020

