Life is Strange: Firewalk

Author: Red Simpson

*000*2019-04-02 12:34

(Hi this is my second attempt on making a Fan Fic, this time it's based on Episode 1 at the old mill. it'll be from Chloe's prospective and any issues that were in the last story I'll try to deal with here, that being said feel free to tell me what you thought of this and if anything could be improved, I hope you enjoy. for those interested Chloe is wearing a white logoed tank top with a black studded hoodie with ripped jeans and convers shoes.)

I emerge from the trees and stand on a rail track grabbing my lighter and a cigarette before lighting the cigarette and taking a puff, I hear a train approaching but I stand my ground taking the cigarette from my mouth and exhaling the smoke before taking a couple more hits. I drop the cigarette and it lands between the tracks, the train honks at me and I hear the breaks being engaged I then jump out of the way before removing the hood from my head and letting it rest on my back, I look over towards the old mill.

Me: *I can't believe Firewalk is playing a show at the Old Mill....Fuck yes, Mum would kill me if she knew I was out here.*

After walking down the hill I come across a barb wired fence with a sign that says No Entry, I take a running start then vault the fence and as I land I look back and flip off the sign before continuing towards the Mill. I can just about hear the music playing inside, Looking around I see Frank's RV, some men having a hell of a time, some bikes and a bouncer.

Me: *If I'm ganna get inside, I have to get through the door.*

Ignoring the married couple I approach the bouncer prepared to show him my 100% legit ID.

Bouncer: "Can I help you, Miss?"

I hand him my ID.

Me: "You gotta let me in, check it I'm totally legit."

He looks at my ID before laughing.

Bouncer: "It's not a bad fake, kid but you're way over your head here." he throws the ID to my feet.

Bouncer: "Do yourself a favour and scram!"

I pick up my ID and scoff at him.

Me: *I can't let him push me around, I'm going to have to stand up to him.* I look towards him with a look of determination.

Me: "Don't you remember what it's like to be a teenager?? I just want to see the band." He sighs at me.

Bouncer: "I thought we went over this, isn't it past your bed time?"

Me: "Isn't it past yours?" I laugh.

Bouncer: "Real cute. But I still don't know you." I lean in and point at myself.

Me: "Look at my face!! I don't do 'cute'. Or do I look like I'm going to kick your ass?" He chuckles.

Bouncer: "Ok kid I get it, you're tough." I then look around the area.

Me: "Maybe I am a kid, because this place looks like a playground to me." The bouncer looks to the door then back to me.

Bouncer: A girl like you.....I can't protect you in there." I look over towards the bikes specifically the one with the floral art on it.

Me: "Is that your bike over there?" He looks over to the bike.

Bouncer: "Yup, what's your point?"

Me: "Well a girl like you with pretty, pretty flowers on her bike, shouldn't lecture me on what I can do."

The bouncer clenches his fists and leans towards me.

Bouncer: "That's a traditional Samoan!!!......" He then realises I'm only winding him up and laughs.

Bouncer: " Look, my boss decides who gets to go in alright?"

Me: "Bosses suck, screw the man and fuck the rules dude!"

The bouncer laughs leaning forward and resting his hands on his knees.

Bouncer: "Haha, okay you're funny, you know I think Damon would get a kick out of you."

Me: "Who's Damon? the guy who made you his bitch in prison?" the bouncer chuckles then sighs.

Bouncer: "You....you're not taking no for an answer are you?

I fold my arms.

Me: "Nope and it wouldn't matter if you had a knife, a gun or even a flamethrower backup up by robot ninjas and a motherfucking dragon!! I'd still kick your ass."

He laughs and steps to one side.

Bouncer: "I give up kid, you're alright go on in."

I walk pass the bouncer smiling to myself as I open the door and walk inside.

(I'm going to take a break and continue this later.)

*001*2019-04-02 14:38

(Here's part 2.)

I'm greeted by the sounds of Firewalk blaring in my ears and I refrain from dancing on the spot to my left near the crowd I find a case of beers, taking one I down it in one go then head for the crowd but as I'm trying to get in I'm elbowed in the face and get knocked into a couple of guys one of whom spills his beer.

Me: *Oh fuck!*

The guy turns around wiping the beer stain from his top.

Guy1: "Hey! you ok?" I don't know if he was being kind or quietly threatening but I brush over it.

Me: I'm fine!" I try to walk passed but the guy stops me in my tracks.

Guy1: "Relax, you bumped into me remember?"

Me: "Yep, my bad dude!" the guy looks at me with a puzzled look.

Guy1: "You don't know who I am do you?" I shake my head.

Me: "Nope, don't care either." I flip the guys off and walk away all of a sudden I feel my bladder pang.

Me: *Guess that beer I had went through me quick. plus the water and coffee I had before I came here.*

I then notice some rotten stairs.

Me: *I wonder if those stairs lead to the bathroom?*

I then notice Frank sitting next to the stairs and approach him.

Me: "Yo Frank!" He looks stoned, then again he could be sober.

Frank: "Hey...."

I look at him with a confused look.

Me: "Chloe."

Frank: "I know who you are, you idiot!"

He seems to not care about how I came to know about this concert.

Me: "Do you know where these stairs go?"

I feel my bladder pang again but refrain from grabbing my crotch.

Frank: "Uh..up?"

Me: "Real helpful Frank, I mean will I get a better view of the band from up there?" *Or a bathroom fuck I have to go!*

Frank: "How the fuck should I know!" Well I guess there's only one way to find out.

Me: "Later, Frank." he ignores me and I cautiously walk upstairs hoping to find a bathroom, what I do find is an perfect view of Firewalk jamming away.

Me: *Fuck yes!* I forget about my bladder and dance fully immersing myself in the music, after a while I lay on the edge listening away, that's when the dickheads from earlier show up and points in my direction.

Guy1: "You spilled my beer bitch!"

I stand up and look at them men.

Me: "You should be more careful, this is a rough place!"

The expression on the guy's face is priceless.

Guy1: "I don't like your attitude!"

Me: "Then how about I show you how unimpressed I am with limp dick assholes who get butthurt over a spilled beer!!"

The two men look at each other.

Guy2: "I think she's calling us dude."

The first points at me.

Guy1: "she's going to regret every word......EVERY....WORD!!!"

The guy then smashes the bottom of the bottle turning it into a make shift knife.

Guy2: "Oh this is ganna be good."

I back up scared out of my life, as the guy approaches me stabbing the air my bladder out of the blue decides this is a good time to empty itself, the front of my jeans started to go dark as my pee forced itself out of me running down my upper thigh and continuing down my knees and lower legs to make a puddle on the rotten floor boards, I'm too scared to notice. The guy grabs my arm ready to stab me.

Rachel: Hey Dickhead!"

The first guy turns around and I stamp on his foot before running towards.....

Me: "Rachel!?"

I couldn't believe it, Rachel Amber was here....why? she throws a bottle at the guy's head and he falls to his knees.

Rachel: "Come on!!"

Without a moment to lose she takes my arm and we book it down the stairs and as we disappear into the crowd I look back to see Frank holding the guys back, with my free hand I blow a kiss at them then flip them off.

*004*2019-04-02 15:08

@Melificentfan and @Robbiebvb

I'm glad you two enjoyed it, was it an improvement over the last one?

*006*2019-04-02 15:12

I'm glad you liked it.

*008*2019-04-24 16:22

I'll think on it @Robbiebvb

