A Day at the Mall - A Katawa Shoujo story staring Lilly

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2020-10-30 05:05

Another commission story, and a big one too! This was one of the most interesting, challenging, and entertaining stories I've ever written. Writing for a blind character like Lilly was one hell of a ride, especially considering a lot of my writing style revolves around visual cues and information, even with dialogue. (I might or might not have walked around my house blindfolded for half a day to get into the right mindset. A few lamps might have fallen over. May their sacrifice not be in vain.)

In the end, though, I had a lot of fun writing this one, and I hope I did a good job of conveying both Lilly's character and disability. I would love to take on interesting challenges like this in the future. So without further ado, here's the story!

A Day at the Mall

The busy bustle of the city buzzed like background noise as Lilly listened to the steady footsteps of both herself and Hisao, as well as the rhythmic taps of her cane. The two were walking, arms linked, down the busy streets near their apartment. The sound of construction keeping her awake at night and the stench of asphalt, gasoline, and diesel from the construction equipment was finally gone, and Lilly hoped the new mall that had sprung up in that time was worth it. Given that this city was a quick jaunt away from the small town that housed Yamaku Academy, and that a lot of the recent graduates were more comfortable moving close by, it had touted itself as being very friendly for the disabled, which was one of the driving points that helped get construction off the ground

In the end, though, Lilly was just excited to spend the day experiencing the new mall with Hisao.

With a silent tug from Hisao, she turned to the right, and felt the ground shift into a slight incline. She could also hear the electronic whir of automatic doors opening and closing, and while she imagined they weren’t that close, she could feel the cool breeze of the inside air conditioning from where they stood.

“I imagine from the sound of things that we’ve arrived. How’s it look?”

“It’s incredible,” Hisao replied, and Lilly smiled at the cheerfulness of his voice, “When I heard it was going to be a mall focusing on accessibility, I kind of figured it would be a lot like Yamaku, where it’s kind of obvious that everything was designed to be accommodating. But this is really something else.”

Lilly understood the meaning behind Hisao’s words. The mall’s appearance must’ve been impressive. Oftentimes, Hisao pointed out how various things at Yamaku were very clearly designed around the school’s purpose. Here, it must’ve been the opposite, the design of the mall must’ve disguised its focus on accessibility.

The two continued up the ramp and soon Lilly heard the sound of an automatic door opening as the ground beneath her leveled out. A cold rush of air from inside rushed out and Lilly deduced they had reached the entrance. The feel of concrete below shifted to tile and the sound of her cane taps and footsteps changed with the new surface as they entered. The air conditioning was a welcome change from the heat outside.

The bustle of the city outside was replaced with the chatter of mall patrons and the sounds of rustling and crinkling shopping bags. The fresh summer air was replaced with the smell of various foods, likely from different shops scattered around the mall. She could hear the ding of an elevator off to the right, as well as the quiet hum of multiple escalator motors in front of her. She imagined this was the central hub of the mall, at least the first floor, where everything else in the building branched off from.

“There’s a map in the center of the main hall. I’m going to go check it out,” Hisao mentioned.

“I’ll accompany you, then,” Lilly nodded, clinging tighter to Hisao’s arm. She could hear his head rustle beside her. He had likely nodded back. She allowed herself a wordless, teasing smile, and he seemed to notice.

“Sorry, yes, let’s.”

He ushered her forwards and her cane hit what she imagined was the map kiosk, and waited patiently for him to look over the map. Having taken in the sounds of the mall thoroughly enough for her liking, Lilly instead focused her attention on Hisao. She could feel his warmth in stark contrast to the cool air of the mall as he stood next to her. With their closeness, she could both feel and hear his heartbeat. Strong and steady, as if each beat was spitting defiantly at the condition that had landed him at Yamaku.

“Where to first?” He asked after quite some time, “there’s a lot here, so pretty much anything’s on the table.”

“Hmm,” Lilly thought for a moment, “Perhaps a clothing store. It’s been quite a while since I’ve been able to go clothes shopping, and autumn’s just around the corner. I’ll be needing some outfits for the colder weather. You could use some new stuff as well. You might not have noticed, but some of your shirts are starting to fray at the cuffs.”

“Sure thing. Hmm, it looks like they have all the clothing stores in one place. There are even a few brands I know you buy, so we can check those stores out first.”

“Thank you,” Lilly nodded, “Lead the way.”

The clothing stores seemed to be to the left, as Hisao ushered Lilly that way as the two walked. The reverb of the space changed significantly, and Lilly could tell the walls had narrowed. Hisao guided her, giving her subtle tugs as he guided her through the boisterous crowd.

“Excuse me, Sir. Madam,” A masculine voice approached them from the side and Hisao slowed down. Lilly could tell from the clack of their footsteps that he was carrying himself with elegance and precision. Also judging from the slight squeak of their shoes, he must’ve been well-dressed, matching the formality of his voice, “It’s our store’s grand opening! Could I interest you two in some samples of our wines?”

“Certainly,” Lilly smiled without hesitation, but she felt Hisao tense up next to her. Undeterred, she nodded in the general direction of where the salesman’s voice had come from.

“Excellent, right this way.”

She rather forcefully tugged Hisao along and he acquiesced, though he still felt terse and hesitant.

“Lilly, are you sure-”

“Come now, this is the first day off you’ve had in a while between work and both of our university courses. Let’s relax and have a little fun!”

“That’s what you said last time,” Hisao reminded her, “Your 20th? I distinctly recall you saying you were going to swear off alcohol.”

“I just went overboard, is all,” Lilly smiled, “The scotch Akira sent us was quite a bit more potent than wine. And besides, they’re free samples. It’s not like we’re going to be drinking a whole bottle between the two of us.”

The two were ushered into the store and the smell of alcohol immediately struck Lilly’s nose, wine predominantly so. She let Hisao take the lead again and he led her into the store further and stopped.

“Welcome!” a more feminine voice beamed this time, followed by the sound of someone pouring wine into a plastic sample cup, “See anything you-”

She trailed off awkwardly, presumably noticing Lilly’s blindness, “I-I mean, is there anything you would like? What do you typically prefer to drink?”

“Do you have any Chardonnay?” Lilly asked.

“Ah yes, we have this wonderful import from the US. It’s from a vineyard in California that won three wine tasting competitions last year! It’s rich and buttery flavor is balanced by oak notes that really brings the flavor together!”

“Excellent, I’ll try some, thank you!” Lilly beamed.

She heard the sound of the attendant pouring the wine and waited until the sound stopped and the attendant placed the bottle back down before holding her hand out in front of her. The attendant placed the sample gingerly in her hand and didn’t let go until Lilly had a firm grasp on it.

“Thank you very much!” Lilly bowed her head gratefully.

“And you, sir?” the woman’s voice shifted slightly as she talked, likely turning her head to face Hisao next to her.

“Uh, do you have anything sweet?” he asked, sounding out of place. Lilly wondered if the store was rather high-class in decorum, or otherwise whether Hisao’s total lack of knowledge about wine made him feel out of his element.

“Well, if you’re looking for something sweet, I must recommend this wonderful pink moscato. It’s got lovely light fruit notes and a honey sweetness that pairs perfectly with rich, heavy foods! I think this will be right up your alley!”

Pouring, and the sound of another bottle being set down, preceded Hisao nodding and bowing slightly as Lilly felt his body shift to accept the cup, “Thank you.”

She heard him lift the cup to his lips and she did the same. She swirled the sip around in her mouth briefly, savoring the complex flavors of the wine, before swallowing. Beside her, she felt Hisao brace for the taste of the wine, but he immediately seemed to relax.

“Do you like it?” Lilly turned to Hisao expectantly.

“Wow, this is really good!” he exclaimed, and Lilly could hear the smile on his face.

Mine’s also quite lovely! Thank you very much!” Lilly turned her head in what she hoped was the general direction and bowed politely. The two finished their wine samples rather quickly and set off back towards their original destination. As they did so, however, Lilly instantly felt a tingling sensation in her abdomen. A tingling sensation, just the faintest urges of needing to pee, brewed in her bladder. Alcohol always hit her pretty hard in that regard, though she was sure some of it must have been psychosomatic. She hadn’t had that much to drink and there was no way the small amount she did have would take such an immediate effect.

Still, it was only a small urge, easy enough to push to the back of her mind. Especially now that she had a bit of wine in her, she was thoroughly looking forward to a nice day of shopping with her boyfriend.

Speaking of, Hisao continued to guide Lilly along, and soon she felt him slow and a slight tug told her to turn left. The floor beneath Lilly changed, with the clacking tiles giving way to soft, quiet carpet. The sound profile of the room also changed, the bustle of the mall distant but still distinctly present. Her nostrils were also flooded with the unique smell of new clothes.Lilly often found new clothes in a store like this and had a strange mustiness that was distinctly different from regular clean clothes. Not at all unpleasant, but not one of Lilly’s favorite smells. Still, it was a pleasant reminder that she was about to expand her wardrobe.

“Hm,” She gave a soft, quiet hum of pleasure, “Do you think you can help me pick out an outfit?”

“Of course, I mean that’s why we came here, right?” Hisao replied.

“Well, I meant more than just letting me know what the clothes look like and what colors they are,” Lilly smiled, formulating an idea as the first tingles of a slight buzz from the wine took hold, “I want you to help me pick out an outfit that you find attractive on me.”

“W-w-what?”

Lilly laughed. Teasing Hisao had not become any less amusing, or any less easy, in the time they had been dating. If anything, Lilly had only become bolder over time with her teasing, which had rendered any attempts on Hisao’s part to build up a tolerance moot.

“What’s with that reaction? I would think that a girl telling her boyfriend that he can pick out whatever he pleases for her to wear would be a golden opportunity,” Lilly pouted, anticipating Hisao’s audible reaction. Instead she was met with silence. If he was making some sort of face right now, Lilly had no way to know.

“W-well, it’s not that I wouldn’t be opposed to it,” Hisao replied finally, amusing Lilly with the hesitation and embarrassment in his voice, “But are you sure, I mean, it’s one thing to say it, but-”

“It’s fine, I trust you,” Lilly smiled, squeezing his arm a little tighter, “Besides, I can’t see what you pick out for me, but I’ll be able to feel if I’m showing too much skin. I do want this to be a practical outfit that I can wear for you on dates, so try to be reasonable.”

Hisao made a sputtering noise, “H-hey now, you know I wouldn’t pull something like that!”

“Hmm,” Lilly hummed in acceptance, though she tried to make it sound somewhat sullen, as though she had secretly been hoping for it. When that received no response from Hisao, Lilly leaned in closer, using her place at his side as a guide and whispering in what she hoped was close to his ear, “Well, perhaps I’ll also let you pick out my undergarments for the outfit as well. It’ll be for your eyes only, so I’ll be a little more accepting~”

“Okay, now I know you’re doing it on purpose,” Hisao replied in a pouty tone.

“Doing what?” Lilly feigned innocence.

“Trying to get me all flustered over picking your outfit.”

“Well, is it working?” Lilly smiled. She naturally couldn’t see Hisao’s expression, but his silence was telling enough.

Despite her teasing, Hisao managed to pick Lilly out an outfit she quite liked. According to Hisao, it was a light green cardigan over a white camisole, and a tan pleated skirt that Lilly could feel was a bit more daring than the longer skirts she typically wore. Also, true to her word, she had Hisao usher them into a lingerie store and encouraged him to pick out underwear for her that he liked, a process which thoroughly embarrassed him.

Outside of Hisao’s hand-picked outfit, Lilly had also found some nice additions to her usual attire. A soft, fluffy sweater. A handful of long-sleeve shirts and blouses, some skirts and dresses, and a thin jacket she could take on and off for those days that weren’t quite hot, but weren’t quite cold either. They even stopped at one of the male clothing stores and got some fresh outfits for Hisao. In the end, the two were famished, and Lilly could recall the aromas of the various eateries she had smelled back in the main hall.

“Let’s grab something to eat!” she urged.

“Sure thing, I’m starving!” Hisao agreed.

As the two walked back towards the entrance, where Lilly presumed most of their food options were, she felt another, stronger signal from her bladder. It was far from what she’d call urgent, but it was more than the slight tingle she had felt before. It was also a little more nagging than she had hoped, not something she could ignore as easily as before now.

Maybe I should ask Hisao about the restrooms.

For Lilly, using restrooms she was unfamiliar with was always a bit of an ordeal, and not one she found particularly pleasant. Even when she was with Hanako, or her sister, she’d have to be escorted to one of the stalls, and even after, there was still a matter of locating the toilet proper. Japanese-style squat toilets were absolutely out of the question, and even assuming that wouldn’t be a problem in a very western-style mall as this, using a public restroom was really only something she did out of absolute necessity. Moreover, she’d have it even worse off, since Hisao wasn’t a girl. He wouldn’t even be able to accompany her into the restroom in the first place.

Deciding simply to hold it until they returned to their apartment proper, Lilly pushed back the nagging feeling of her filling bladder to the back of her mind and focused on the enjoyable sounds and smells, as well as the feeling of Hisao walking next to her, arm linked with hers. The remaining buzz from the alcohol also helped in easing her worries.

The two settled on a fast food joint and soon the two were digging away happily at a surprisingly comfortable table set up in the food court. Lilly allowed herself to indulge a bit with a nice burger, and Hisao opted for a grilled fish sandwich. The two sat across from each other, munching away in comfortable silence as Lilly listened to the sounds of the people around them. There was a mother trying to get an unruly child to behave off in the distant right, chastising them for sloppy eating. To her left, there were a group of friends gossiping about an upcoming wedding.

Feeling thirsty, Lilly reached for her drink and she felt another nag from her bladder. She pressed her thighs together and the urge passed. She was fine for now. She had about an hour, maybe an hour and a half, before the situation got bad. The Catholic school she had attended before Yamaku was strict, and had rules against using the bathrooms during lectures. Times between classes were tight, often not enough time for a normal student to go, let alone one who had to navigate the halls blind. While there, Lilly had grown quite accustomed to holding it. She remembered a few close calls where she was forced to endure the drive home, sitting in the passenger seat of Akira’s car and squirming with her hands jammed between her legs, barely managing to stay dry until they got home. Compared to that, this was nothing, and she outright refused to cut her date with Hisao short, or trouble him with the knowledge of her filling bladder.

Instead, she thought to strike up a conversation with Hisao. She didn’t mind the comfortable silence they often fell into, but right now she wanted to get her mind off her bladder as much as possible.

“Oh, did I tell you Hanako called me last night?”

“She did?” Hisao asked, voice muffled with food.

“Yes,” Lilly nodded, “She’s doing well. Her and Naomi are still getting along, though she did sound irritated at Naomi’s tendency to invite her boyfriends over without warning her first.”

“Boy...friends?” Hisao asked, equal parts curious and hesitant.

Lilly smiled, wishing she could see what kind of expression he was wearing, “She apparently has dated quite a few of them, though not at the same time. Hanako mentioned her relationships don’t tend to last very long. Naomi doesn’t seem to mind all that much, though.”

Hisao let out what sounded like a worried sigh, “Well, I just hope Hanako doesn’t get roped into anything.”

“Oh my, are you implying-”

“N-no! I didn’t mean- I just meant, I hope Naomi’s habits don’t rub off on her,” Hisao corrected, “Well, let her know that if it gets too much for her, she can always come live with us. Your sister really went overboard picking out a place for us.”

“I did, but I really think Hanako is trying to be independent of us, which I for one am very happy to see, even if I do sometimes miss how close we used to be,” Lilly smiled in realization and placed her hand on her cheek, “My, I’m really sounding like her mother, aren’t I?”

Hisao laughed, “I think, once we started dating, or maybe even before that, we really did kind of feel like Hanako’s parents, in a way.”

Lilly smiled and reminisced about their time at Yamaku, and the two finished their lunch. Hisao took their trays and threw out the trash, and once he returned, he stepped over to Lilly.

“Let’s get going!”

Lilly nodded silently and held her hand out, and Hisao met it with his. She helped her up, but as she stood, she felt a wave of protest from her bladder. It was definitely full. Her hesitation must’ve shown on her face, because Hisao stopped.

“Are you alright?”

“Yes, I’m fine, don’t worry,” Lilly reassured him. She figured he wouldn’t buy it. After all, he had said those same words countless times to her, and they never once put her mind at ease. Still, it really was nothing for him to worry about. She just had to pee a little. She’d hold it until they got back home, and everything would be fine.

“Alright. Do you have anything else you want to get before we walk around?”

“Not particularly,” Lilly replied, though in the back of her mind she had a nagging feeling she was forgetting something important.

Pushing that to the back of her mind, Lilly hooked her arm around Hisao and pulled out her retractable cane, signalling she was ready to go. Sitting down had been a nice reprieve, but now that she was standing and walking again, her discomfort was more noticeable. Not wanting to give her situation away to Hisao, she simply steeled herself and tuned in to the sounds around her. The hum of an elevator could be heard, and she did recall hearing it to the right when they first came in. Seeing as they had already gone left for the clothing, she imagined Hisao was now leading her down the right path. Rather than the smell of new clothes, this side of the store was dominated with sweet, fruity scents.

“There really isn’t much here,” Hisao mentioned, “There’s some candle shops, a couple of stores selling bathing products and stuff, and a few stores full of kitchen supplies. You interested in checking any of them out?”

“Not particularly,” Lilly shook her head. She had plenty of shampoo and bodywash at home, and the thought of navigating such a strongly-scented store with her heightened senses was not appealing. The last thing she needed was to have a coughing fit when her bladder was full.

“Okay, I’ll turn around then- oh wait,” Hisao apparently spotted something, “There’s a bookstore further down, mind if I check it out?”

“Sure, go ahead,” Lilly smiled, “Besides, considering the mall’s focus on accessibility, they might even have a braille section.”

Hisao ushered Lilly down the hall, weaving through the crowds with renewed vigor. Lilly wanted to smile at his enthusiasm, but the increased pace was doing no favors. Each quick step was a jolt to her full bladder, and she didn’t have as much time between steps to recover fully. Her urge mounted, and by the time they got to the bookstore, she was forced to press her thighs together for a moment to get herself back under control.

She was worried Hisao would notice, but instead he led her into the bookstore. She instantly took in the warm, earthy aroma of old books, mixed with newly minted copies still fresh with the strong scent of ink. The door closed behind them and all the sounds from the outside were sealed off. The store was quiet, the only sounds being the clack of a register as the clerk processed people’s orders, and the sound of patrons flipping through the pages of their potential purchases.

“Oh hey, they do have a braille section,” Hisao noted, likely locating some sort of sign, “It’s right over here.”

He led Lilly to the proper section and she reached out her hand, eventually finding a row of books, arranged with their spines outwards like on a bookshelf. She ran her fingers along them one by one, feeling the titles and smiling.

“They seem to have a large selection,” Lilly couldn’t have hidden the pleased expression on her face even if she wanted to.

“Well, feel free to check it out,” Hisao smiled, “I’m going to have a look around, if you don’t mind?”

“Go ahead, I’ll be here,” Lilly nodded.

She continued to slowly run her hand down the spines of each book, checking the titles one at a time. She actually came to one she recognized, a book series she had heard about and had always wanted to read. Unfortunately, she had never been able to find a braille copy until now.

She instantly flipped it open and eagerly began reading, running her fingers along the tactile bumps that translated into the words of the story. Lilly got caught up in reading it, taking in each page. It was just as good as she had heard, if not better. She’d definitely have to purchase this one.

She continued to check out the books, and found a few others she wanted to buy. Still, she’d feel bad for making Hisao haul around too many books for her, and he would undoubtedly want to purchase some for himself, so she stuck to the one. She tuned back into the sounds around her, listening for Hisao’s footsteps. They weren’t hard to pick out. He was eagerly stepping around the store like a kid in a candy shop.

As she waited, she continued to read, but she kept getting pulled out of the story by her nagging bladder. As interesting as the story was, her urge had grown quite a bit since they entered. Certainly standing up wasn’t helping any, but she had no way of knowing if there were any seats in the store, and even if there were, she’d have no way of locating them.

So, she stood there, waiting as her bladder sent signal after signal of fullness to her brain. She shuffled slightly and fought the urge to bob up and down on her feet. Hisao didn’t give any indication of slowing down either. Every few steps he’d stop, and she could hear the sounds of him flipping through yet another book that caught his interests. She was tempted to call out to him and hurry him along, but she could tell he was loving every minute of this. She didn’t want to pull him out of it.

It’s fine. I can hold it. We couldn’t have spent more than 30 minutes here, so as long as we don’t take too long checking out the rest of the stores, I’ll be okay.

Lilly said that, but her confidence was starting to wane the longer they spent there. She wasn’t sure if it was the soda she drank during lunch or the small glass of wine she had as a free sample, but her urge to pee was growing steadily. She once again turned back to focus on her book, but more and more she found herself having to run her fingers back over lines just to fully take them in. She couldn’t focus on it, and she didn’t want to ruin the reading experience by fumbling her way through the book while needing to pee.

Hurry up, Hisao!

As though he had read her mind, Hisao’s footsteps began approaching her, “Sorry about that, Lilly, I’m done for now, I think. There’s a lot of good stuff here, but I’ve already got a lot to carry back as it is without buying half the books in the store.”

“It’s fine, I’m glad you enjoyed it,” Lilly smiled, “I’m also pleased with the braille selection they have here.”

“Good to hear! Let’s pay for our books and go.”

Lilly nodded eagerly, and the two checked out with the cashier and left the store. Thrust immediately back into the cacophony of the mall proper, Lilly once again let Hisao guide them back the way they came.

“That’s pretty much everything on the first floor,” Hisao noted, “I think the second floor’s smaller, but we should check it out before we leave.”

“That’s alright with me,” she replied. In truth, she really wanted to start heading home, but it wouldn’t make much sense for them to leave without at least checking out the whole mall first. Besides, it was her idea to spend the day here. It wasn’t her intention to let Hisao know that she had to pee, so if she asked to go home like she wasn’t enjoying herself, she’d feel twice as bad.

Resolving to hold it for a bit longer, she stayed silent and allowed Hisao to guide them to the elevator. She far preferred elevators to stairs and escalators, for obvious reasons.

Hisao moved forwards, likely to press the button, and a few moments later the door opened and a single chime sounded. They waited as a few passengers stepped out, and Hisao and Lilly entered.

Moving up to the second floor, the doors opened and the two stepped out, once again surrounded by the sounds of hustle and bustle. Much to Lilly’s dismay, though, there was a sound on the second floor that was not present on the first. The constant sound of running water, likely from some kind of decorative fountain, sounded to her left, likely in the center of the second floor where the branching halls all joined. The sound of running water was torture, and immediately her bladder made it’s presence known. For the first time that day, a full-on wave of desperation hit her, and she squeezed her thighs shut as she focused on holding it., The wave passed and Lilly relaxed, but her need was as present as ever, and she didn’t think she’d be able to push the feeling to the back of her mind anymore.

“Let’s see, we should go right first, since we’re already on this side,” Hisao stated.

“Yes, lets,” Lilly couldn’t agree more. Not only would it get her away from the sound of the running water, but it would save her from having to walk past it, at least for now.

There wasn’t much down the right wing of the second floor. A few sweet shops, an odds-and-ends store, a store filled with entirely useless gadgets from tv infomercials, and even a small car display. Lilly didn’t want to think about the logistics of getting a single car up to the second floor of a mall, let alone the three Hisao said there were.

Unfortunately, even though they managed to get through the right side of the second floor rather quickly, the fact that it was smaller was both a blessing and a detriment. Because the floor was smaller, even while going all the way down to the end of the hall, Lilly could still hear the faint trickle of water from the fountain, serving as a constant reminder that she was running low on time. Her bladder sat full in her abdomen, bulging out uncomfortably against the hem of her skirt. She had resorted to discrete holding methods. Squeezing her thighs together as she stood, shuffling her legs slightly as she walked. She wanted to hold herself, but even if her hands weren’t occupied, there was no way she’d actually do such an unlady-like thing in public like this.

Worse still, now that they had made it to the end of the right hallway, it was time to turn back. Lilly tried to hide the discomfort on her face as they started walking closer and closer to the fountain. The sound was torture, and Lilly seriously considered giving in and asking Hisao about the restrooms.

It wouldn’t be so bad. Hisao can escort me to the nearest restroom, and hopefully I can find the stall relatively easily. My cane and hands should help. Hopefully the bathroom won’t have anyone in it.

Lilly considered that, but even as her resolve to hold it waned at the sound of the running water, Lilly still hesitated. Fumbling around an unfamiliar bathroom while clearly desperate was not her idea of a fun time. Worse still if people were there to watch her struggling. Mocking her silently. Pitying her. Lilly considered herself a proper lady, and tried to be independent. Maybe if Hanako had been with her, it’d be a different story, but with Hisao, there was no way she’d live that down.

The two passed by the fountain and Lilly clenched her teeth slightly as the sound worsened her need to pee. Another wave of desperation struck her, and it was by sheer willpower that she managed to stave off any errant leaks without outwardly showing signs of her desperation. Still, the sooner they got out of here, the better.

“Hey, is that Lilly and Hisao I see?”

Hisao stopped, and Lilly turned her head in the general direction of the voice. Even over the sound of the fountain, Lilly could hear a familiar sound. An odd step-thud in a pattern she recognized.

“Oh, hey Miki, and Hayato, was it?” Hisao asked, confirming Lilly’s suspicions.

“Hello Hayato, hello Miura,” Lilly bowed, hopefully in the right direction. Hayato was an old classmate from class 3-2, and was one of the few students in her class that could see, out of one eye at least. He wore an eyepatch over the other from what Lilly recalled, and his distinct footsteps were created by the prosthetic leg replacing the one he had lost from the knee down. Seeing as he still had one fully functional eye, a rare commodity in Class 3-2, Lilly had relied on him quite a bit when performing her class rep duties, and through that the two had become good friends.

Miki Miura, from what she had heard at least, was a tan girl with long hair who was missing her left hand. Lilly hadn’t interacted with her much beyond superficial greetings and small talk, but both Hisao and Hanako had apparently made friends with her during their final trimester at Yamaku.

“I didn’t expect to see you guys here,” Hayato laughed, “You two on a date as well?”

“Yup!” Hisao answered, “We live a few blocks away, so we figured we’d check the mall out.”

“Ah man,” Miki sighed, “You two should’ve said something! We could’ve set up a double-date!”

“We still could,” Lilly suggested. Ordinarily, she wouldn’t have agreed to prolong her stay at the mall with her bladder as full as it was, but having Miki there changed things. She could excuse herself to the bathroom and ask Miki to accompany her, and Miki could guide her to the stalls, at least.

“Sorry, no can do,” Hayato replied, “We actually gotta get going, we’ve got dinner reservations, and we gotta stop back off at the apartment to drop off all this stuff first.”

Lilly’s heart sunk upon hearing they couldn’t join them. Not only did she really want to go to the restroom, but she actually genuinely would’ve liked to hang out with the two.

“Actually, I’ve been meaning to ask about that, what’s with the haul?” Hisao asked. Lilly had no way of seeing it, but apparently they were carrying enough bags to make Hisao curious.

“Oh, there’s a cosplay shop back there,” Hayato answered, and Lilly heard the rustle of a shopping bag as he pointed, likely down the hall they hadn’t visited yet, “We’re getting a couple’s cosplay ready.”

“Oh, that sounds interesting,” Lilly smiled, Hayato had always been a huge nerd about that kind of stuff, and either Miki had similar interests or Hayato had managed to rope her into them while they were dating, “What kind of costumes are they?”

“Pirates,” the two replied in unison, and from the sound of it they struck some sort of pirate-y pose, whatever that would entail. Lilly had no response to that, and apparently neither did Hisao.

“What, you don’t think it fits?” Miki asked, “You know, pirates. Eyepatch. Peg leg. Hook?”

“O-oh,” Hisao replied finally, “I… sorry, I just-”

“Hahahahaha,” Hayato laughed, “We’re just messing with ya! It’s a secret! We’ll send you pics when the costumes are done, though!”

“And hey, next time you guys are free, let us know,” Miki added, “We’ll set up a proper double-date and catch up!”

“Sure thing,” Lilly smiled.

The two bid their farewells, and immediately Lilly felt another wave of desperation wash over her. The whole time she’d been standing right next to the fountain, and now that her friends had left, she was back to focusing on her full bladder. She clamped her thighs together and bounced slightly, hoping that Hisao was still recovering from the interaction to notice.

He didn’t seem to, instead letting out a sigh, “Those two have so much energy between the two of them…”

“They can be a bit much, can’t they?” Lilly asked, eager to find a topic to take her mind off of her desperation, “Still, I’m glad they’re happy together!”

“Yeah,” Hisao agreed, “Anyway, let’s check out the rest of the mall and head home. My arms are getting kind of tired.”

Lilly seized the opening, “Actually, I’m pretty tired from all this walking, maybe we should start heading back now.”

“That might be a good idea,” Hisao nodded, “There’s nothing down that way that seems interesting anyway. Just the cosplay shop, a video game store, an arcade, and an antique… oh crap!”

“What?” Lilly asked.

“Hanako’s birthday is coming up,” Hisao noted. Suddenly, realization dawned on Lilly as well. That was the important thing she felt like she was forgetting earlier. One of the reasons she wanted to come to the mall today was so they could pick out gifts for Hanako.

“Glad we remembered before we left, I don’t have another day off until then,” Hisao replied, “Let’s check the antique store first, Hanako does like cute things.”

Lilly steeled herself, gritting her teeth in frustration. She felt bad for forgetting, but even worse was the idea of a prolonged search for a present suitable for her friend. The two entered and an old bell by the door signalled their arrival. The two searched the store slowly, with Lilly gently prodding at things and asking Hisao to describe them. There were definitely some lovely sounding antiques there, but nothing that really fit Hanako.

Worse still, Lilly was finding it harder and harder to focus on the tactile sensations of the objects in her hands. Her urge was at the forefront of her mind, dulling her usually fine senses and filling her mind with nothing but the thought of relief. She wanted nothing more than to rush to the nearest bathroom and seat herself down before finally peeing, but without being familiar with the bathrooms, she knew the display would be far less streamlined and elegant.

It’s fine. It’s only a bit longer. Once we both find presents for Hanako, we can leave. I can hold it until we get home.

Lilly said that to herself, but it was less a confident reassurance and a wish. She hoped she could get through this dry.

“Oh, this looks nice,” Hisao replied.

“What is it?” Lilly asked.

“It’s a glass chess set, with dark blue and frosted white pieces. The bottoms are lined with felt, and it comes with a velvet-lined box to fit the pieces.”

Lilly ran her hands over it, feeling the weighted glass pieces. Some pieces had a smooth surface, and the others were ever-so-slightly gritty, likely from the frosted glass. The bottoms, as mentioned, were in fact lined with soft felt, so that moving each piece would produce a soft thud rather than the harsh clack of glass on glass. The box felt high-quality as well, lined with impossibly smooth velvet with inserts fitted to each piece.

“I think she’ll love it!” Lilly smiled, happy that Hisao at least found his present. However, there was still the matter of hers, and she had no idea where to start. She was secretly jealous that Hisao had managed to find the chess set. If Lilly had found it, she likely would’ve picked it out first. Instead, she was forced to continue to fumble around.

By the time they had gone through everything in the store, Lilly had yet to find a sufficient gift for Hanako. Moreover, her desperation was really starting to become an issue. She was finding it increasingly hard to keep her composure and hide her need from Hisao.

“Let’s move on, I don’t think I’ll be able to find anything here,” Lilly replied.

Hisao nodded and went over to pay for the chess set, and Lilly headed outside, using the memory of where the door was as well as her cane to navigate.

The second the door behind her closes, she discreetly rubbed her abdomen as she crossed her legs slightly. The counter sounded like it was in the back of the store, so with any luck, Hisao couldn’t see her, and Lilly hoped her actions weren’t too obvious to passersby.

This is getting bad. I have to pee. I need to find something for Hanako fast, and then we should leave.

The bell chimed as Hisao emerged with his gift for Hanako, and Lilly turned around, racking her brain, “Do you have any ideas where to go next?”

“Well, uh,” Hisao paused, and Lilly tried not to focus on how urgently she needed to go, “Maybe a computer store? Hanako is pretty into technology.”

Lilly frowned. Hanako might be, but she was not. She wouldn’t have the slightest idea what to look for or where to go. Hisao seemed to notice her expression, and reassured her.

“Don’t worry, I’ll help you look.”

“Thank you,” Lilly nodded.

She let Hisao link arms with her and guide her further down the hall, and it wasn’t long before they located a computer store. The smell of plastic and something metallic that Lilly couldn’t quite place accosted her nose, and the sounds of the mall behind them were replaced with the soft whir of computer fans and a sharp, high-pitched whine that she found rather unpleasant.

Not having the first clue where to look even if she could, she let Hisao guide her around the store, describing certain peripherals and devices that might have well been explained to her in a foreign language. She was getting more and more irritated, not at Hisao, but at her own body. Her bladder was becoming more and more of an issue, and it was getting increasingly hard to fight the urge to stand still enough not to garner Hisao’s suspicions.

I need to pee. I need to pee. I need to pee. I really need to pee.

“-and here are the keyboards. I do think I remember Hanako mentioning her keyboard was getting old. Something about the wires fraying or a few of the keys not working right.”

“Let’s look for one, then,” Lilly replied, half-distracted with her own need.

She ran her fingers across the keyboard displays, and realized that a keyboard was probably her best bet in terms of a gift. Each one felt distinctly different, with a unique sound and feel as she pressed down each key. She moved down the line one by one, trying to gauge which one felt best to her. Eventually, she came to an oddly familiar feeling. Round keys, rather than square, with a stiff, tactile clack as she pressed each one down.

“This one feels different,” Lilly replied, puzzled.

“Oh, that one looks like it’s supposed to be designed like a typewriter,” Hisao replied.

As a more old-fashioned woman, Lilly felt the most comfortable with the feel of this particular keyboard, as it closely emulated the braillers she’s used in the past, as well as normal typewriters, which, while not as useful to Lilly herself, had always had a satisfying feel and sound to her. Although that was admittedly personal preference, she also knew that Hanako did have a taste for the antique aesthetic, and would likely appreciate the gift either way.

“Let’s get her this one,” Lilly smiled.

Lilly could not have paid for the keyboard fast enough. By the time she and Hisao were making their way out of the computer store, she was seriously having trouble standing still, let alone walking without giving away a single outward sign that she was desperate. Still, with the last obstacle overcome, the two could make their way back home and Lilly could finally relieve herself.

“Let’s get going, that was a lot of fun, but I’m exhausted,” Lilly urged. It was half-true. With all the walking they had done today, Lilly was feeling a bit fatigued.

“Yeah, I was thinking the same thing,” Hisao agreed, and Lilly was grateful he didn’t put up any resistance to leaving. The two headed past the fountain, Lilly bracing herself against its torturous sounds, and made their way over to the elevator.

Lilly waited impatiently as the elevator’s motors hummed to life, whirring and clunking as the lift arrived. Two short dings sounded and Lilly eagerly stepped in, barely waiting for Hisao as she ran her hands along the buttons and pressed the one to go down.

Luckily, it sounded like only she and Hisao were boarding this particular car. The doors closed and Lilly shook her leg up and down subtly as she mentally begged for the elevator to hurry up.

Soon, it started moving, and Lilly let out a soft sigh, hoping Hisao wouldn’t hear it or otherwise mistake it for exhaustion.

We’re done shopping. We’re heading home. I can make it. I can hold it until then!

Lilly might have celebrated a bit too early, however. Not a moment later, a sharp clunk and a terrifying lurch shook the entire car, and Lilly felt herself lose control. A spurt escaped into her panties and she hoped Hisao would be too distracted to see her clamp down on her crotch with her hand.

No no no no! Please stop please stop!

Lilly froze as she quickly regained control of her bladder, waiting for the sudden jolt and subsequent wave of desperation to subside. Once she was sure she wouldn’t leak again, she let go of herself.

“Lilly, are you okay?” Hisao asked, voice panicked.

“I’m fine,” Lilly replied, nodding in the general direction of his voice, “What happened?”

“I think the elevator broke down, the lights went out and we stopped moving.”

“Oh,” Lilly’s calm response belied her inner-panic.

“This can’t be happening. I have to pee so bad! If we’re stuck here for too long, I’ll…”

Lilly trailed off, not wanting to think about that possibility. Instead, she clung onto a bit of hope. Hisao said the lights went out. That likely meant it was dark in the elevator, and Hisao couldn’t see her. Immediately, Lilly jammed both her hands between her legs, dancing around desperately as she allowed herself to revel in the slight relief being able to hold herself afforded her.

“Lilly, you were by the panel, can you check if the emergency call button works?”

“Sure,” Lilly answered, reaching out one hand and feeling the braille until she located the right button. She pressed it, but predictably, there was no response.

“Damn, guess we’ll have to wait, then,” Hisao replied, “It shouldn’t be too long, though. The mall’s pretty busy, so someone will notice sooner rather than later, I’m sure.”

“I hope so,” Lilly stated, her words having a completely different meaning to her than to Hisao.

Lilly stood there and continued to hold herself, bouncing from foot to foot, shifting her weight back and forth, and trying to stave off any more leaks. Her panties were warm and uncomfortably wet thanks to her first leak, but thankfully it had been a small one. She was embarrassed at the mere thought of Hisao doing the laundry later and seeing the stain, but laundry wasn’t exactly her forte, with her inability to sort the clothes by color.

I can hold it. I can hold it. I can hold it.

Lilly repeated the words like a mantra, shuffling her legs as she tried to ignore the immense pressure in her abdomen. Hisao was making small-talk in an attempt to pass the time, but Lilly could barely focus on what he was saying. She had to pee. She couldn’t remember a time in her recent years where she had to pee this bad.

I’m stupid! I should’ve asked Hisao to take me to the bathroom. I should’ve just sucked it up and gone.

Suddenly, there was another loud clack, and Lilly initially hoped the elevator would start moving again. Instead, however, nothing changed, and Lilly, in irritation, continued to dance around desperately.

“Lilly, uh, are you really okay,” Hisao asked again.

Lilly froze, hoping her movements hadn’t given her situation away, “Y-yes, why?”

“Well, I mean,” Hisao seemed particularly embarrassed, “You uh… do you have to use the bathroom? The… the lights came back on, and well, you look pretty desperate.”

Lilly felt her face flush as she immediately tried to right herself, an exercise in futility. The sudden movement caused her bladder to spasm, and not a moment later she was forced to jam her hands back between her legs before she leaked again.

“Why didn’t you tell me the lights were on!” Lilly yelled in frustration, “I didn’t want you to see me like this!”

“S-sorry!” Hisao replied, and Lilly immediately felt guilty for snapping. It wasn’t like her.

“No, sorry, it’s not your fault,” Lilly replied in a softer tone, “I just… I was hoping to make it home before it got too bad, but then the elevator broke down and now…”

Lilly crossed her legs as another wave of desperation wracked her body. Another leak escaped into her panties, and she was seriously worried she wouldn’t make it out of the elevator dry.

“If you had to go, why didn’t you say something?” Hisao asked, “You know I would’ve helped you.”

“Sometimes I don’t want help!” Lilly replied, more sharply than she had intended, “I know we’re dating, I know you’re my boyfriend and I can rely on you, but it’s going to be restroom! Do you know how humiliating it feels to not be able to do that on your own! Fumbling around because you can’t see? Not even knowing if other people are staring at you, watching you. Laughing at you? I just wanted to-”

Lilly drew in a sharp hitch of breath as she doubled over, jamming her hands between her legs and squirming desperately. She squeezed her eyes shut, not that it changed anything for her, and fought back the urge to start peeing right there. Once it passed, she allowed herself a soft sigh of relief, but she didn’t relax a single muscle in fear of losing control.

“Sorry. I don’t like getting like this. I don’t like admitting I can’t manage on my own,” Lilly admitted, “It’s like you not wanting me to worry about you. I want to be able to manage on my own, even though the world around me is designed for people who can see. Even a mall like this.”

After a few moments of pointed silence, broken only by the consistent sound of Lilly’s desperate shuffling, Hisao moved, stepping audibly so as to alert Lilly to his movements and not surprise her when he wrapped his arms around her.

“I understand, I know how you must feel, I’m sorry,” Hisao replied.

A few moments passed, and Lilly tried to enjoy the feeling of Hisao’s embrace, even over her own mounting desperation. Still, it was becoming more and more obvious to the both of them that Lilly was reaching her limits.

“There doesn’t seem to be any cameras in here. If you… really don’t think you can hold it, you can pee here, and I can say it was me.”

“N-no,” Lilly shook her head, “You don’t need to. I can hold it.”

Lilly wasn’t entirely confident about that, and she was sure Hisao wasn’t either, but the thought of peeing here so openly, even if Hisao was willing to cover for her, was so mortifying that she outright refused.

Hisao didn’t press the issue, but her bladder did. Just the knowledge of a way out, a way to pee, made her desperation worse, and she felt her willpower slipping. Would it be so bad for her to pee here? Hisao was willing to take the fall if she did, and even though the action ordinarily wouldn’t be anywhere near proper for a lady, these were extraneous circumstances. Surely she could make one exception?

No! I have to hold it! I can hold it! Please, bladder, hold out a bit longer!

Instead, Lilly continued to hold on, scissoring her legs back and forth desperately as she fought against her body’s urges. She tried to get the sound of the fountain out of her mind as she clamped down on her crotch, feeling the damp spot where she had leaked earlier. She didn’t want to admit it, but she was at her limit. She just sincerely hoped the elevator would start moving again.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, it did, and Lilly nearly let out another spurt as it jolted back to life and she could feel them moving again. She waited with baited breath as the doors opened and the chime sounded once more. Wasting no time, Lilly and Hisao made their way out of the elevator, Lilly forcing herself to regain a semblance of composure as she fixed her skirt and righted herself. She was still dying to pee, but even though she had let Hisao see her desperate dancing, she refused to let the other mall patrons catch her unladylike display.

“Come on, let’s go home, hurry!” Lilly urged.

“Home?” Hisao asked, “I thought you were going to the restroom?”

Lilly shook her head adamantly, “I can make it, I’d rather wait until we get home than go here, especially now.”

She didn’t want to elaborate, but she was seriously worried that the sounds of other people relieving themselves, coupled with her unfamiliarity of the restroom’s layout, might prove to be a fatal combination. Let alone any lines that might be waiting for her should she choose to go here at the mall. She wasn’t confident she could hold out in that situation. However, she knew that their apartment wasn’t too far away. She could hold it until they got home, and there would be a very familiar restroom with a familiar layout that she could navigate quickly enough, and it was guaranteed to be free.

“Alright, if you’re sure,” Hisao replied, “I could always-”

“Please, not now,” Lilly urged, not wanting to argue about this when she was already short on time, “Let’s just go.”

“Alright,” Hisao agreed, guiding her towards the doors. As they stepped out, the summer heat hit them, and Lilly let the warmth wash over her. She wasn’t usually a fan of hot weather, but at least at this point she much preferred it to the cold AC of the mall, which had done nothing to help her aching bladder.

The walk home was torturous. Each step sending a wave of desperation shooting up Lilly’s body as she struggled to maintain a semblance of composure. She could already tell she was more hobbling than walking alongside Hisao as they made their way through the city.

“How busy is it, Hisao?” Lilly asked.

“Uh, it’s pretty quiet, why-”

Before Hisao could finish asking, Lilly jammed her hands back between her legs and picked up the pace. She was at her wit’s end. Her bladder felt like a swollen balloon, ready to pop at any moment. Even with the extra benefit of holding herself openly now, she still let a few leaks escape into her panties. She impatiently counted the crosswalks they passed by, listening for the soft beeps of the crosswalk signals as they walked. 2 blocks to go.

Oh my god I have to pee. I can hold it. We’re almost home. Please hold it!

From Hisao’s awkward silence, Lilly could tell she must’ve looked like quite the sorry sight, but holding herself and hobbling along awkwardly were a far cry better than having to walk home in a wet skirt. Lilly clamped her eyes shut as a particularly strong wave struck her, and she was forced to crouch down, jamming her heel hard against her crotch. She pressed it against her pee-hole as she tried to steady her breathing, and she somehow managed to avoid anything more than a few small leaks.

I have to hold it. I have to hold it. We’re almost home. One block to go.

Lilly continued to hobble along, squeezing Hisao’s arm with her own as she racked and twisted her body awkwardly just to hold it in. She sincerely hoped that Hisao was right and there weren’t many people out right now. She couldn’t imagine how embarrassing she must look.

Suddenly, another leak escaped, a longer spurt that saturated her panties and patter out onto the street below. She gasped and bunched her skirt up, jamming her hands against her crotch. By some small miracle, she had managed to regain control, the spurt was a warning. She was at her limit.

We have to be almost there. I hope we’re close. I can’t… I can’t hold it anymore!

“Hisao,” Lilly pleaded, trailing off as she focused only on the struggle of holding back her inevitable flood.

“We’re almost there, I can see our apartment complex now,” Hisao reassured her, rubbing her arm comfortingly with his hand. She appreciated the gesture, but it was empty comfort to her. The only thing that would truly comfort her at this point would be the feeling of finally letting go and peeing full-force into the toilet.

Luckily, Akira had the foresight of finding them an apartment on the first floor. Lilly didn’t do well with stairs in the best of circumstances, let alone now, and the last thing Lilly wanted was to step into another elevator before she could pee.

She hobbled up the familiar path to their particular apartment, and Lilly heard Hisao set down his bags and fumble with his keys. She bit back a sharp reply to him to hurry it up, from the sounds of it, he was already rushing. Instead she focused all her efforts on staying dry, hopping from foot to foot as she tried to fight her swollen bladder as it tried to push all the urine it held out of her.

Lilly’s leg’s buckled and she let out another short spurt, and then another. She could hear the second one patter onto the ground beneath her as she tensed her body and hoped to stem the flow. She managed, but just barely, to get it under control.

“Got it, there you go,” Hisao replied next to her, and she heard the sound of the door swing open.

Wasting no time, Lilly bolted into the apartment. She kicked off her shoes haphazardly and bolted straight for the toilet. Familiar with the layout, she had no trouble navigating without the aid of her cane or Hisao. She threw open the bathroom door. Just knowing she was so close to relief was the last straw. Already way past her limit, Lilly realized she had seconds. She hiked up her skirt, not bothering to pull her panties down, and spun in place before sitting herself down on the toilet.

Not a moment later, the floodgates opened. A hot, powerful jet of pee burst out of her and hit the side of the toilet bowl so hard that it started ringing. The torrent of pee hissing out of her at full-force soaked through what was left of the dry fabric, the wet spot spreading as her bladder finally emptied itself. Lilly threw her head back, savoring the blissful relief that washed over her. It felt almost orgasmic, and she couldn’t tell if the loud moan she let out was one of relief or pleasure. Her hand made her way instinctively up to her breast and she gave it a squeeze as she relished every moment of her peeing.

She hadn’t held it for this long before, but it seemed her bladder was still accustomed to the long waits she had when attending her old school, and even though she had been peeing for at least half a minute now, her bladder still felt full. She continued to let it flow out of her freely, not caring about her soaked panties or the slight mess she must’ve been making as rivulettes of urine ran along the legs of her underwear and onto and over the toilet seat.

Soon, the pressure from her swollen bladder slowly gave way to a dull ache, and the relief gave way to a distinctly sexual pleasure. She wasn’t quite sure how to feel about that, and she wasn’t fully capable of processing it at the moment. After her day-long struggle, she wanted to savor every second of her pee.

After what felt like a blissful eternity, her flow started to taper off. It slowed to a stream that was no longer strong enough to hit the wall of the toilet bowl, instead splashing into the water basin. It then slowed to a trickle, then steady drops, and soon she was done, sitting there on the toilet, panties soaked, breath ragged, face red both from the effort of holding for so long, but also from her arousal. It took her brain a few moments to fully register what had happened, and it took the sound of Hisao swallowing to realize that she had forgotten to close the door before peeing.

She couldn’t imagine what she must look like. Sprawled out on the toilet bowl, chest heaving as she took heavy breaths, face flushed red, with her skirt hiked up and her soaked panties on full display.

“S-sorry,” Lilly blushed, “That was very unbecoming of me, Hisao. I’m embarrassed that this was such a close call, and technically you could say I did wet myself. I hope you don’t find me gross or disgusting after seeing me like this.”

Lilly looked down and focused on listening to Hisao, trying to gauge his reaction.

“N-not at all! I understand, you must’ve really had to go,” Hisao replied, “I’m just really glad you made it, mostly.”

“Are you sure?” Lilly asked, “I feel foolish, especially since you could’ve-”

Before Lilly could even finish, she heard Hisao step into the bathroom and felt him wrap his arms around her.

“Lilly, it’s fine. You wanted to make it home because you weren’t comfortable with using the ones at the mall. That’s fine. A lot of people are like that, for different reasons,” Hisao reassured her, “Besides, I love you, I’m not going to think you’re gross because of a natural bodily function.”

Lilly allowed herself to relax, leaning into him as she hugged him back. She focused on the sound of his breathing, hoping to calm himself down, but his breathing sounded equally as ragged as hers, if not moreso. Realization dawned on her, and she allowed herself a small smile in spite of what just happened.

“Hisao, are you… turned on right now?”

“W-what?” She felt Hisao pull away, his tone flustered, “N-no, of course not!”

“You are, aren’t you?” Lilly accused, “Don’t lie to me, or I’ll feel for myself.”

“F-fine,” Hisao replied, “I mean, I wouldn’t say I was enjoying it at your expense or anything, but I might’ve… I think maybe you squirming around like that… and while I didn’t mean to watch you pee, you left the door open and you just kind of… it was… maybe a little hot.”

“I can’t believe you, you pervert,” Lilly accused, but her laugh gave away that rather than mad, she was just teasing. She received no response, but she was sure Hisao was blushing furiously, “Well, I’ll admit that I found relieving myself after holding it for so long to be quite enjoyable, in more ways than one.”

The nail in the coffin. Hisao swallowed again, and Lilly was sure she had him right where she wanted him, figuratively speaking.

“I’ll need to take a bath, and take care of some… other things. Would you care to join me?”

“Yes. Yes definitely,” Hisao agreed eagerly, and Lilly smiled. Far from her close call ruining her date, it seemed like this would turn out to be one of their more memorable ones.

The End

