The Rough Seam

Author: randomkath

*019*2018-10-28 21:20

After the coaches left, the girls stayed at the restaurant for what must have been another hour. The bill would be picked up by the college, so while no one downright abused that privilege, quite a few more rounds of drinks – mostly soda, some beer, some wine – were ordered. Jasmine had two more glasses of wine, and was still avoiding eye contact. It was well past midnight when the first girls started to leave, pointing out they had a busy schedule tomorrow. Training would start at 7:30, this wasn’t a vacation after all.

Ashley got up a few minutes after the last group had left, placed a few bucks under her empty glass for a tip, waved the table goodbye, and headed out into the cool autumn night. To her surprise, Jasmine followed on her heels. They didn’t speak as they crossed the main street of the quiet little town and made their way up the hill to the hotel. A walk of fifteen minutes, and not a single word. Through the lobby, nodding at the evening clerk, into the elevator, third floor, down the hallway, still silence.

When they were finally in their room, Jasmine took off her shoes and started walking towards the bathroom. Then she suddenly stopped. She turned around and looked at Ashley. She hesitated. You could almost hear the gears grinding in her head. Then she arrived at a decision.

Without further ado, she pulled the shirt over her head and unhooked her bra to let her breasts fall free. She slid down pants and underwear in one fluent motion, dropped all the clothing onto the bed, and disappeared into the bathroom, leaving the door slightly ajar.

Ashley was stunned. Two seconds of Jasmine stark naked in front of her had shaken her to the core. This woman was so gorgeous, she wanted to cry, and...

‘Damn it, you idiot! Don’t be standing around with your mouth open. That’s an invitation. Take it!’

Ashley undressed with trembling fingers, left her clothes next to Jasmine’s, and followed her into the bathroom.

Jasmine was sitting on the toilet, waiting for things to come. Ashley wasted no time and sat down on top of her. She felt their swollen bladders press into each other. Jasmine's giant balloon drove her crazy. She stopped for a second, studying the brunette's expression for any signs that she didn’t have her full consent for what was about to happen. She didn’t find anything. Jasmine was breathing heavily, pupils dilated, mouth slightly open, white teeth glittering in the neon light. She subconsciously licked her lips, waiting, eager. That was enough. Ashley went for it. The two girls melted into a deep kiss. Tender at first, then progressively more demanding, more aggressive, more tongue, more everything.

Unable to focus with Ashley’s tongue in her mouth, Jasmine lost control of her sphincter for a second. A short, hard spurt hit the water. Her body tensed, and she immediately pulled away from the kiss. “Oops. So sorry, I’m really full, I mean...” Ashley put a finger over her lips. “Shh, it’s okay. Here.” She let go completely. A massive hissing gusher, passing right between Jasmine’s thighs and into the bowl, hitting the water, loud and powerful. The pee of a strong woman, who had denied herself relief for longer then most people would find comfortable, or even physically possible.

Jasmine watched her, in total shock, for about ten seconds, then she could finally relax enough to start the flow herself. If anything, it was even stronger, even more violent than Ashley’s. The two streams joined into the most powerful piss ever taken on a hotel toilet. The two girls peed and moaned and touched each other all over, their reserves of urine seemed to be endless. Neither of them knew how long it took exactly, but after a long time, their streams finally trickled off.

Jasmine giggled. “That was weird.” Ashley smiled. “A good kind of weird.”

Both of them moved in for a second kiss at the same time. This one was lustful and intense from the very beginning. After a few seconds, Ashley slowly retracted, again staring into Jasmine’s beautiful face. She got very serious. “You are drunk.”

“So are you.”

“Yes. But I’m sure I want this. Are you?”

“I’ve never been so sure about anything in my life.”

“Ever been with a girl?”

“No, never.”

“Then how can you be so sure?”

“You are so hot, and I’m so curious.”

Ashley wasn’t normally easily flustered, but being called ‘hot’ by the girl she had lusted after for months, made her ears burn. So much for due diligence. If this wasn’t consensual, nothing was.

Without another word, she got up, pulled Jasmine of the seat by the hand, and proceeded to lead her to the bed, only for both of them to be startled when the toilet’s automatic flush went off. They shrieked, then laughed. Ashley got over her surprise a little quicker, and seized the opportunity to jam Jasmine against the wall and hungrily make out with her, before grabbing her by the hips and pushing her onto the bed. She followed after her, kneeling next to her on the mattress, looking down at the amazing sight.

Jasmine just stared up at her with wide eyes. Ashley tried to force herself not to be too hasty. She moved up and down the tall girls body, placing fleeting pecks here and there, exploring every square inch of skin. Runner’s feet, not soft, but well cared for. Wonderful long legs, smooth, muscular. Thighs to die for. Amazingly tight butt. Strong arms, but surprisingly narrow shoulders. She resisted the urge to try and be funny. ‘Girl, do you even lift?’ might have produced a chuckle – and killed all the magic.

Jasmine was a lean machine, all sinew and muscles in places where Ashley didn’t even have places. Ashley had only ever encountered this in men. All the girls she had slept with had either been skinny like herself, or nice and curvy like her roommate. Not that there was any danger anyone would ever confuse Jasmine with a man. Her face had soft, feminine features, and full, kissable lips. And then there was the Elephant in the room. Someone with that low a body fat percentage should not have such a big, round pair of natural breasts. They almost looked fake on her lanky frame, but when Ashley squeezed them with both hands, she could feel they were anything but. Firm, yes, but no silicone. The nipples where small, and dark, and hard as glass. When Ashley licked them, Jasmine shuddered, and when she gently scraped them with her fingernail, she moaned.

That did it. Enough prelude, time for the main act. Ashley grabbed a pillow and shoved it under Jasmine’s lower back. Now the angle was perfect. Then she moved downwards, leaving a train of kisses on her path through the deep valley on Jasmine's chest, down her toned stomach, until she arrived between her legs. What she was looking at was neat and taut, and almost symmetrical, but not quite. There was a tiny birthmark in the upper right, and her left outer labia sacked just so very slightly more than the other side. A light shadow of hair indicated that Jasmine had last shaved down there a few days ago. Small imperfections, very endearing. Ashley paid attention to details like these, because she loved pussy. She liked them all, and this one was especially pretty.

She separated the folds with two fingers, and goosebumps spread on Jasmine’s skin. She was so slick and wet and ready… Ashley pondered whether to push a finger or two into her, but decided against it. Going probing around for a girl’s G-spot was third date material at best. Definitely not something she did before her partner felt absolutely comfortable with her. Today she would focus elsewhere. She marveled at the swollen clitoris, poking out its head at the very top of this beautiful vulva.

Foreplay was officially over. She started gently, with just the tip of the right middle finger, barely brushing against Jasmine’s most sensitive spot. The tall girl was already panting and winding. Ashley picked up the pace, using more intense forms of stimulation. Circular movements with two fingers, rolling it under her thumb, flicking it hard enough for just a little bit of pain to mix into Jasmine’s pleasure. Ashley had a small rough spot on the inside of her right index finger. Just the tiniest induration on her otherwise soft hands, in the exact place where a pen rested when taking notes. Very much a college student’s callus.

That hard spot felt amazing on her clit when masturbating. And now she roughly dragged it across Jasmine's throbbing knob. She had her very close to losing it within a minute, and carefully balanced her here, slowing down, drawing back, speeding up again. More pressure, less pressure, stop a second to move up her body, look her in the eye, to kiss her on the lips, start rubbing her again, driving her absolutely fucking mad. Using just the index finger and thumb of her right hand, she wound Jasmine up right to the edge of a climax that would completely obliterate her. And then she stopped again. Not for long, though.

The best was yet to come. Ashley's head wandered down. She felt the most adorable little amount of stubble against her chin. A wonderful aroma tickled her nostrils. It can be kind of mind-blowing what a tongue can do, and mind-blowing it was. At least for Jasmine who, within seconds, found herself completely incapable of rational thought. One sloppy diagonal lick was enough to draw something like “Hwgrmlhghn” from her mouth. Ashley felt Jasmine's hands dig into her hair, as if she wanted to drag her closer, push her in there and make her finally finish the job. She obliged. With her lips slightly puckered, she kissed in just the right spot, applied the slightest amount of suction – and Jasmine's engorged clit slipped into her mouth and hit her teeth. The kept pulling a bit of a vacuum, and flicked her tongue across it.

“Fuck. Fuuuck. FUCK!” Jasmine exploded into an uncoordinated bundle of passion and twitching muscles. Her hips bucked, mashing her wet sex against Ashley’s nose. She smell was elysian. Ashley was relentless. She wasn’t done with her toy yet, and she had no intention of letting her down from the highs of her first orgasm. A hard clit rolled under her tongue. Jasmine was screaming, panting, swearing, flailing, thrashing. Her back arched in ecstasy. She slipped away for just a second, gliding across the silky sheets towards the headboard, and that proofed painful for Ashley. A bony knee smashed into the side of her head, making her see stars for a moment. She took it in good stride. You couldn’t rob a girl of all control over her motor functions, and then complain when limbs ended somewhere they shouldn’t.

She went after Jasmine, caught up with her, roughly shoved her face back into its proper place. She brought her A-game, didn’t let up, barely took time to breathe. Jasmines swearing got coarser still, then devolved into guttural grunts. She gushingly came into Ashley’s face, again and again, and was just about to pass out from sheer joy, when Ashley finally had enough. She retreated from between Jasmine’s thighs, crawled up her slender body, placed a soft kiss –and a wet mark– on her cheek, and finally lay down next to the sweaty hot mess, totally content with her own work.

Jasmine opened her mouth, tried to say something, aspirated her own saliva, coughed, swallowed, and continued wheezing. It took a good two minutes for her breathing to slow. Ashley figured that was the most winded the trained athlete had been in a while. She counted that as a win. When Jasmine had finally calmed down enough, she had another go at talking.

“Wow.” A single syllable, totally flat and without any expression other than total exhaustion.

“Yeah.”

The two girls lay next to each other for a few more minutes, neither of them moving a muscle.

Then Jasmine cleared her throat. “Ahem. So...you do this often? How much of the team have you actually slept with?” That was no accusation, she sounded genuinely interested.

“Hmm.” Ashley absent-mindedly trailed the lines of the other girl’s defined abs with her fingertips. She slowly came to the conclusion that she preferred her women a little softer to the touch. Which was not to say that this trained body wasn’t a nice change of pace.

“So?”

“Well yeah… I really get around. You could say I’m a bit of a slut. Haven’t screwed anybody else on the team, though.”

“Oh. I feel honored you picked me to try out first.” Again, genuine. No accusation, no sarcasm.

“That was an easy choice. You have the most amazing assets. And breastets.”

Jasmine looked down, where no doubt her boobs were blocking the clear view of her feet. “I know, right? Ever since I hit puberty, they just have been… there. I quite like them.”

“I’m more than just a bit jealous.”

“Hey, you are pretty damn gorgeous yourself, and that without all the back problems I am going to have before I even hit forty. You wanna play with them some more?”

“Oh hell yes! In fact, there is one thing I wanted to do to you for a year. Ever since I saw you running in just a bra.”

“And what would that be?”

As an answer, Ashley pushed herself onto her elbows, and rolled on top of Jasmine. She put her lips on the giant mountain in front of her and…

The noise of the motorboat mixed with Jasmine's laughter as Ashley went to town.

[...]

*021*2018-10-29 23:25

It wasn’t the insistent beeping of the alarm on her watch that woke Ashley. It was the pins and needles. She didn’t remember falling asleep with her arm around her newest conquest, but she must have, because now it was all prickly and kind of numb. She pulled the useless limb out from under Jasmine's shoulder, got up, and started to shake and flex it until circulation returned.

“Hmmm, come back to bed.” Jasmine sounded groggy. More than that, spent. Exactly like Ashley felt herself. Their long tête-à-tête had been physically demanding, and only left them with about 3 hours of sleep.

“I would like to, but we are late already. Get up, sleepyhead.”

Jasmine groaned. “If you’re like that every morning, I’m never hooking up with you again.”

“Don’t pretend it’s not totally worth it. Get your ass in gear.”

“Ugh, fine.”

By the time Jasmine finally did get up, Ashley had already put on a top, a fresh pair of running tights, stuffed her hair through the opening of a snapback, and was just tying her laces. Jasmine started rummaging around; aimlessly, it appeared.

Ashley was a tiny bit annoyed. “Come on girl. You ass is spectacular, but put on some pants! We need to get going.”

“I can’t find my black leggings. Damn it, I only brought like two pairs of pants, how the hell do they disappear from a locked room?”

Ashley got an idea. Suddenly she was wide awake, and eager to play some more. She picked up her own worn clothing from where she had left it the night before. “Here, catch.”

Jasmine was a lot more of an all-around athlete than Ashley. Her reflexes were excellent, she caught both items from the air with one hand.

“Uh… no offense, but these are dirty.”

“Don’t be such a girl. I’m not a heavy sweater, and after everything I’ve done to you last night...”

“Okay, okay. But these are cut for a Barbie doll. They are not going to fit.”

“They are. They are just going to be very tight.”

Jasmine was starting to get it. “Oh. That’s the idea, isn’t it?”

“Yes.”

Jasmine pulled on the yoga pants first. It wasn’t impossible, just difficult. Up to her knees was fine, but her muscular thighs, albeit slender, were still a lot bigger than Ashley's. After a lot of tugging and adjusting, she arrived at her crotch, and then the real fight began. With swearing and muttered complaints about ‘size quadruple zero’ and Ashley’s ‘ridiculously skinny ass’, she finally managed to stuff her entire butt into the dangerously taut garment.

The top was even worse. Ashley was rather flat-chested, so her sports bra was no match for Jasmine’s ample bust. Once she had worked her way into the damn thing, the effect was akin to wearing a corset. Her breasts were squeezed, lifted, pushed up towards her collar bone, almost spilling out.

Ashley was drooling. “Best cleavage ever!”

Jasmine wasn’t convinced. “I think you will have to throw this thing away. I probably have overstretched it just by putting it on.”

“I don’t care, what is that, double D?”

“Barely even D.”

“Wow, just look at yourself!” Ashley dragged her in front of the bathroom mirror. The view was indeed breathtaking. Not only were her boobs about to explode all over the place, the lower waist and shorter inseam of the too-small pants had also let her to pull them up further than you normally would. Her hipbones were still on display, yet the seam was disappearing between her lips, and back and up between her cheeks. “Little Miss Cameltoe should have worn panties.”

“You didn’t give me time to… oof.”

Ashley interrupted Jasmine by shoving her against the sink and bending her over, so she could run her hands over the seam, following it into her ass. “And a nice wedgie, too.”

Jasmine moaned. Ashley trailed the line with her fingers, passing between the tall girl’s legs, to the front. Just as she suspected! If it wasn’t for the moisture-wicking fabric, Jasmine would have to deal with a major wet spot right now. Nice and horny, as she liked it. She pulled away her hands and took a step back. Jasmine slowly straightened up. She looked disappointed. “What, no more feeling me up?”

“Later. We really really need to get moving.”

“I can’t go out there like that. I look like a tramp.”

“Don’t be a prude. I thought you were from California.”

“Very funny, I...”

“You are going to come out with me and flaunt your ass around. If anybody asks, just tell them you forgot a change of clothing and borrowed from me.”

“You expect me to go out there wearing this, so you can ogle me all day?”

“Now you understand. Just imagine what it will do to me, and what I will do to you in turn, when we come back in tonight.”

Jasmine closed her eyes and breathed in sharply, then slowly exhaled. “Okay, deal. But if you’re not giving me the best O any woman ever had, I’m going to dunk you into the lake.”

“Haha, oh no! I’ll do my very best.”

The two girls only made it to the atrium. They could see the rest of the team was done with breakfast and had already assembled on the parking lot in front of the main entrance, but as they were about to join them, Humphrey marched up in front of them. He looked angry.“Good morning, ladies. Finally decided to grace us with your presence, I see.”

“Yes, sorry, we overslept a bit and...”

He interrupted: “I really hope that Italian red was worth it. You are in trouble.”

Jasmine was taken aback. “Excuse me?”

He frowned.“Don’t try to deny it! Your face gives it away.”

The truth was, the girls did look like a rough night. Their newfound sexual energy could only do so much to mask their sleep deprivation. The rings under their eyes betrayed them. Humphrey had spotted that detail, but attributed it to another cause.

“You two think underage drinking is no big deal, and showing up with a hangover is fun, huh?”

“You know, that is not really what happened...” Jasmine downright purred these words, while she wriggled her butt and played with her ponytail.

The trainer narrowed his eyes. “So, and what exactly did happen? You two love the wine a little too much, don't you? You know a restaurant owner can end up losing his liquor license over stupid stuff like this, endangering I-don't-know-how-many jobs? Not to mention your academic record...”

Ashley intervened. “Okay, see, we're sorry. We're in college, just trying to have fun. Please don't tell me you never snuck booze into a training camp, and stuff like that.”

She must have struck the right note, because Humphrey sighed. “Fine. Just don't get wasted again. Hungover athletes are useless. Go get yourself some water. I'm taking you off the training plan for today. Drink water, do some light cardio, sweat it out. But actually do that, if I catch you going back to bed, you’ll regret it. And if anybody asks, you got a severe dressing-down and a warning. If the others learn you got off easy, team discipline as a whole is going to suffer. So keep your mouth shut.”

Ashley nodded. “Thank you.”

“Don't mention it.” He muttered something along the lines of 'kids never change', as he walked away.

Jasmine was seriously taken aback. “Why didn't that work?”

Ashley didn’t think too highly of women who used their sex appeal for personal gain. Anything but getting laid, that was. Then again being overly judgmental wasn’t really her style either. She managed to keep the disapproval out of her voice.

“What, you trying to get out of trouble by flirting with him? Why should it work?”

“I'm wearing the most ludicrously tight outfit I have ever squeezed myself into. I did the puppy dog eyes, the hair twirl, the sexy voice... what the hell?” Incredulously.

“I take it, you have never been rejected before? You are not his type. Trust me.”

“Why? I like my body. Men like my body. You like my body. What's his problem?”

“You don't have a penis.”

“I... really?”

“My gaydar is the most precisely calibrated instrument in the universe. It has never failed me.”

“Huh.”

“I managed to land you, supposedly straight girl.”

“Point taken. Also, ‘sneaked’.”

“Huh?”

“’Snuck’ is not a word.”

“Ah, screw you.”

“I was hoping you would do that for me later.”

When they stepped out of the hotel, the entire group of girls had assembled into a double row, and were just taking off in a light jog. They pretty much paraded past their two unlucky teammates, who did their best to look glum, like if they had just been badly scolded.

“We are not alone”, Jasmine noted.

“What do you mean?”

“There are at least three other girls who also look kind of rough. And I bet they actually got wasted.”

“Are you so sure? Maybe I got up while you were asleep, and went on a grand tour of their rooms.”

Jasmine chuckled. “Showoff. No, seriously, why did he pick on us and not on them?”

“I guess they are over 21, and managed to show up on time. So what do you wanna do? A few rounds around the lake?”

“Why not, it’s a nice route. Let’s go.”

Ashley stopped Jasmine by holding her arm. “Wait. We need to pick up a few bottles of water first. You know, against dehydration. Because of our ‘hangover’.”

“Right. Hangover. Of course.”

Jasmine got her messenger bag from the room, filled it up with water bottles for the day, and off they went.

It was a beautiful fall morning, and the path around the lake was busy with bikes and people, quite a few runners among them. They had to pass the hotel’s sports area on every round, and every time Humphrey, who was sitting on the coaching bench, waved in their direction, indicating that he was indeed watching them. Other people were as well, of course. Jasmine turned quite a few heads. The rhythmic movement of their jog didn’t help. She was constantly exploding out of her top, regularly having to stuff her boobs back in. One time, an elderly man nearly feel off his mobility scooter when that happened, leaving both him and Jasmine immensely embarrassed, while Ashley watched the entire scene and got horny as hell. If it wasn’t for the strap of the bag passing over her cleavage, Jasmine would have exposed herself a dozen times already.

After their forth or sixth round, midday was approaching, and they went in for lunch. Which was also a good opportunity for getting rid of all the empty bottles they had collected over the last few hours, and picking up more water. They sat at the very end of the hotel restaurant, well away from the other girls, still playing the role of students who got into a bit of trouble and wanted to be left alone. They didn’t eat much, but they made good use of the soda fountain.

After lunch, it was out to the lake again. This time, they decided to mix it up a bit, left the shore path, and went down to the beach. Running on the sand was more difficult than it looked, and Jasmine started to breathe heavier. Ashley remembered not everyone had her stamina, and slowed down a little. She let Jasmine go in front of her, so she could set the pace. The very nice side effect was that Ashley could watch her swinging butt. Now, in the bright afternoon sun, white skin shimmered lightly through the overstretched fabric. Ashley grabbed the pants and pulled. She wanted to let it snap, but the material was already at its maximum. So she opted instead for smacking the brunette’s ass as hard as she could. All it did was hurt her hand. Off some backsides, you could bounce a quarter. Off hers, probably an anvil.

Jasmine responded by twirling around and giving Ashley a sudden shove. Ashley stumbled, fell backwards, and landed on her back. Sand splattered around.

“Uggh. Okay, I was just about to sit down anyway.”

“I bet!”

“No, really. I need to take a few minutes, to think about how nice it would be to visit here in the summer. We could go for a swim, I would drool while watching you prance around in the water in a skimpy bikini...”

“Sorry to disappoint you, but I only own practical swimwear, nothing particularly sexy.”

“Any clothing is sexy with you in it.”

Jasmine extended a hand to Ashley. When she had pulled her halfway up, she let go, dropping Ashley on her ass again. “You’re a bit of a klutz, aren’t you?”

Ashley swore as she got up on her own, this time ignoring the hand. She brushed wet sand out of her hair with her fingers. “You are going to pay for that later!”

Jasmine’s face displayed the dirtiest grin Ashley had ever seen. “Oh yes, please!”

They didn’t think to visit the bathroom first, despite the copious amounts of water they both had consumed over the day. As soon as the door of their room closed behind them, they were all over each other. Jasmine seemed to want to devour Ashley’s tongue. They stumbled across the room, pulling off each other’s clothes, frantically, desperately making out. The poor pair of yoga pants finally gave up; the overstressed threads tore, and the garment split down the middle. Ashley didn't fret about the $20 Amazon special, she was way too busy trying to deal with Jasmine’s sexual attack. In spite of the strong hands pinching her buttocks and kneading her sex, she managed to maneuver Jasmine into the correct position. She shoved the tall girl backwards so her calves hit the edge of the bed, making her fall and crash onto the mattress.

Ashley looked down at her sexy coed for a few seconds. Both girls smiled. Then Ashley suddenly threw herself at Jasmine and savagely tore into her; a lioness devouring her prey. This time, both of them were tired, and sober. It didn’t hurt one bit. If anything, it was even more explosive than the night before. After just a few minutes, Jasmine started to moan ecstatically as her body tensed up.

Ashley let her off easy. Just one little orgasm before she let go off her victim and rested her head on the amazingly mountainous chest. That counted as cuddling in her book. She was almost ready to doze off, when Jasmine spoke up. She sounded a little worried.

“I don’t feel too good about this.”

“Huh? What, was I that bad?”

“The opposite. But I just lay there and took it. Again. I didn't do anything to return the favor.”

“This is not about keeping score.”

“No, but I want you to get off, too.”

“You're sweet, but I'm getting a lot out of this. I will diddle myself to the memory of your body trembling under my fingers for a decade.”

“First, I can't decide whether that's gross or hot...”

“Why not both?”

“... and second, I still feel like a leech.”

“You need to brush up on your lesbian lingo. Correct terminology for a woman who doesn't reciprocate is 'Pillow Princess'"

Jasmine snorted. “Hah, that's good. What else would you call me?”

“'Spaghetti', probably.”

“Huh?”

“You were perfectly straight, until I got you all hot and wet.”

“I appreciate the metaphor. Let me try something here.” Jasmine wrapped her arms around Ashley, hugged her tightly, then turned around, flipping both of them over. She ended up on top, with Ashley feeling her weight bearing down on her. She was a bit surprised, but she liked it. The other girl was taller, heavier, and stronger than she was. ‘If she wanted to, she could totally have her way with me. There is nothing I could do.’ The thought exited her more than she cared to admit. It was false, of course. Ashley knew how to fight dirty. But just for the moment, she indulged in the fantasy of being completely under another woman’s control. And the surge in pressure as her filling bladder was compressed between the two of them did the rest to get her horny.

“Are you going to...”

“Shut up and let me do my thing.”

Jasmine released her bear hug, and slowly slid towards the end of the bed, until her head was at the same height as Ashley's crotch. Ashley prepared to be underwhelmed. She was dealing with an absolute beginner, after all. Newcomers were usually prone to try and tunnel their way to China, instead of focusing on the sweet spot. But she still opened her legs wide, thinking she was ready for anything. She wasn’t.

“Well, first things first, you don’t have to be overly gentle. And… hngrl ohmygod.”

Jasmine was a natural, and she wasted no time on foreplay. Without any nonsense, she went directly for the clit. There was up and down licking, circular motion, and more-or-less gentle suction. She was very enthusiastic, too, ate pussy like she was starving. Ashley closed her eyes, relaxed, and enjoyed. The gold standard she held every lover to, was her own right hand. And Jasmine measured up pretty damn well. It didn’t take long before Ashley came hard and good. A quality orgasm, no doubt.

When Ashley came back to her senses, the girl who had just given her immense pleasure was lying next to her, staring at the ceiling. They both were dead tired, should have fallen asleep right away, but Ashley’s mind was occupied with two thoughts. First, she had to piss like a racehorse. This, she knew how to ignore. Second, she was curious, and the drive to know had always been more urgent to her than any physical need. Still a little winded, she asked:

“That was great. Best I’ve come in quite some time. I thought you had never gone down on a woman. Where the hell did you learn that?”

“You are my first. Love it when my boyfriend does that. You have the same parts I do, so I just did what gets me off.”

“If he can do that, why would you leave him?”

“I didn’t.”

“Oh. He dumped you?”

“No.”

The realization sank in slowly. Now it was Ashley's time to feel bad. “Oh. Oh shit! That didn’t even occur to me. I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to… I mean, I don’t wanna intrude into...”

“Don’t mention it.”

“No, really, I’m sorry. I don’t do people in relationships.” That was a white lie. What she didn’t do was destroy relationships. She had happily screwed Coach Baye, knowing that a man in his forties would probably not abandon his wife of two decades, just because he got to stick his dick into some college thot once. She had regular fun with her roommate, but Michele was happy with her asexual boyfriend, who didn’t mind if she fulfilled her carnal needs elsewhere. But a young girl, impressionable and inexperienced with women, that spelled trouble. Actually, Jasmine was almost two years older than Ashley, but the point still stood. Jasmine didn’t see the problem, though.

“I’m cheating. So what. You couldn’t have known. It’s not your fault.”

“I should have asked. I was too damn self-absorbed. So sorry. I wanted to get into your pants so badly, and...”

“Stop apologizing, or I’m going to throw you out into the hallway. Naked. Look, who of us is in a relationship here?”

“You.”

“Right. And whose body is this?” She ran her left up and down her lanky frame for emphasis.

“Yours.”

“Consequently, who gets to decide whether I want to be faithful or not?”

Ashley really didn’t want to argue how this might very well be the boyfriend’s business, starting from something simple like risks of disease. This discussion wasn’t worth it. She gave in. “If you put it like that… philosophy major, huh?”

“Minor. Individual liberty, self-ownership… want a short talk on John Locke, John Stuart Mill, or L. Susan Brown? Or some Thomas Paine, for good measure?”

“I’ll pass. And FYI: I know my Mill and Paine very well.”

“Please tell me you’re not one of those Libertarian-until-graduation hipsters.”

“I don’t think the politics of college-aged Americans make for very good pillow talk.”

“Hey, you just screwed an aspiring political scientist. We thrive on that shit.”

Ashley snickered. The feeling of guilt had not gone away completely, but she decided that if Jasmine could be so candid about it, it was probably not worth losing any sleep over. And sleep sounded very good right now. She sun was setting anyway, sending its last rays of the day through the curtains, painting the entire room in dim red. It looked cozy, comfortable. She snuggled up to the statuesque brunette – being the big spoon to a partner so much taller was an interesting experience – and closed her eyes.

[...]

*023*2018-11-03 01:34

Ashley awoke to two very powerful sensations in her lower body. One was due to the fact that her kidneys had been busy for the past few hours. She had to pee more than ever in her life. Well, maybe not more than the one time when she had quite literally masturbated herself senseless on the bathroom floor, but close. The other sensation was that of Jasmine’s warm butt pressed firmly into her groin. She enjoyed both feelings very much.

She moved slightly, intending to rub herself on dat ass a bit, and stopped dead in her tracks as the pressure increased. The massive bulge of her swollen bladder rested on Jasmine’s lower back. The only reason their position hadn’t already squeezed the piss out of her while she slept, was the distinct S curve of the brunette’s sculpted buttocks. That was amazingly hot.

Ashley urgently needed to do something to fulfill her body’s natural need. Right now. There was no way of putting it off any longer. She wrapped her arms around Jasmine’s waist, pulled her even tighter (‘wince, groan, enjoy the pressure, don’t stop, bear it, oh yes’), placed a kiss on her neck, and then went on to gently nibble on her earlobes. She almost chipped a tooth on a stud. Jasmine started to stir, yawned, tried to stretch, and only then realized someone was holding her tight. “Hmm, good morning. What time is it?”

“I don’t know, looks like sunrise to me.”

“Don’t stop!”

“You asked me a question. I can’t gnaw on your ears and talk at the same time.”

“Then don’t answer the damn question and keep going!”

Ashley continued to nuzzle Jasmine’s neck while she slid both hands towards her crotch. And as expected, she was wet as a swamp. Ashley didn’t go slowly. They both wanted it badly, so this was not the time to be a tease. Knead, flip, rub, grind, cum. Two minutes at most. Probably some kind of record. As far as quickies went, it was a good one. Jasmine moaned and cussed into her pillow. Her muffled cries turned into an incoherent stream of terms of endearment for Ashley, and swear words to express the amount of pleasure she felt.

Ashley liked that a lot. Jasmine's convulsions drove her defined glutes hard into Ashley's bladder, dragged her butt across her clitoris. She shuddered from pain and pleasure, as she left a wet smear on the gazelle’s backside. Their juices mixed, ran down their legs, formed a large spot on the sheets. The distinct smell of sex mixed with the slightly musky aroma of two unshowered girls. This was the hottest situation Ashley had ever been in, she was stimulated beyond belief. She wanted to come, needed to come, but…

“I… oh fuck.”

She was about to lose it. No, she had already lost it. A small trickle down her inner thigh. Almost nothing compared to all the other wetness down there, but she knew that in about five seconds, the trickle would be a torrent. She started to get up, failed, because Jasmine was lying on her leg, yanked it out from under her in panic, stumbled to her feet, almost fell, and hobbled towards the bathroom, leaving a trail of drops on the hardwood floor. She made it to the door, felt the cold tiles under her feet… and collapsed. Her legs simply folded under her, as she dropped to the floor. It was over. She had only the blink of an eye left before the would make the most gigantic mess any human being had ever…

Jasmine’s face, sweaty, red and flustered from her orgasm, didn’t even register in Ashley's mind. But the buff arms around her rib cage did. Ashley was picked up quickly, heaved into the shower stall, and then she had no strength left. With a last, pained moan, she let everything erupt at once. It wasn’t a stream, it was a pressure washer, a fire hose, the damn Niagara falls. Her bladder deflated slowly, and it felt good, so good, she just had to… A single circular move on her clitoris was enough to send her off into absolute heaven. She didn’t even know whether Jasmine had touched her there, or if she had done it herself. And she didn’t care. Relief and climax combined into a delicious melange of ecstasy, as waves of raw pleasure pulsed through her body.

It took Ashley’s brain a while to return to normal processing of sensory input. She realized that she was down on the floor of the shower stall, and pleasantly warm water was beating down on her. But the ground wasn’t as hard as one might expect. In fact, she was sitting kind of comfortable. That was, of course, because she sat on Jasmine’s lap. The taller woman was cradling her in her arms, and it seemed like now it was time for her to nuzzle Ashley's neck, instead of the other way around. She enjoyed the firm embrace, and well-deserved, if unconventional, shower. When the drain started to gurgle loudly, Jasmine winced under her. The hard, round ball she felt pressing into her back, suddenly jumped to the front of Ashley's mind. Holy hell, that woman had held it for just as long, and probably drunk more than she had!

“I’m… I’m sitting on your bladder, am I not?”

“More like ‘leaning on it’. You’re sitting on my thighs. If you were actually sitting on my bladder, this would be over.”

Ashley couldn’t believe it. One and a half days of restrained piss, a long string of orgasms, water gargling all around her legs, and still holding on! “Why? Why didn’t you let go?”

Jasmine was brutally honest with herself: “Because an athlete never gives up? Because I like how it feels? Because I want you to marvel at how strong I am? Mostly the later. Truth be told, I really, really want to impress you. You are now my… um, gay sensei?”

Ashley was flattered. “That’s one hell of a compliment. Let your sensei see if you were speaking the truth.”

Without further warning, she pushed herself up just a few inches, and dropped her entire weight onto Jasmine’s bulge. The surprised woman screamed in terror, then exploded. A torrent brook gushed out from between her legs. The strong stream passed just under Ashley’s butt and hit the floor of the stall, hissing, burbling, twirling. It was so much at once, together with the downpour from the shower, the drain was overwhelmed, the water started to rise around the girls.

Ashley was indeed impressed. “Wow, that is… wow. We’ll have to measure that someday. Hey, you’re tense. Stop fighting it. Enjoy the feeling. Relax.” She felt the tension leave Jasmine’s body. The young athlete slacked a bit beneath her, and her head sunk down onto Ashley’s shoulder from behind.

“That’s more like it. Embrace it. You deserve a break.”

Jasmine peed, and peed, and when the foaming mixture of water and urine had risen to cover her legs, and almost reached Ashley’s behind, she was finally empty and her stream subsided. She sighed.

“That felt amazing.”

“I know.”

With the drain just having to take in what came from the shower head, the water line dropped quickly. The girls remained seated under the hot shower, relaxing, snuggling, enjoying the comfort of each other’s body.

After a few minutes, Jasmine spoke up. “Wow. Nice start into the day, huh?”

Ashley laughed. “The best. Nothing beats morning sex.”

Jasmine bit her lip. “I hate to repeat myself, but what time is it? The bus leaves at nine. I don’t want to keep anybody waiting. If the others have to stand around with their thumb up their ass, because we are literally fucking around...”

“Well, you could just go and check the time.”

“No, with you on top of me I can’t.”

“Okay, okay, point taken, I’ll move.” Ashley grunted as she got up to shut off the water. Her knees snapped and popped. “Ugh. I feel like an old woman. Dammit girl, sex with you is exhausting.” She got herself semi-dry, then playfully threw the towel at Jasmine. “Here. Even though I don’t see you ever getting dry in certain places, you horny little nympho.”

Jasmine toweled herself off, while Ashley went looking for her phone. She finally recovered it from the pile of clothes on the floor, where it had dropped when they had hastily undressed each other the night before.

“Jaz? I’ve got the time.”

“Please don’t call me that. I like my whole name.”

“Haha. Except for your actual first name, huh? It’s just past seven. You know what that means?”

“We don’t have to hurry while packing, and are not going to be late for the bus?”

“Yeah, that too. It also means we have time for breakfast, because I am famished.”

Jasmine stepped out of the bathroom, still stark naked, while Ashley had already thrown on a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt and was trying to force her rebellious hair into something resembling a simple bun.

“Ash, wait, I’ve got to show you something.”

“Hwhaff?”, Ashley asked through a mouthful of bobby pins.

Jasmine produced her sketch block and started flipping through it. Ashley caught a glimpse of various pencil sketches, mostly of inanimate objects, and mostly pretty good. The few pictures of people she spotted were caricatures of the type you could get done for a few bucks at a carnival. Jasmine seemed to prefer a funny, semi-realistic style for portraits. With the eye of a skilled artist, she had picked a few distinctive features of each person, and exaggerated them. People turned into big-headed, lighthearted and very recognizable parodies of themselves.

There was Cynthia, portrayed as hyperactive little thing with motion blur from nervously wiggling around. Coach Baye, even taller and skinnier than in real life, laden down with no more than five stopwatches and an entire backpack full of clipboards. A muscular white dude (‘Her boyfriend?’, Ashley wondered) who obviously loved technology. Jasmine had drawn him with a smartwatch on each wrist, and holding both a laptop and a phone, while walking into a wall he couldn’t see because of his VR glasses.

“Wow. These are amazing. You should do political cartoons for a newspaper, or something like that.”

“Do newspapers still exists? Never mind. Uh, I mean, thanks, but what I wanted you to see are these. This is everything I’ve drawn over the course of this semester.”

She thumbed to the last few pages. All of the drawings on there were caricatures of Ashley; easily identified by activewear, bushy hair, and carrying a coffee cup the size of her head to outline her caffeine addiction (she realized that she hadn’t thought about coffee in three days; sex with Jasmine proved to be excellent replacement therapy). And all the pictures vastly exaggerated the features of her body. Nipples poking through tops, outline of her crotch showing through her pants, and a figure to make Jessica Rabbit green with envy. On every single one of them.

“Huh. Those are the most sexualized depictions of me I have ever seen. I kinda like it.”

Ashley looked up and could see Jasmine had turned beet red again.

“Re-Really? You like it? You don’t think it’s creepy to draw something like that?”

“No. It would be creepy if you showed them to anybody without asking me first. If they are just for your personal use..:” – Jasmine looked away, deeply embarrassed, indicating what ‘personal use’ of these pictures had entailed for her – “… I don’t see anything wrong with that.”

“I… I just wanted you to know...” Jasmine swallowed. “… just wanted you to know, it’s not a clear-cut case of you seducing me. I wanted you for months, since the road run. I’ve fantasized about you for many sleepless nights, but never worked up the courage to actually do something about it. So, if you still feel guilty for not checking if I was taken…the blame is definitely not on you.”

Ashley closed the sketch book and placed a gentle kiss on Jasmine’s forehead. “Embarrassing yourself to make your booty call feel better, that takes a strong character. Thank you for showing me this.”

Jasmine seemed relieved. “Thank you for not being offended by my pictures. And speaking of ‘booty call’... it’s all just sex for you, right? You’re not going to get all romantic and emotional?”

Ashley shook her head. “I have no interest in that. Don’t get me wrong, I like you, I think we’ll be good friends, but...”

Jasmine interrupted. “No problem, that’s exactly what I’m aiming for. Not strings attached. I really don’t need any drama. Let’s just go with what makes us feel good.”

“Oh I will make you feel good!”

“I have no doubts about that.”

The girls had kept things low-key. They had left a big tip for the maid, as compensation for their mixed juices on the sheets, and the droplets of pee that were all over the entire bathroom. They had sat next to each other on the bus, and chatted about harmless gossip, but avoided any public display of affection. When the bus had finally arrived at campus, this time at the larger parking lot at the stadium, they had said goodbye with a quick hug. Chaste enough, just a gesture between two teammates who had shared a room for two nights. No one had seen that Jasmine had sneakily squeezed Ashley’s buttocks, and whispered ‘I’ll call you.’ into her ear.

Ashley had taken off to check on Cynthia, and found her in her dorm, arm in a cast, beating a bunch of frat boys at video games, despite only having one fully working hand at her disposal. She would be fine.

Ashley didn’t really feel like doing anything, so she had spend the next few days mostly at her desk or in bed, watching movies, surfing the web, marginally preparing for the coming semester, sleeping in, occasionally leaving the room to work out, or grab a bite to eat. She had these phases from time to time, and allowed herself the luxury of being unproductive. She was an overachiever, and could totally afford not to bury her nose in the books every waking moment. She was basically just waiting for classes to start, or Jasmine to call.

And Jasmine did call. To reveal something that brought back the crushing guilt, and made Ashley feel like the biggest douchebag in the history of ill-advised hookups. She almost dropped her phone when Jasmine broke the news.

“WHAT?!?”

“Yes. Yesterday. Went pretty smoothly. That’s the upside of not living together, I guess.”

“Because of me?”

Jasmine almost got angry. “This again. For fucks sake, not your fault, never your fault! I screwed a girl while I was away, he screwed a girl while was away, we ended it amicably, end of story. I’m not a super-clingy or romantic person. Neither is he. We are fine.”

“Really?”

“Yes, really. But just to stop me from getting overly emotional, there is something you could do to help me out.”

“Anything. What is it?”

“Me.”

A week later, on a nice Friday evening, Jasmine and Ashley were sitting on the low wall at the street corner opposite Martha’s Pavilion, trying to look relaxed as their bladders filled. Ashley had pointed out that they would be sitting inside of what had to be one of the last remaining lesbian bars on the East Coast, if Jasmine wasn’t the only college student in existence without a fake ID. Jasmine had been genuinely unimpressed by that, explaining that she would be 21 in a month anyway, so why bother. Also, they both were so obviously straining to hold back their floods, they would probably not have been able to hide their need from a large group of women.

So the bursting girls just sat on the wall, fidgeting, watching the bustling activity across the street. It was a warm night. Summer had returned for a day, like it often did around this time of year. The beautiful weather had brought the bar staff to open the large glass doors wide, and most of the patrons were nursing their drinks out on the patio. The bar was located just off campus, and had a pretty mixed, if almost exclusively female, audience. Older college students mingled with locals from the surrounding towns. A few women even came here from as far as Boston, just because places like these were getting rare in New England altogether. Ashley quite liked it. An audience of mostly queer folk, good music (the owner had a preference for classic rock, which suited Ashley just fine), a wide selection of beer on tap, and staff who pretended not to notice that the photo on her driving license wasn’t her.

She placed a hand on Jasmine's bare thigh and played with the hem of her dress. “Like what you see?”

“Yes.”

“Welcome to Team Bisexual. You’ll get your membership card in the mail. And make sure to check out our monthly coupon offerings on skinny soy latte and STD tests. Now that you are one of us, how many girls do you plan on sleeping with in your first year?”

“I don’t know. How many are there?”

“Hah! Wannabe thot.”

“Why not ‘wannabe stud’?”

Ashley stuck out her tongue. “As if. Be a little careful, though. You’re about to enter a universe where your exes are everywhere, and everyone in your social circle likes to kiss and tell. Which is fine if all you’re looking for is casual sex, just be aware that there are very few secrets.”

“Noted. And where exactly would I go looking for casual fun over there?”

Ashley pointed across the street. “See the cute butchy Asian in the standard lesbian uniform?”

“What is that supposed to… oh.”

Black skinny jeans, plaid shirt, sneakers, beanie hat. Lesbian uniform indeed. Stereotypical, but it didn’t look half bad on the small woman. “Yes. What about her?”

“That’s Lauren. Not her real name, I think. Best oral sex on planet Earth. How old would you guess she is?”

Jasmine shrugged. “Hard to tell at the distance. Thirty?”

“More like forty, but I find that hard to believe myself, even from up close. She likes them young and innocent. If you ever feel like lying back and letting someone else do all the work, speak to her. Tell her you are inexperienced, but have heard rumors about her prowess, and would like to see for yourself. She loves that shit.”

“Is she that good?”

“She’s basically an orgasm technician. She’ll have you screaming out your lungs until you’re ready to pass out, then cuddle you to sleep. Next morning, she’ll make you a kick-ass omelet. But only for you, she eats other stuff for breakfast.”

“Like what?”

“You.”

“Hey, that’s my joke! I made it on the phone the other day. Don’t steal it!”

“It’s hardly a joke. More like a little bit of groan-worthy wordplay. And that’s my department, not yours.”

The entire scene was suddenly stolen by the next woman who came out onto the porch, holding a beer, idly chatting with the whole entourage of younger girls surrounding her. A slender, towering blonde who had stylishly combined a floral summer dress with heavy combat boots. She certainly left an impression. Not only on the other women surrounding her, but on Jasmine as well. “Who is that?”

Ashley frowned. “Sandra. I would stay away from her, if I were you.”

“Why? She’s pretty.”

“Yes. And because she’s gorgeous, she thinks she can have any girl she wants. Buys you one drink, and suddenly has a right to your body. Gets handsy, way too kissy way too fast, and doesn’t understand the meaning of ‘no’. A creep in the body of a runway model is still a creep.”

“And it looks like she has spotted us. She’s giving you the stink eye.”

“Yeah, she doesn’t like me much. I punched her in the face.”

“What for?”

“I have a very low tolerance for sexual predators. Like I said, she has trouble understanding the meaning of ‘no’. So I used a form of expression that got my point across. Her perfect little button nose isn’t so symmetrical anymore.”

“I would have taken you for someone who actually likes being aggressively pursued.”

“Yes, I would have gone home with her anytime. I just didn’t take lightly to her taking advantage of a drunk girl, who obviously didn’t want to.”

“Hm...” Jasmine slowly shook her head, musing on her thoughts. Ashley wanted to know what she was thinking. “Spit it out.”

“Well, it’s depressing, thinking she would do something like that. I mean, I knew in theory that sexual violence between women is a thing, but I never thought I would witness it that close myself. On the other hand...”

“Yeah?”

“You being all chivalrous, defending a helpless maiden, punching a would-be rapist and shit… that’s kinda hot.”

“The princess donned the shining armor herself, and rode to the rescue of the other princess. Only that the bad guy trying to steal her was also a princess. Or something. Pretty fucked-up fairytale.”

Jasmine giggled. “Yes, something like that. Not more fucked-up than the idea of two abandoned children burning an old woman in her own oven. Or...”

Ashley groaned, hunched over, and jammed two hands into her crotch, as her bladder cramped. She won the fight, but then she needed a few seconds to compose herself and straighten up again.

“That was close. Lost a few drops.” There was pain and excitement in her voice.

Jasmine appeared eager as well. “Are you ready?” She didn’t even wait for an answer before jumping to her feet, pulling Ashley off the wall, and starting to lead her by the hand towards the dorm buildings.

Ashley tried to go for one of her usual Hollywood clichés. “I was...”

Jasmine would have none of it. “You and your fucking one-liners. If you say ‘I was born ready’, I will beat your ass!”

“And that promise is supposed to discourage me – how?”

###

This concludes this Ashley Adventure. We will hear more from her in the future.

Many thanks again to @sirrliv

, who devised this chapter (though I have strayed from his original idea quite a bit), and to @holditin

, whose story A Policewoman Piss planted the mental image of two women making out on the toilet firmly in my head.
