Discovery and Desperation – A DDLC Story

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2022-11-28 04:40

Yuri wound up holding it through to the end of the day.

As she predicted, holding it through her next class hadn’t been an issue. She could definitely feel her bladder filling up, and she found it harder and harder to completely ignore her need to pee, but it wasn’t anything she considered urgent. Yuri considered making a trip to the restroom after that class, but her split focus on the lesson and holding it had actually made the time go by faster, and she justified holding it through the next class to make it go by quickly as well.

The next class hadn’t been quite so easy. She managed to get halfway through before her bladder really started nagging her. Rather than making the class go by faster, she found it dragging on as the urgency built up towards the end. When the class ended, she found herself getting up and walking all the way to the restrooms, with the full intention of going. However, once Yuri got there, two things gave her pause. The first was that all the stalls were occupied, and the second was that Natsuki was in line, bobbing up and down impatiently and gritting her teeth as she waited for one of the stalls to open up.

“Oh… hurry up hurry up hurry up! I’m gonna leak!” Natsuki muttered out loud, taking a brief moment to buckle her knees and jam a hand between her legs. Clearly she was pretty desperate.

The second Yuri saw her, she tucked back behind the wall dividing the open entrance to the restroom from the main hall before Natsuki could notice her. After the slumber party and what happened yesterday, Yuri wasn’t ready to have a one-on-one conversation with Natsuki about anything pee-related right now.

Yuri found herself returning to the classroom, her full bladder nagging her the whole way back. Yet rather than being frustrated, Yuri felt excited. Yesterday she had been practically bursting by her last class, but while she definitely needed to pee this time, she didn’t feel worried about not being able to make it.

Indeed, by the time the bell rang, Yuri was desperate, but not quite bursting, and part of her felt proud that she had made progress, even though she hadn’t even intended to hold it today.

“But you haven’t made progress. I mean, you still need to hold it through club, right?”

The voice in the back of her mind chimed in again, and Yuri found herself once again tempted by the thought of holding it. Sure, she was desperate, but it wasn’t as bad as yesterday. She could hold it at least until she got to the cafe. She might even be able to hold it until they got to the park. It would be a challenge. Surely by then Yuri would be bursting, and she would have to hide her desperation from the others, but she couldn’t help being excited by the idea.

Suddenly, however, Yuri’s bladder spasmed, and she doubled over, squeezing her thighs together. She could feel her pee trying to force its way out, threatening a leak that took all of Yuri’s focus to prevent. The sudden wave had brought her out of her daze. She came to her senses and shook her head.

N-no, I wasn’t supposed to hold it today. I should just go normally before we head out.

Yuri walked down the hall towards the restroom and entered. Now that she was in front of the stalls, her bladder spasmed again, and she hurriedly entered the nearest one. In one swift motion, she locked the door, pulled down her panties, and sat down on the toilet. Not a moment later, she was peeing full force into the toilet bowl, finally relieving her swollen bladder of its burden.

Yuri tried to savor the relief, but even though finally being able to pee felt quite good, Yuri felt a strong sense of disappointment. It was almost anticlimactic. She was just… peeing normally. She hadn’t really pushed herself to her limits. She had been desperate, but all she could think about was how much longer she could’ve held it. After her pushing herself further and further over the past few days, peeing like this just felt empty.

Yuri shook her head. She wasn’t supposed to enjoy peeing. It was just a bodily function. She didn’t know why she kept having these strange thoughts about it, but as she cleaned herself up and left the stall, making her way over to the sinks to wash her hands, she looked at herself in the mirror.

What’s wrong with me? Why do I keep thinking about these things?

Her cheeks were flushed and she felt hot and bothered, so she splashed cold water on her face and wiped it off with a paper towel. She let out a sigh and left the restroom, just as she felt her phone vibrate. She pulled it out and looked down. It was Monika.

“I forgot to let you know yesterday, but we’re meeting up at the front of the school before we head out. Me and Sayori are already here!”

“On my way,” Yuri typed out. She should focus on enjoying her time with everyone at the cafe.

It didn’t take Yuri long to reach the front of the school, and she wound up being the last person to arrive, with Natsuki apparently having gotten there before her. She was already talking to Sayori, who smiled widely as Yuri approached.

“You’re here! I hope you’re feeling better from yesterday!” Sayori spoke genuinely as she waved.

“Y-yeah, I am,” Yuri forced a smile and waved back. She thought she caught a sideways glance from Monika, but when she looked over, Monika was simply smiling at her.

“Well, now that you’re here, we can get going!”

The four set out, exiting the front gate of the school and began walking towards the town. As the four talked idly about the club, and poetry, and upcoming school events, Yuri’s mind couldn’t help but be drawn back to what the walk would’ve been like if she hadn’t gone to the restrooms first. She would be bursting, squirming as she forced herself to walk calmly to not tip anything off. Her bladder would be screaming at her as she resisted the urge to hold herself. She would constantly be measuring the time between their current location and the cafe in her mind, wondering if she would make it.

Yuri shook her head. She shouldn’t be thinking about it. She peed, her bladder was empty, and she wanted to get her mind away from all these strange thoughts in general. She instead turned her attention to everyone. Monika was in the front, leading the way much like she always did. She strode forward with confident steps, her ponytail bobbing and swaying as she turned her head back occasionally to talk to everyone.

Natsuki walked along calmly, taking quicker steps due to her shorter stature, but otherwise smiling and just looking happy to be spending time with all of them outside of school, even though this was technically still a club activity.

Sayori was walking awkwardly, and Yuri picked up on her stiff movements. She was smiling along with the rest, but she was taking smaller steps and shuffling awkwardly. Yuri immediately wondered if she had to use the bathroom, but she quickly pushed the idea from her mind. She was projecting again. She berated herself for letting her mind once again wander back to the subject of desperation and tried to join in on the conversation, or at least pay attention to it so she could chime in.

The walk to the cafe wound up taking about twenty minutes, but that was less to do with the distance between the cafe and the school, and more to do with their idle, relaxed pace. During the walk, Yuri tried her best not to focus on Sayori, but she really did seem like she was uncomfortable, shuffling awkwardly and rubbing her thighs together. Yuri tried to convince herself it was nothing, but the more and more she watched Sayori, she was sure she had to pee.

The four entered the cafe and were immediately guided to a booth with a table. Yuri wound up taking one of the seats closest towards the window, and Monika took the seat across from her. Sayori took the seat next to Yuri, and Natsuki wound up sitting next to Monika.

“Here’s our menu!” the waitress who had seated them pulled out four elegant-looking menus, handing one to each girl, “I’ll give you a moment to look over our selection, and I’ll be back shortly to take your orders!”

The cafe had the standard assortment of coffees, teas, and cute cakes and pastries one would expect, so Yuri was quickly able to figure out what she wanted. She then cast a glance to her side at Sayori. She was rubbing her knees together as she moved her legs up and down, looking as uncomfortable, if not moreso, as she had on the walk. However, despite having the aisle seat and being able to get up at any point, Sayori merely sat there.

Maybe she’s waiting to place her order before using the restroom?

While Yuri once again tried to push the thoughts of Sayori’s potential desperation to the back of her mind, Monika spoke up, and Yuri turned her attention to the conversation.

“Well, I’ve decided what I want! It’s so hard, though. Everything looks so good!”

“Yeah,” Natsuki smiled, “The cakes here are so cute, and there’s so many good drinks to choose from! I’m still not sure if I want a cup of tea, or if I want to go for one of the sundaes!”

“I know what I’m getting! A big coffee, and some donuts!” Sayori smiled, though her voice did sound a little strained. If anyone else picked up on it, no one mentioned anything.

“Oh, a big coffee, huh?” Natsuki smirked at Sayori, and Yuri picked up a strange tone, like she was hinting at something. Glancing next to her, Yuri could’ve sworn Sayori’s cheeks grew redder.

The waitress came back and took their orders, and Yuri half-expected Sayori to get up and rush to the bathroom as soon as she left, but instead, Sayori continued to sit stiffly next to her, unable to keep her legs still. Yuri was confused. It definitely seemed like Sayori had to pee, but she didn’t seem at all eager to head to the bathroom. Come to think of it, Natsuki had been holding it yesterday, and there didn’t seem to be a reason for that either.

Then again, perhaps Yuri was just imagining things, or projecting her strange thoughts onto Sayori.

Something’s really wrong with me. I really need to stop thinking about this kind of stuff. It’s becoming an obsession…

Yuri let out a sigh, and immediately stifled it when she noticed Monika glance over directly at her. She tried to play it off as a yawn, but she wasn’t sure how convincing she was about it. Still, Monika didn’t bring it up, instead turning to the girls and talking about ideas for club activities.

When their food and drinks arrived, Yuri immediately took a sip of her tea and felt a twinge from her bladder. She looked down in surprise. She had just gone earlier, so why was she already feeling the urge to pee again? Yuri had noticed that often her bladder would fill up the second time around after a long hold, and perhaps it was also her bladder and muscles being tired after holding it in so long. Still, she didn’t think that would happen so quickly. Had she not fully emptied herself earlier? Yuri was sure she had peed until she was empty, but it was possible she hadn’t taken the time to squeeze all of it out.

She felt the booth shake, jostling her out of her thoughts on her bladder. Sayori was shaking her leg up and down, moving the booth ever so slightly. Yuri looked over at her and Sayori blushed, stopping after squeezing her thighs together. Yuri was sure she wasn’t just projecting anymore. Sayori was definitely holding it.

“It’s nice to hang out outside of school, isn’t it!” Monika smiled, “I mean, don’t get me wrong, club is really fun and all, but sometimes it’s nice to not be in a school setting. Like the other night, with the sleepover!”

“Well, I wouldn’t call that a nice experience, considering what happened,” Yuri pointed out.

Yuri could’ve sworn she saw Monika frown as though she were disappointed with her response, but immediately her expression softened and she shot Yuri an apologetic gaze, “I do guess things kind of got a bit out of hand, huh?”

“W-well, at least it was at my house, and not somewhere way more embarrassing, like at school or in public,” Sayori pointed out.

“That’s true,” Natsuki admitted, “It’d be like, way more embarrassing if we wet ourselves here or something.”

“Oh, speaking of, the other day I nearly did,” Monika admitted, “It’s a little embarrassing, but I was doing paperwork for club between my classes, and I didn’t realize how bad I had to pee until my last class. It just started, too, and I really, really had to go! I was sure I wasn’t gonna make it to the end of class, so I wound up asking, but our teacher was really strict and told me to hold it. She wouldn’t even give me a break, either. She called me up to the board twice, even knowing I really had to go. I was really struggling, but I somehow managed to make it to the end. I’ve never run to the bathroom so fast before. I barely made it.”

“Wow, that sounds super embarrassing,” Sayori replied, “Sorry the teacher wouldn’t let you go.”

“Oh yeah, it’s that bitchy math teacher, right?” Natsuki asked, “I can’t believe she’s allowed to do that to students.”

“What about you guys?” Monika asked, “Any close calls?”

“No, not that I can remember, anyway,” Natsuki replied, perhaps a little too quickly. Yuri tried to avoid looking over at her. She knew Natsuki was lying, if her encounter with her in the bathroom yesterday, or even earlier today, was any indication.

“I… I have,” Sayori admitted, “Well, it was more like, I thought I could make it home the other day, since my house isn’t too far away from the school, but I already had to go pretty bad by the end of my last class, and halfway through my walk home, I didn’t think I’d make it, but I didn’t have anywhere to go, so I tried to hold it as best as I could. I wound up leaking a bunch, but I mostly made it.”

“Oh geez,” Monika frowned, “I’m sorry.”

“At that point, I would’ve pissed in a bush or something. Sure it’s embarrassing, but it’s better than wetting yourself, right?”

Sayori shuffled awkwardly, and from her perspective Yuri could see Sayori rubbing her thighs together yet again.

“Maybe you just really wanted to hold it for as long as possible,” Monika smiled, and Sayori sputtered.

“T-that’s, I mean, I wasn’t…. I wouldn’t hold it on purpose like that!”

Yuri narrowed her eyes at Sayori’s denial, especially given her less than subtle desperation sitting next to her in the booth. Though beyond that was Monika bringing up holding it on purpose. It struck close to home considering what Yuri had been doing the past week. This discussion was doing nothing to help get Yuri’s mind off of her weird thoughts.

“Oh no, I just meant, you know,” Monika scratched the back of her head, “Like, you just really wanted to make it home! S-sorry you didn’t actually make it.”

“Y-yeah,” Sayori sipped idly at her coffee, forcing a smile, “It’s f-fine, though! Like I said, I mostly made it! And it was my fault, too, I should’ve just gone before walking home, hehehe!”

The four fell quiet as they turned their attention back to their food and drinks, and Yuri polished off her tea. She squeezed her thighs together as her bladder sent another nagging symbol. Her bladder was really filling up fast the second time.

Still, she wasn’t anywhere near as desperate as Sayori. The poor girl was shuffling stiffly, her face tense and sweat dripping from her brow as she clearly fought against her bodily urges. Yuri glanced around to see if Sayori’s decision to keep holding it was because the bathrooms were hard to find, but she very quickly located a sign pointing to the restrooms, so that couldn’t be it. The only other thing Yuri could think of was that this was self-imposed.

Yuri was surprised by that, but then again, hadn’t she also been engaging in self-imposed restrictions on when she could pee?

“What about you, Yuri?” Monika finally asked, breaking the silence.

“Huh?”

“I mean, any close calls in recent memory?” Monika asked.

“N-no,” Yuri lied. She wasn’t about to mention her self-imposed holding, or her pushing herself to her limit yesterday in club.

“Are you sure, not even one?” Monika pressed, “I mean, it’s normal to get caught out not being able to go to the bathroom from time to time. Or realizing you have to pee and thinking you can hold it a bit longer or make it through a class, or something.”

Yuri caught Monika’s gaze, and any half-hearted words of denial died in her throat. There was that odd quality about them. Intrigue mixed with something Yuri couldn’t quite place. Scrutinizing, analyzing, yet not judging. Yuri couldn’t help but look away before finally responding.

“S-sorry, I don’t have any stories to share.”

Monika looked like she was about to press on further, but thankfully she seemed to read the mood of the situation and dropped her inquiry. Despite Monika’s focus no longer being on Yuri, she could only feel her heart pounding in her ears. Worse still, not only had all this talk about holding and peeing only muddied Yuri’s thoughts and kept her focused on a subject she’d much rather avoid, but it had kept her attention on her filling bladder. Yuri briefly considered heading to the bathroom, but that would involve asking Sayori to move, and it looked like they would be leaving soon anyway.

Instead, Yuri finished up her cake, as did everyone else in the group. Soon, Sayori was the only one with anything left, having finished her donuts, but leaving her coffee half-full. Yuri could only guess why she was hesitant to drink more, seeing as her thinly veiled desperation had only gotten more intense.

“Sorry for being so slow,” Sayori apologized, her voice clearly strained.

“Oh, no worries, I’m sure everyone’s fine with-” Monika began.

Before she could finish, Sayori brought the coffee to her lips and quickly chugged the rest down in one go. Above the table she was barely able to keep her composure, but from Yuri’s vantage point, she could see Sayori jam a hand between her legs as she pressed her thighs together tightly. Her feet were wriggling as though she were regretting her decision, and the second she placed the empty cup down, she brought her other hand down to rub her abdomen.

“You didn’t have to do that,” Yuri pointed out.

“O-oh no, it’s fine!” Sayori smiled stiffly, “Anyway, we were going to the park after, right?”

The four paid their bills separately and Yuri was sure Sayori would use the bathroom before leaving the cafe, but instead she followed the other three out of the cafe, and they set off towards the park.

It was super evident to Yuri that Sayori had to pee. She would stop and squeeze her thighs together every few meters, and her movements were becoming more stilted and frantic. She seemed more out of breath than the others and beads of sweat were pooling on her forehead, despite them walking at a relaxed pace. Yuri also caught her openly grabbing her crotch from time to time, and Yuri was starting to wonder if the others had noticed by now.

Yuri’s own urge was definitely growing, and walking was starting to become uncomfortable. Her tired bladder muscles seemed less than eager to hold any amount of pee after she had wound up holding it all day, so despite knowing there was no way her bladder was as full as before, Yuri was starting to feel quite full.

By the time they all got to the park, Sayori looked like she was at her limit.

“H-hey, sorry, guys, I gotta go to the bathroom real quick,” Sayori admitted after all this time.

“Yeah, we could tell,” Natsuki crossed her arms and smirked. Monika merely nodded as well.

“A-ah, you’re so mean, was it really that obvious?”

Sayori then doubled over as she clamped down on her crotch, biting her lip and squeezing her eyes shut as she hopped from foot to foot, “Actually nevermind, I really gotta go!”

“I’ll go too,” Yuri took the opportunity to empty out her bladder again. She wasn’t desperate, but she was feeling uncomfortably full.

Natsuki and Monika gave silent nods, and Sayori practically rushed off as Yuri turned around to follow. She watched from behind as Sayori desperately hobbled towards the park bathrooms. Unfortunately, they were all the way in the back, and now that Sayori had admitted her desperation to everyone, she was shamelessly doubled over, both hands jammed between her legs, as though she were physically holding the pent up flood inside of her. She groaned and moaned in desperation as she made her way forwards, and they finally reached the bathrooms.

Sayori let out a gasp and practically barreled into the bathroom first, with Yuri calmly following behind her. Sayori dove for the nearest stall but stopped short, moaning. She danced in place desperately and grasped at her crotch tightly with both hands. She was doubled over and Yuri could see her legs shaking in a vain effort to hold it just a few moments longer, but in the end, Sayori lost the fight.

Her bladder exploded. A loud stream of hot piss shot out between Sayori’s legs like she was barely wearing any panties. Sayori’s legs buckled and she braced herself against the stall as she pissed full-force onto the bathroom floor. Yuri watched, mesmerized, as her puddle grew out beneath her and spread in an uneven pattern across the floor, spreading faster across the grout cracks between the hard tiles. By the time Sayori finished, Yuri had to step back to avoid getting her shoes wet.

“S-sorry, Yuri,” Sayori apologized, blushing, “I… I really couldn’t hold it another second, I really had to go.”

“It’s okay,” Yuri nodded.

“Could you go and tell the others? I’ll be a bit cleaning up here…” Sayori asked, “Oh wait, you had to go too, right? You’ll have to step around the puddle, but-”

“It’s fine, I don’t have to go that bad,” Yuri replied, though her bladder sent her a wave of protest, “I’ll go tell the others.”

Yuri left the bathroom and spotted Natsuki and Monika sitting under a covered picnic table. She made her way over to her and scratched her arm awkwardly.

“Um… Sayori didn’t exactly make it, so,” Yuri paused, trying to word things gently, “She needs to clean up…”

“Oh dear,” Monika replied.

“I’ll go check on her,” Natsuki offered.

Yuri wasn’t sure whether to stop Natsuki or not, but she was already headed to the bathrooms, leaving Monika and Yuri alone. The two sat there in silence, with Yuri shuffling slightly. She wasn’t sure if it was the thought of going to the bathroom and then not getting to pee, or if it was the accident she just witnessed, but Yuri’s urge had only grown, and she was now getting pretty desperate.

“H-hey, Yuri,” Monika began, “Did… did you go yet?”

“N-no,” Yuri admitted. She wanted to leave it at that, but part of her was curious why Monika had asked, “W-why?”

“N-no reason, just curious,” Monika answered. She paused for a few more moments before adding, “Um, how bad do you need to go?”

Yuri blushed, “It’s… urgent, but I can hold it until they’re done.”

Yuri looked over Monika’s face. She was watching Yuri intently, her cheeks flushed. Yuri could swear Monika’s breathing was heavier than normal, and it looked like she was leaning in closer.

“Hey, Yuri,” Monika began, “why were you holding it yesterday during club?”

“H-huh?” Yuri blushed.

“I noticed yesterday,” Monika pointed out, “Yesterday, you, and Natsuki too, I think, were holding it. You both ran off to the bathroom in the middle of the meeting, too.”

“I… well, I just didn’t get to go-”

“Yuri,” Monika pressed a finger against Yuri’s lips, “I know where your classroom is. You pass right by the bathrooms before getting to the club room. Do…Do you like holding it, Yuri?”

“W-what?” Yuri asked, “Nononono! No way!”

“Yuri, we’re friends, you can be open and honest with me, I won’t judge you,” Monika smiled, “I’m also kind of into it. Ever since the sleepover, I’ve been fantasizing about it. Holding it. Other girls holding it. Getting really desperate, until they can’t hold it anymore, and… watching them have an accident.”

Yuri stared at Monika, wide-eyed. She couldn’t believe Monika was openly admitting this to her, but more than that, she had also been having feelings and thoughts about this. Is that what they were, fantasies? Was she fantasizing about holding it?

Yuri felt her heart racing in her chest. Monika was extremely close. Her bladder spasmed, but Yuri barely noticed. All she could focus on was Monika’s emerald eyes, gazing into hers intently, her glossy lips, barely parted in an expectant expression.

“I… There’s no way I…”

“There’s no way you’re into it?” Monika prodded, “How about this, Yuri. Hold it. For the rest of our time at the park here. When the others get back, you can go to the bathroom and pretend to go, and then come back while still holding it. I’ll be holding it too, I have to pee right now too.”

Monika made a show of shuffling her legs a bit before turning back to Yuri. She was growing even gloser, almost whispering to Yuri with their faces centimeters apart.

“Hold it for me, Yuri, and then tell me you truly don’t like it.”

Yuri blushed bright red. All she could focus on was Monika’s closeness. Her eager, emerald eyes gazing expectantly at her. Suddenly Yuri realized what that glint in Monika’s gaze was that she couldn’t place. Desire. Yuri felt her throat dry up, and she swallowed, unable to formulate a response.

“We’re back, sorry!” Sayori called.

Monika quickly pulled away, and the two turned to Sayori and Natsuki. Sayori was still wearing her school uniform’s top, but now she was wearing a pair of tight-fitting pink gym shorts with white trim. They definitely stood out and clashed with the uniform, so presumably Sayori’s skirt was unsalvageable.

“Sayori totally brought a change of clothes. If I didn’t know any better, you planned this!” Natsuki replied.

“N-no, of course not!” Sayori frowned, “I’m only carrying them around because of the close call earlier this week!”

It wasn’t convincing, though, and given how long she had been holding it despite the bathrooms at the cafe, Yuri had her suspicions that the accident might have also been part of the plan, or at least an expected outcome of her hold.

Yuri stood up, still feeling embarrassed about her earlier encounter with Monika. She cleared her throat and nodded, “I need to go, I’ll be right back…”

Yuri refused to meet Monika’s gaze and made her way back to the bathroom quickly. Her bladder was starting to really nag her by this point, and especially after what Monika and her had talked about, she was really feeling the urge to pee.

Suddenly, however, her phone buzzed, and she knew exactly who it was. She looked down to confirm that Monika had sent her a text.

“Yuri…. Will you hold it for me?”

Monika’s voice from earlier echoed in her mind.

“Hold it for me, Yuri, and then tell me you don’t like it.”

Yuri shuffled in place, gazing at the stall. She was tempted to pee right there, and forget Monika had ever said anything, but part of her was excited, curious as to what would happen if she indulged Monika. Another part of her was terrified. If she did, what would she find out about herself? She looked at one of the open stalls, the toilet calling out to her as her bladder swelled with pent up urine. Would she go? Would she hold it? Would she enjoy holding it?

With her heart racing, she sent a simple “ok” and exited the bathroom without relieving herself. When she returned to the others, she lied and said that she went, but she made eye-contact with Monika, who gave a sweet, teasing smile in return.

Yuri had been holding it on her own all week since the sleepover, and yet nothing prepared her for holding it while knowing Monika knew she was desperate. She felt like her every squirm, her every wriggle, her every desperate squeeze was being scrutinized by Monika. She would meet Monika’s gaze and her bladder would almost spasm involuntarily. Yuri at first thought it should be embarrassing-- mortifying even. But it wasn’t.

Her heart was racing, she was excited. She was more than excited. Much like yesterday when she couldn’t hold herself back after relieving herself, she found herself aroused. She was sure her face was flushed as she tried to both hold it in and push down the urge to touch herself. She wasn’t sure at all why she was feeling like this.

Moreover, she also knew Monika was holding it in too. That only made Yuri’s heart race more. When she noticed that Natsuki yesterday or Sayori earlier today had been holding it, it had only been an assumption that was only confirmed after the fact by their desperate dashes to the bathroom. This time, however, Yuri knew from the start. She knew Monika was holding it, and she knew she was doing it on purpose. Every wriggle, ever shake, every time Monika’s hand slipped closer to her crotch, resisting the temptation to grab herself openly, Yuri’s heart fluttered.

By the time everyone decided it was time to call it a night, Yuri was panting both out of desperation, and just from how flustered she was. Natsuki and Sayori both headed home, and the second they were gone, Yuri turned to Monika.

“I… I can’t hold it anymore.”

“You really did hold it…” Monika replied, almost in awe.

“I… I don’t know why, I just…” Yuri paused, knees buckling as she allowed herself to openly grab her crotch, now that it was just Monika and Yuri around.

“I did some digging after the sleepover,” Monika began, “Apparently the fetish is called omorashi. It can mean a lot of different things, but a lot of times it means people enjoy holding it, or wetting themselves, or they can also enjoy others doing it instead.”

“A fetish? There’s no way it’s something like that,” Yuri denied, but the more she thought of it, the more it all lined up. Her arousal, her focus on it, her convincing herself to hold it even when she didn’t need to.

“I really can’t hold it anymore either, I’m at my limit, Yuri.”

Monika placed a hand on her abdomen and Yuri could see a noticeable bulge poking out through Monika’s waistline. She had to have been holding it for quite some time.

Yuri blushed, and Monika smiled.

“What’s with that reaction, if you don’t have the fetish too?” Monika teased, “You’re really turned on right now, aren’t you?”

Yuri turned her head away, but she knew that refusing to answer was an answer in itself.

Monika doubled over, pressing her hands against her own crotch, “Let’s head to the bathroom before we wet ourselves out here.”

Yuri nodded before feeling her bladder spasm desperately. She fought desperately to hold in a leak, and just managed to stay dry before hobbling after Monika towards the bathrooms.

The two were moaning desperately by the time they entered the bathroom together.

“Yuri,” Monika gazed at Yuri, face red, “Y-you don’t have to if you don’t want to, and I understand if this isn’t something you want to do right away, but… do… do you want to wet yourself with me?”

The mere suggestion almost made Yuri lose it right then and there. She had definitely held it to bursting a number of times, but she hadn’t wet herself since the sleepover. She remembered how icky and awful it felt.

Yet, she also remembered the arousing dream she had, with Monika teasing her right after she had wet herself. Yuri felt herself growing more aroused by the memory, and she could feel her blush deepen.

“S-sorry, that was a bit too much,” Monika turned away, “F-forget I said anything, It was a really dumb suggestion!”

“N-no, it’s fine, I just… don’t know what to think about all of this” Yuri was cut off by a strong spasm from her bladder, and she desperately danced in place to keep her pent-up flood contained.

Monika nodded, smiling in understanding, though the disappointment was clear in her tone, “I understand. Sorry, I kind of came at you with this all at once.”

“It’s fine, I just- ah!” Yuri doubled over, and without another word she quickly hobbled into one of the stalls. She barely managed to get her panties down before her dams burst. A hot, forceful stream of pee shot out and sprayed against the bowl of the toilet. Yuri felt the relief wash over her as she leaned forwards, eyes closed and mouth agape with how good finally getting to pee was. This is what she had been missing earlier when she went to the bathroom before meeting with the club. This blissful sensation of relief.

At some point while Yuri was still peeing, Yuri heard Monika let out a moan halfway between desperation and arousal, and hobbled into her own stall. Even as Yuri continued to relieve herself, she could feel her own arousal building up inside of her, and she felt her face grow flushed at the thought of Monika peeing in the stall next to her after they both held it in.

Yuri threw her head back as her stream finally started to die down, and as soon as it was done, she could barely hold herself back anymore. Her hand gravitated towards her crotch, and her womanhood ached to be touched. The only thing that stopped her was the knowledge that Monika was in the other stall, and that she would hear Yuri’s every moan.

Reluctantly prying her fingers away and cleaning herself up, Yuri flushed the toilet and realized that Monika hadn’t peed yet. She had been intently listening for the sounds of Monika to follow suit and relieve herself, but she hadn’t.

Yuri wanted to wait, but she knew it would be suspicious if she didn’t leave the stall now that she had flushed, so she merely stepped out of the stall and began washing her hands. At the same time, though, she finally heard Monika start peeing, but something was very different about the sound that Yuri couldn’t quite put her finger on.

Yuri heard Monika let out another moan and blushed in embarrassment as she realized she was listening to her pee. Equal parts embarrassed and aroused, she finished up washing her hands and exited the bathroom, waiting just outside for Monika to finish up. She figured Monika still wanted to talk to her about everything.

It took Monika much longer than Yuri expected to finally leave the bathroom, and when Monika did finally exit and met Yuri’s gaze, she blushed.

“S-sorry, Yuri,” Monika blushed, “I didn’t mean to keep you waiting.”

“It’s alright,” Yuri replied, not really sure about whether or not they should pick up on the conversation from earlier.

Monika didn’t seem all that keen either, merely smiling awkwardly, “I suppose we should start heading home.”

Yuri nodded silently, and the two set off from the park, walking in stiff silence. Yuri’s mind was reeling from what had happened, and as she fell behind Monika, her eyes were drawn to her waist and thighs, as though trying to spot those tell-tale signs of desperation despite knowing Monika had just peed. She pulled her eyes away from Monika’s legs and noticed her long, silky ponytail bobbing back and forth. Yuri found it mesmerizing.

They walked in silence until they reached the intersection where the two would need to part ways. Monika stopped and turned to Yuri, opening her mouth, but then pausing, before rubbing her arm.

“I’m sorry if I made you uncomfortable earlier, Yuri,” Monika finally spoke.

“You didn’t,” Yuri reassured her, “You didn’t force me into anything. I’m just feeling a bit confused right now. I need some time to process my thoughts.”

“Alright,” Monika nodded, relaxing her shoulders a bit, “I won’t pressure you into anything, but know that you can come to me and talk about things if you need to, alright?”

Yuri nodded, “I will. Thank you.”

With that said, the two said their goodbyes and parted ways, and Yuri found her mind racing for the rest of her walk. Rather than any form of clarity from the strange thoughts she had been having up until now, Yuri only had more questions. As soon as she got back home, she headed up to her room and looked up the term Monika had shared with her, “Omorashi.”

Yuri’s wasn’t sure what she was expecting when she started her search, but the more she read the definitions, skimmed over people’s accounts, and was exposed to content that left her blushing, she was forced to come to a single conclusion.

I… I definitely have an omorashi fetish. This is why I’ve been getting these weird feelings lately. It’s why I’ve been so aroused…

Yuri’s first reaction was to glance at her phone next to her. Should she tell Monika? On the one hand, Monika had reassured her that she could come to her about this, and Yuri was more conflicted and confused as ever right now, but on the other hand, Yuri knew Monika also had ulterior motives, if their interactions today were any indication, and given her own reactions to Monika’s advances, Yuri wasn’t sure she’d be able to resist. She didn’t even know if she’d want to.

I should think things through, and sleep on it.

With that, Yuri tried to push her thoughts to the back of her mind as she went about the rest of her night. She ate dinner and took a bath, and by the time she changed into her sleepwear and her head hit the pillow, she was out like a light.

###

Yuri had to pee. That was the first thing she noticed. Her bladder was swollen and she shuffled as she tried to hold it. She also felt someone hugging her from behind, one arm wrapped around her waist as another brushed just underneath her breasts. She could feel the warmth of their body pressed against her back, and their head resting on her shoulder.

Yuri turned to look back at them, and saw two emerald eyes gazing back at her. It was Monika. Her face was flushed and her lips were parted in a sultry smile. Her eyes were filled with lust as she squeezed Yuri’s abdomen a little, eliciting a quiet moan from Yuri’s lips.

Yuri felt her bladder spasm and she clamped her thighs together, her knees rubbing as she fought the pent-up flood.

“M-Monika,” Yuri blushed, her breaths ragged, both from her efforts of holding it in, but also from an intense arousal from the situation, “I can’t hold it anymore.”

“Aw, but you told me you would keep holding it, Yuri,” Monika pouted, she leaned in and whispered into Yuri’s ear, “You can hold it a little longer, can’t you?”

Yuri’s heart raced. She was bursting, but the soft, velvet tone of Monika’s voice made her want to try longer. Biting her lip, she nodded.

Monika turned and planted a soft, wet kiss on Yuri’s cheek as Yuri stood there, struggling against her body. She then brought one of her hands up and began squeezing at Yuri’s breast through her clothes. Yuri let out a small gasp and nearly leaked at the sudden touch. Monika then snaked her other hand down, giving one last press on Yuri’s bladder teasingly before reaching down to stroke Yuri’s thigh.

Yuri’s legs shook as she tried to fight the mounting pressure, not helped by the electric sparks running up and down her body with Monika’s every touch. Her fingers danced across the sensitive skin of Yuri’s inner thigh, coming dangerously close to slipping underneath her skirt, but always stopping short. Her other hand kneaded Yuri’s breast, and she could feel her nipple growing hard from the stimulation.

Suddenly, Yuri’s bladder gave another spasm, and she gasped, squeezing her eyes shut and clamping her legs together as she danced in place. She had reached her limit.

“Monika, I… I can’t hold it… I’m going to wet myself, please let me go to the bathroom!”

“Go ahead, right here, it’s okay, Yuri,” Monika smiled, “Wet yourself, and then I’ll make you feel amazing.”

Yuri was tempted by the proposition, but shook her head. She didn’t want to wet herself.

“No, please, let me go, I need to pee, I’m going to pee! Ah!”

Yuri doubled over as her bladder spasmed again, and she was sure she had let out a leak. She jolted upright, and suddenly Monika was gone. Her heart was racing, her breaths were ragged, and she was incredibly aroused. She looked around. She was in her room, wearing little more than a nightgown and a pair of panties. It had been a dream.

Panicked, Yuri reached down to feel her sheets, and her crotch. She hadn’t leaked, or worse, wet the bed, due to her dream. The only things that seemed to have carried over into the real world were how hot and bothered her dream had gotten her, as well as the intense desperation. She really had to pee.

Yuri pressed her hand against her crotch to hold it, and she felt the wetness caused by her arousal. Her womanhood throbbed and ached. Come to think of it, she hadn’t taken care of herself after the incident at the park, or her later research, both of which had turned her on immensely.

Yuri felt her bladder spasm in protest and she thought to head to the bathroom, but she wasn’t thinking straight. She slipped her fingers beneath the waistband of her panties and began playing with herself, her fingers quickly finding her sensitive bud. She allowed herself to fall back onto her bed as she spread her legs and pleasured herself. Her other hand snaked up and found her breasts, grabbing onto the same one Monika had been squeezing in her dreams. She massaged it and teased her nipple as she continued to rub and stroke her womanhood.

Her bladder sent another wave of protest, and Yuri was forced to slow down to avoid leaking then and there. She moaned in both desperation and frustration, and squeezed her legs together, clamping down with her fingers as she overcame the wave. As soon as it had passed, she was back to touching herself. She slipped her fingers into her wet entrance, letting out a moan as she shifted her other hand to give her other breast some attention. Her body was wracked with both desperation and pleasure as she arched her back, letting out another pleasurable moan.

With a racing heart and ragged breaths, she brought herself to the edge of climax, only for her pesky bladder to get in the way again. She felt her muscles relax and she slammed her legs shut, moaning and shaking as she tried to avoid leaking. She came very close, feeling as though the contents of her bladder were slamming against her pee hole. A battering ram trying to force open the gates she was desperately clenching shut. Finally, the wave passed, but so had the brink of her arousal. She was unbearably horny, but she knew she wouldn’t be able to orgasm without absolutely wetting herself.

Reluctantly, Yuri pulled her fingers out from underneath her panties and she made herself somewhat presentable before rushing down the hall and to the toilet. She really had pushed herself, and managed to get there just before her body involuntarily lost control of her bladder, peeing at full force into the bowl. Before she had even finished, her fingers were already back, teasing herself.

With an empty bladder, it didn’t take Yuri long to bring herself back to the edge of climax, and as she reached orgasm, her back arched and she threw her head back, biting onto a finger and stifling her moans as she felt her body shake and spasm.

Her heart racing from her climax, and her mind racing from her dream, Yuri was on full autopilot as she wiped herself and flushed the toilet. As she washed her hands, she splashed cold water on her face. She knew what she had to do.

###

Much later that day, Yuri found herself walking up to the front door of Monika’s house. She was wearing a light blue ribbed sweater and a frilled black skirt that stopped halfway down her thighs, as well as a pair of black knee-high socks and light grey shoes with blue floral patterns. A bag with supplies for the night was slung over her shoulder, and her bladder was filling up steadily. As she got closer to the front door, Yuri’s heart raced, and her mind harkened back to the conversation she had with Monika earlier.

“Monika?” Yuri had begun. She didn’t want to say anything too telling if Monika wasn’t going to check her phone immediately, otherwise Yuri would probably just keep getting more and more anxious about it. Thankfully, Monika responded relatively quickly.

“Yeah?”

“I looked up omorashi yesterday after the park. I think I might be into it. I don’t really know how to feel about that, though.”

“Hey, no worries! I’m still kind of figuring it out myself.”

“Hey, do you think we could talk about it later?”

“Sure! I’m free all day, pretty much,” Monika replied, then, to clarify, she asked, “Did you want to talk over the phone, or in person?”

Yuri’s heart raced. If they talked about it in person, there was no telling how their conversation would go. Monika had gotten rather close to her yesterday at the park. Though, given her dreams lately, Yuri wasn’t entirely sure if she would mind that.

“In person would be better.” Yuri answered.

“Perfect! Actually, my parents are out of the house tonight. We could make it a sleepover, if you want! Just the two of us!”

And that was how Yuri wound up here, on Monika’s doorstep, heart racing as she raised her arm to ring the doorbell. Her finger stopped just short, and Yuri pulled it back, placing her hand on her chest as she tried to calm herself. Finally, she steeled her nerves and rang the doorbell in one swift motion, before she could take it back again.

“Coming!” she heard Monika’s voice call from somewhere inside the house. After some sounds of rummaging and footsteps, the door unlocked and opened, and Monika greeted Yuri with a bright smile.

“Hey, Yuri!”

Yuri gave Monika a once-over. She was wearing a mint green spaghetti strap tank top, and a pleated orange skirt with white frills. Monika’s bare legs were on full display, and the top showed off a bit of her midriff. She was beaming at Yuri happily, and Yuri quickly responded before it became too obvious she was staring.

“H-hey,” Yuri smiled sheepishly.

“Come on in! I set out some snacks in the living room, since we have the house to ourselves tonight!”

Yuri nodded, and followed Monika in.

“Can I get you anything to drink?” Monika asked, and Yuri was immediately reminded of her filling bladder, as well as the reason she was here. She briefly wondered if there was an ulterior motive behind Monika’s offer, but offering a guest a drink right after they arrived was just common courtesy.

“Do you have any tea?” Yuri asked.

Monika nodded and smiled, running off and returning with two steaming cups of green tea. The two sat down on the floor in front of the table Monika had set up, and Monika smiled warmly as she looked across it and faced Yuri.

“So, I know you mentioned wanting to talk about things, so we can take that at your pace,” Monika offered, “In fact, we don’t even have to talk about it right away, if you don’t want.”

“No, I want to get things off my chest,” Yuri affirmed, even as she looked down, “It all started at the sleepover. I hated wetting myself. It made me feel gross and childish, especially after everything I said to Natsuki about her manga. I never wanted to experience that again. At first I thought that I could train myself to hold it. I started holding it every day, and pushing myself more and more. At some point, I realized that I… actually liked it. I also noticed Natsuki and Sayori holding it, and found myself interested in why they would hold it on purpose, even though I had been doing basically the same thing.”

“But it wasn’t as simple as realizing you were interested in this stuff, was it?” Monika asked.

“No. At first I didn’t want to believe it. I felt ashamed that I enjoyed holding it, that I could even get aroused by it. Even now, I still don’t know how I feel about it. Am I a pervert? Am I gross?”

Monika leaned across the table and placed a reassuring hand on Yuri’s shoulder.

“I don’t think you’re gross or perverted at all, just for liking something and being able to admit that. It’s just something you have an interest in. After the sleepover, I started having these fantasies, about me, and everyone else, wetting themselves. Having accidents. It started turning me on. I talked to Natsuki about the manga, and she was the one who told me what omorashi meant. That’s when I realized. So I’m into this stuff too, but you don’t think I’m gross or perverted, do you?”

“No, of course not!”

“Well, there you go,” Monika smiled, “Yuri, I’m not going to tell you how to feel, but I think you should be allowed to explore the things you enjoy. If something excites you, it just means that you found something special, right?”

Yuri fell silent, and as she sipped on her tea, she felt more at ease about everything.

“Thank you, Monika,” Yuri nodded, “I definitely think I needed to talk to someone about this. I’m glad it was you.”

“Of course,” Monika smiled.

“H-hey, Monika,” Yuri added, shuffling as she felt a nagging signal from her bladder. She played it up, figuring Monika would catch on, “B-by the way, you asked me to bring a second set of clothes…”

Monika blushed, realizing immediately what Yuri was insinuating.

“Yuri, you don’t have to-”

“I want to. Or… at least… I want to try,” Yuri affirmed, “I haven’t wet myself since the sleepover. I want to try to get over my negative experience with it. I want your help with that.”

Monika sat, stunned, for a few moments, before nodding, “A-alright. How… how badly do you need to go?”

“I have to pee, but it’s not urgent yet,” Yuri admitted.

“Alright! Well, how about we watch a movie while we fill up? I’ll join you and hold it too!”

Yuri nodded, and the two got themselves another glass of tea, as well as plenty of water, to drink and Monika put on a movie. This time it was more in-line with Yuri’s tastes, but her heart couldn’t stop racing at the idea of what she was doing. It didn’t help that this whole situation felt a lot like the last sleepover. Even though her feelings towards holding it had changed, wetting herself there had been such an unpleasant experience that she couldn’t help but feel nervous and uncomfortable.

Perhaps sensing her stiffness, Monika leaned into Yuri, leaning into her side and resting her head on her shoulder. Yuri’s heart skipped a beat, and Monika looked up to gauge Yuri’s reaction.

“Is this okay?” Monika asked, “Let me know if I’m too close.”

“N-no, it’s… nice,” Yuri smiled in return.

Taking that as an invitation, Monika cuddled up into Yuri’s side, and Yuri found herself relaxed in Monika’s presence.

Halfway through the movie, Yuri’s bladder was urgently full and she was growing restless. She was trying to strike a balance between making her increasing urge obvious to Monika, while also not becoming an uncomfortable headrest. Monika herself was shuffling uncomfortably from time to time, and she kept looking over at Yuri to spot signs of her desperation. Every time Yuri would shuffle in place or rub her legs together, Monika would smile.

Just like at the park, Yuri found the idea of Monika knowing that she was holding it, and that her urge to pee was growing by the minute, incredibly arousing. Her heart was racing and she was only marginally able to focus on the movie with Monika cuddled up next to her.

Monika shifted her position with a brief, desperate wriggle and then teasingly placed a hand against Yuri’s thigh. Yuri let out a soft moan involuntarily and blushed, and out of the corner of her eye she could see Monika gazing at her teasingly.

“Oh, are you filling up?”

“Y-yeah, I really have to go.”

“Do you…” Monika paused, looking away briefly before turning back and finding her words, “Do you mind if I tease you a bit?”

Yuri’s mind immediately jumped back to the steamy dream she had earlier, and her face grew bright red. She gazed back at Monika, looking up with those same lustful, eager eyes. Yuri’s heart skipped a beat, but she nodded.

“Let me know if I go too far, and I’ll stop right away,” Monika reassured her, “I want you to feel comfortable.”

Yuri nodded, and soon Monika was teasing at her thighs as the two sat on the couch. The movie was forgotten at this point, mere background noise as Monika graced her fingers teasingly close to Yuri’s skirt. Yuri felt her bladder squeeze in protest as Monika leaned over further. She shuffled her legs up and down as she tried not to squirm too much.

“Oh, what’s wrong, Yuri?” Monika asked, like she didn’t already know.

“I have to pee,” Yuri admitted, bringing an immediate, teasing smile to Monika’s lips.

“I have to pee too, but let’s try to hold it as long as possible.”

Yuri nodded, and looked over. Monika had leaned in close to whisper into Yuri’s ear, and now the two were gazing at each other, faces inches apart. Monika’s hand was still on Yuri’s thigh. Yuri found her own hand traveling up Monika’s leg, teasing her as the two drew closer. Yuri wasn’t sure who had initiated it first, but she soon found her lips pressed against Monika’s. Monika’s hand snaked around to Yuri’s back and Yuri raised an arm up across Monika’s shoulder as the two kissed.

As the two got more physical, Yuri felt Monika grab her breast and squeeze it through her clothes, pausing to gauge Yuri’s reaction. Yuri silently nodded and Monika continued toying with it, her lower hand slipping ever closer to between Yuri’s legs.

All throughout this, Yuri felt her bladder swell as it filled up, her desperation only heightened by Monika’s touch. She shuffled and rubbed her legs together tightly as her bladder sent waves of desperation washing over her. She was letting out moans of urgency as she tried to hold it back, but she was filling up fast and she knew it was only a matter of time before she reached her limit.

“Y-Yuri… I’m… I’m getting pretty full, how close are you?”

“I’m bursting,” Yuri admitted, “I really have to pee.”

“Let’s try to make it to the end of the movie,” Monika suggested. Yuri had all but forgotten the movie existed, but it did make for a good time goal. Yuri nodded, and Monika continued to toy with her. Yuri herself found her hands finally reciprocating, returning the favor as she grabbed Monika’s chest through her hands.

“Can I… take your sweater off?” Monika asked, “I can take my top off too, if you want.”

“G-go ahead,” Yuri nodded.

It didn’t take much outside of that confirmation, and soon Monika’s hands were all over Yuri. Yuri felt Monika reach under her sweater and pull it up, waiting for Yuri to raise her arms so she could fully remove it. In return, Yuri slipped the shoulder straps off of Monika’s top and pulled it down, leaving both girls in their bras. It wasn’t long before those were out of the way too, and the two girls were left to take in each other’s topless bodies.

“Wow, I can see a bulge, you must really have to go,” Monika teased.

Yuri nodded, declining to bring up the bulge in Monika’s own abdomen, indicating that she was just as full.

With their tops off, Monika and Yuri returned their hands to bare skin, massaging each other and toying with their nipples even as the two moaned and shuffled in place. Yuri’s bladder cried out in protest, and she felt her thighs clamp down hard as she fought back against a strong spasm.

“W-we should… move off the couch, I don’t know how much longer I’ll be able to hold it, Monika.”

“Good idea, the floor’s easier to clean up.”

The two moved away from the couch and returned their hands to each other’s bodies. Yuri felt her full bladder sitting in her abdomen like a rock, each arousing action from Monika sending waves of desperation through her. Monika, too, seemed to shake and let out a desperate moan as Yuri grabbed her breast. In return, Monika removed her lips from Yuri’s and planted a trail of kisses down her collar bone, finding her way down to Yuri’s breast. She took one of Yuri’s nipples into her mouth, playing with it with her tongue.

“Yuri, mind if I… touch you down there?”

“I’m… I’ll definitely wet myself…” Yuri confessed. She was on the verge already.

“It’s okay, Yuri,” Monika encouraged, “I’m at my limit too.”

As if the words weren’t encouragement for Yuri’s swollen bladder enough, Monika slipped her hand down as she returned to kissing Yuri’s breast. Yuri felt Monika’s hand slip underneath her underwear and tease her lower lips, and Yuri couldn’t help but let out a spurt directly onto Monika’s hand.

“S-sorry,” Yuri panted.

“No, that was incredibly hot,” Monika admitted, “If you want to, you can… to me…”

Yuri got the hint and slipped her hand underneath Monika’s skirt, slipping her own fingers beneath the waistband of Monika’s panties. Her fingers found Monika’s sensitive bud and she used her fingers to rub it in little circles, eliciting a loud moan from Monika. Yuri felt a wetness on her fingers and heard a short, brief hiss as Monika leaked into her panties.

Monika returned the favor by slipping a finger into Yuri teasingly, and Yuri felt her bladder completely give out. She arched her back as she felt her muscles spasm and relax as a powerful stream sprayed out. It struck Monika’s hand and spread out between her legs, soaking through her panties and skirt, running in rivulets as it pooled between her legs.

Yuri let out a loud moan and threw her head back in pleasure, even as Monika didn’t let up with her fingers. Yuri returned the favor by speeding up her motions on Monika’s clit. Monika let out another leak and a moan, and all it took was for Yuri to slow down and put a bit more pressure down with her fingers, and Monika burst too. Her dam burst and her pee soaked through her panties and sprayed down between her legs, mixing with Yuri’s own puddle.

The combination of the blissful relief and the feeling of Monika’s fingers between her legs was too much for Yuri. She was already so aroused before, and even as her desperation subsided and was replaced with relief, her body was starting to beg for a different kind of release. She could feel her arousal build as Monika leaned forwards, even while still peeing, and pressed her lips against Yuri’s again.

Yuri herself finally slipped her own fingers into Monika, who moaned and gasped even as she continued to pee. Yuri felt her own stream trickle off, but her body was far more focused on her building climax. Monika’s walls spasmed and tightened around Yuri’s fingers as well, and she knew that Monika was close too.

Monika finally finished peeing, and it seemed like she now had more focus on Yuri. She briefly slipped her fingers out of Yuri to tease her clit, eliciting loud moans that Yuri tried in vain to stifle. Monika herself was moaning as Yuri continued to tease her as well, and soon it became clear that both of them were on the verge of orgasm.

“Don’t stop,” Monika begged, “I’m so close.”

“Me too,” Yuri panted back.

The two kissed each other once again as they both reached climax together, moaning as their bodies shook against each other. Yuri pulled her hand out of Monika’s panties and hugged her, grateful they were already on the floor. She doubted her quivering legs would be able to support herself anymore. Monika was in a similar state, collapsing on top of Yuri as her legs shook with the residual waves of her climax.

“So, was I able to help you overcome your negative feelings about wetting yourself?” Monika asked.

“Yes. That was… incredible,” Yuri nodded, blushing, “but… w-what are we… I mean, what does this make us… or…”

Monika leaned in and kissed Yuri to interrupt her, “W-we can figure that out later. Let’s not ruin the moment. The important part is we both enjoyed it, right?”

“Y-yeah,” Yuri admitted.

“And I don’t know about you, but I for one would definitely enjoy it if we do that again sometime.”

“I…” Yuri looked to the side, face as red as a tomato, “I would like that too.”

“Well, we do have all night.”

Yuri felt her face light up, and as she sputtered and struggled to find words, she heard Monika laugh warmly.

“I’m kidding, I’m kidding! We’ll take things at whatever pace you feel comfortable. Although, speaking of, we do have a bit of a mess to clean up here,” Monika motioned to the sizeable puddle beneath them.

Yuri blushed, just now noticing as the pee began to cool. Her skirt was clinging to her legs and butt uncomfortably, and she could feel their puddle soaking into her socks as well. Monika must’ve picked up on her discomfort, and looked at Yuri in concern.

“You’re okay, right? I mean, you’re really okay. With all of this?”

Yuri met the green eyes gazing back at her, a mix of curiosity and concern. Her mind was instantly brought back to her memories of the sleepover, where everything started. She vividly recalled Monika, going out of her way to find her. Even though Monika had just had her own accident, and a worse one at that, she had respectfully kept her distance with Yuri, speaking tenderly and gently. She had made sure she was okay, apologized about letting the others get carried away, and not speaking up herself. It wasn’t the flirting, assertive Monika of her dreams, it was the same apprehensive, concerned, caring girl standing before her now. Smiling back at her even as they got up to start cleaning up their puddle.

“Yes, I’m okay, Monika. More than okay,” Yuri reassured her, “My clothes, on the other hand…”

Monika let out a warm, gentle laugh, “Yeah, let’s hurry up and clean this up so we can get out of these wet clothes. We should shower, too. We could take turns, or… W-we could shower together?”

Monika’s voice had nearly died out and she spoke the last words in more of a whisper. Yuri blushed furiously at the thought of them showering together, and given the experience they just had, they likely wouldn’t keep their hands to themselves. Even though it made her heart race, Yuri wasn’t opposed to the idea at all.

She smiled at Monika and answered, “I’d love to.”

THE END
