How the Scholarship Works

Author: Riverstone76

*006*2021-06-30 07:44

Chapter Three:

Breanna stood there, her head looking down at the floor, and her smile sort of faded as she waited…. While Mr. Oswald was kind to her so far for everything wrong she had done, she knew it was bad to wet her pants and her bed. She knew she should be yelled at, and the longer it took for him to pick her up, and put her on the toilet, the more nervous she got. That’s what she really expected… for him to pick her up and put her on the toilet.

“How old did you say you were?” she could hear her aunt’s voice.

“Just tell her to sit on the toilet, maybe keep those wet pants on her for while she sits so she can feel the discomfort and the same,” her uncle called from somewhere. Even though her uncle was not shy about putting her on the toilet when she was fourteen or even fifteen years old, he would often tell her aunt to do it because it should be as improper and disgraceful for her to let him look at her panties as it was for her to wet herself.

She fidgeted and shivered, her eyes closed, waiting for the strong hands to either pull her skirt and panties down to put her on the toilet, or to just put her on it, expecting her to eventually wet through her dry clothes. But the hands were taking a very long time in coming to grab her.

“Jorge,” she could hear in her mind. “You know she’s getting too big for me to lift her up by myself,” her Aunt Carmen would say. “Can I just tell her to sit?”

“No,” she would hear an extremely loud exhale of a disappointing sigh. “I’ll be there to put her on the toilet myself. She needs to learn that acting like a baby will get her treated like one, and if she is getting too heavy for you to put her on the toilet, then I’ll have to do it.”

The man would then appear at the door, and look down at her sagging wet panties and tisk at her waving a finger.

“Wet the bed, again, didn’t you, Breanna?”

She just stared at the floor.

“You are fourteen years old, aren’t you?”

She shivered.

“Well?”

She nodded, tears rolling down her face.

“And you peed your pants… like a… like…?”

“A baby?” she pleaded for sympathy.

“…Like a baby,” her uncle echoed at her. “Up you get.”

And she would feel his iron grasp around her underarms, and then her bottom, still wearing wet panties, sitting on the toilet seat.

“Don’t get up from there until I came back and get you up,” he would say.

Breanna opened her eyes, because Mr. Oswald still had not lifted her up onto the toilet with her skirt and panties still on, nor had he started to take her clothes off. Indeed, she didn’t realize it, but he had left the bathroom while she had her eyes closed.

She shivered. Did this mean she had to get on the toilet by herself? Was she supposed to pull down her panties and skirt?

The girl peeked out the bathroom door, and saw him sitting on the edge of the bed he had slept in.

“What is it, honey?” he asked when he saw her head.

“I… um… you told me to sit on the toilet, but….”

“But what, sweetheart? Did you pee yet?”

She shook her head.

“Well, do you want to pee?” he asked her.

She shook her head.

“Are you sure?”

She nodded, looking at the floor, hoping it wasn’t a mistake if he wasn’t going to have her sit on the toilet after all.

He got up and walked over to her, and she opened the bathroom door.

“If you don’t need to pee, then go pack your clean clothes up and get them ready, okay? I’m going to use the toilet, and then we’ll go get some breakfast.”

He wasn’t mad at her at all. He didn’t have a drawn out sigh that expressed frustration. He didn’t pull her over towards him swatting her butt as he did so, and his voice was nice and soothing.

She nodded and quickly strolled to her clean clothes bag to get them neatly back in like he said before he snapped. She was really bad. She wet the bed, she didn’t sit on the toilet, and she didn’t try to pee yet, but he didn’t make her.

When he came out, he was carrying her soiled wet clothing. He smiled at her as he passed, and she saw him take out a bag from his stuff, he pulled some other clothes from out of it, and then he stuffed her wet things in it.

She then saw him wrap the bag up, and he put it back in his suitcase. Then he folded the clothes he took out of the bag, and he hung them over his case.

“Well, are you ready?” he asked her.

She nodded.

He led her back to the car, and had her wait while he opened the backseat.

The girl looked down knowing that they had had a talk the night before about her being treated like an eleven year old, so she expected he was going to put her in the backseat….

He put the suitcase in the far back, and then her bag, and then he crawled in and got something out. It was cushions he had purchased the day before.

She let him get out of the way before starting to grab the door, but he squatted down by her and he frowned.

“You don’t want to sit in the front anymore?” he asked her.

“I thought you wanted me in the back,” she whispered.

“Why did you think that?”

“I’m apposed to be eleven, right?”

“Yes, sweetie, I mean, yes, I’m treating you like an eleven year old child, but I don’t think isolating a child on a trip is the right thing to do.”

She looked up at him.

“I just need to check the front seat, and set this cushion up for you so you don’t get your new skirt all wet with stale pee if the front isn’t dry yet.”

She nodded and looked down, her face getting really hot with embarrassment.

“Don’t cry,” he tilted her head up at him. “I’m glad you peed your pants yesterday, baby.”

“Why?”

“Because you didn’t fight me to let you out where it was dangerous. I don’t care if you are nineteen years old or eleven years old or even seven years old, I’d rather you peed your pants than be in danger.”

She frowned. “But I’m an adult. I can tell if something is dangerous by myself….”

He shook his head at her.

“Honey, do you know how many people have gotten hurt because they thought they knew what was dangerous?”

She frowned and looked up into his serious eyes.

“How many college girls do you think it happened to, asked to get hurt by some males that were being bad?” he asked her.

“None?”

“So, if they were so able to read a dangerous situation, then how did they get in that situation if they didn’t choose it?”

“They didn’t know?”

He nodded.

“You are not going to get in a dangerous situation while I’m watching you, or at least not by your own doing. If I make a mistake, I’d rather make a mistake about misreading some place as too dangerous, than safe enough.”

She sighed.

“Please. Baby, there are more than college men that are irresponsible and just looking for a good time out here. There are men that are out her to actually hurt you. These routes are paths that coyotes use to kidnap young girls and take advantage. You do know what a coyote is, don’t you?”

“You mean the human kind? Yeah, I know.”

“Well, do you want a coyote to get you and force you into a different life than you are hoping to get with some college?”

She shook her head no.

“Please trust me, baby. I’ve gotten lots of students safely to America, and they got there safely because they do what I say.”

She nodded. “So I have to wet my pants today, too?”

He smiled. “If you need to go on the highway between towns, and I don’t think you should try to hold it, then yes.”

“What do you mean, YOU don’t think I should hold it?” she asked him.

“Well, most little women like you would hold it until their little bodies hurt, and they might even experience constipation because of not wanting to humiliate themselves, and I am trying to keep them safe. After a while, I realized that I had to order the girls to just wet their pants, and while they would fight me at first, as you are likely to do at some point, they learned that it was better to do what I said than to try to wait forever.”

“So, you are used to making girls wet their pants?”

“Guilty,” he sighed. “I’ve made boys do so, too, if the situation warranted it, but yeah, mostly it’s girls because if you go to the side of the road, where people are going to see you pulling your pants down, are you going to pull your pants down?”

She blushed. “If I have to… but there are trees….”

“And as I said yesterday, there are unsteady areas where one wrong foot, and you’d fall to your death. It’s not safe to go into the trees, honey. I’d make you pull them down on the road, where I can actually watch you for your safety.”

She blushed. “Then… I… I don’t think I’d want to do that.”

“No, baby. You don’t. You are a decent little woman, and you want people to respect you as a good-mannered person.”

She nodded.

“So, wetting your pants as an eleven year old is far more decent, and far easier than holding it for two hours only to end up wet, or getting out and showing everyone passing by on the road, your little girl parts.”

She nodded.

“You ask me when you gotta go, though, honey. I promise, if I know a safe place is coming up, I’ll ask you to hold it. If not, then I’ll tell you to wet your pants.”

She sighed. “Okay.”

He got her situated in the car, putting a blanket down and then a cushion to protect her nice skirt. He pulled a seatbelt over her lap, and then he closed her door.

Once they were pulling out of the motel parking, Mr. Oswald smiled over and down at her. She wiggled her legs, partly in boredom and partly in excitement at leaving Guatemala on this day.

“What shall we do for breakfast?” he asked her.

Breanna shrugged.

“Honey, why do you do that?”

She looked up at him. “What?”

“Last night, I asked you where you wanted to eat, and you just went along with whatever I wanted. This morning, I ask you what we shall do, and you just shrug leaving it up to me again.”

“Well, it’s not like I have money. You are running the show, so I’m happy with whatever.”

“That’s not very immature,” he told her as though it was wrong to be mature. “Eleven year olds don’t really understand where money comes from, and especially if they are in a car with their daddy, if their daddy asks, they plead for their favorite places.”

“Oh, right. I’m apposed to be eleven years old,” she muttered more to herself than him. “I’m sorry. I’m not used to acting like that.”

He patted her leg.

“Well, get used to it, baby. It’s going to take a while, so you need to get used to treating me like you are eleven, and you are on a road trip with your daddy.”

She nodded.

“So, where shall we eat?”

She looked down. “I never ate out that often,” she told him. “I don’t have a favorite place.”

“Not even a fast food? Not McDonalds? Not Taco Bell?”

She shook her head. “Aunt Carmen says fast food is bad for your health, and candy treats are cheaper and also allow us to eat healthy at home.”

He nodded. “Your Auntie isn’t wrong,” he said. “Still, I don’t know anyone who died because of McDonalds, and if you eat out sensibly, then it really won’t ruin your health. The people that get fat and have problems, are the people that eat fast food and bad snacks all the time, baby.”

She nodded.

“So, do you want to try a McDonalds?”

Breanna nodded. In truth, she had been wanting to try one since she started high school, and her peers talked about it all the time.

It didn’t take Mr. Oswald much time to find a McDonalds, and after he parked the car, he turned to her, and he got a very serious face.

She looked at him giving him her full attention because when her uncle did the same, it meant to stop daydreaming and to listen.

Once, when her aunt and uncle had taken her to Guatemala City, they had been about to go into the restaurant, and Breanna had not realized he was glaring at her from the front seat as she was continuing to play in the backseat, she had learned what not paying attention to that look could get you.

“Breanna,” her uncle yelled at her cutting through her attention on her dolls. She was about twelve or thirteen at the time. “Did you hear me at all?”

She looked down and muttered.

“What was that?”

“I’m sorry,” she whispered a little louder, but still quietly and meekly.

“You’re sorry. Little girl, this is serious! I don’t know, maybe I should just spank you right now so you know how serious this is!”

At that, he got out of the car, her aunt just sitting there nodding at what was about to happen, and he yanked her out of the car.

“Not only are not listening to me, when I’m being serious, but I come to find out you’ve already peed your pants?” he yelled at her.

“I…,” she yelped thinking that was the main reason he had wanted to yell at her in the first place, at the time.

“Bad girl!” he said. Then he pulled her pants down, right there in the parking lot, and he spanked her over her soaking wet panties. His hand swatted and swatted as though he was trying to drive a nail into a board. The heavy whacks echoed in her ears as her bottom, but more so, her mid back and legs started to first, feel a dull sensation, then a hurt, and finally, stinging. “You. Do. Not. Piss. Your. Pants. In. The. Car. And. You. Listen. When. You. Are. Talked. To. By. An. Adult.”

When he was done telling her what she had done wrong, his spanking also stopped.

“Jorge,” Her aunt inquired as he pulled up her wet pants and tucked her shirt back in. “I brought her some spare clothes in the back.”

“No,” her uncle said. “Where is she going to change at? In the restaurant? I think she can just wear her wet pants to show her how it feels to be wet and embarrassed for a while. She didn’t seem to care how embarrassed we’d be to take her in there wet, in the first place, did she?”

Her aunt let it drop.

So, of course, she was quick to hear Mr. Oswald, especially because he told her that she was an eleven year old and to be treated as such.

“Are you okay?” Mr. Oswald caught something off about her.

“Yeah. Sorry. I… I’m listening daddy.”

He sighed. “Okay, well, what I want to know, is how do you act like an eleven year old while we are in there?”

“I… I have to listen to you,” she said.

“Good….”

“I… I better not pee my pants.”

He frowned. Since when was that a rule any parents would make for an eleven year old?

“I don’t talk unless you ask me a question, and I sit still and don’t say dirty stuff.”

“Say dirty stuff?” he questioned her wondering when a parent would ever hear an eleven year old say anything he’d consider dirty.

“You know. I can’t tell everyone in the restaurant that I have to pee or something like that.”

Mr. Oswald shook his head. “It looks like you don’t know what I expect, he told her. “First of all, I don’t know any eleven year old that keeps her mouth shut when she’s not being addressed. If you were too quiet, people would either think you are not really a kid, or they’d think you were being abused, and maybe even both.”

She frowned.

“You can chatter all you want, but I do want you to listen if I ask you to do something, because mostly, if I want you to do something, it’s for your safety, sweetie.”

She nodded.

“Second, you are most certainly allowed to tell me you gotta pee or use the potty. I don’t want to hear words like shit or crap out of your mouth, but you can tell you gotta go without being vulgar about it, right?”

She nodded.

“And I have no such rule as you better not pee your pants, baby. If you have an accident, that is what it is! I don’t know any eleven year old or anyone over seven, for that matter, that would just pee themselves for the fun of it.”

She nodded.

“If you wet, just tell me you had an accident, and if you are feeling ashamed or scared about it, just try to tell me secretly, baby. You won’t be punished for an accident, okay?”

She nodded.

“My rules are, you listen if I say something important to you. You don’t leave my side unless I know where you are going and I give you permission. That is it.”

“Really? That’s it?”

“That’s it, baby. If you follow those two rules, you will be safe. I don’t have stupid rules about you going potty or how to do it, or if you go in your pants, and I don’t care if you cry a little bit if you don’t get your way as long as you don’t make a huge scene, okay?”

She nodded.

“Alright, let’s get you some breakfast, honey.”

He got out and went around to get her out, and then holding her hand, he walked with her to the building where he let her hand go, and opened the door for her.

Once they were in the restaurant, she could smell lots of breakfast foods being made, but somehow, the smells were a little different from at home.

“Let’s see,” Mr. Oswald looked up at the menu. “You can read everything up there, can’t you?” he asked her.

Breanna nodded. Of course she could. It was all in Spanish after all, but then, he was treating her like a kid. Maybe he didn’t think an eleven year old could read that well. To be honest, she wasn’t sure how well an eleven year old read either.

“Get something as a main dish,” he told her. “Get some juice, and if you want, besides that, you can have a sweet.”

He whispered in her ear. “Of course you want a sweet, you’re a little girl.”

She nodded and looked up at him. “Can I have the pancake thing?”

“Do you mean the whole meal?” he asked her.

Breanna nodded.

“Of course, sweetie.”

“Okay, pancake thingy meal, orange juice, and ice cream?”

Mr. Oswald smiled and nodded. “And I’ll also have a pancake meal and some coffee.”

“It’ll take a bit, maybe five minutes for your order,” Breanna heard the cashier. “Do you want to take your daughter and sit down? We’ll bring it out as soon as it’s ready.”

He nodded.

When they got to an empty table, Breanna could see the boys’ and girls’ toilets across the room, but she still didn’t feel like she had to go yet.

“Why don’t you try to go potty before the food comes?” her pretend daddy asked her. “I promise, I’ll make sure you get your food if it comes early.”

She shook her head. “But I don’t gotta.”

“Are you sure?”

She nodded.

“Alright, but tell daddy if you gotta go, even if it’s really bad and it starts coming out, okay?”

She nodded.

The food came, and they started eating.

“You know what’s missing?” Mr. Oswald asked her.

“What?” she asked as she took a bite of pancake soaked in syrup.

“You don’t have anything to play with. Little kids always play in the car when they are on a long trip, and you don’t have an ipad, no dolls, nothing.”

She blushed. “But where would I get that stuff?” she asked. “We always get stuff from second hand and from gifts from other people, so of course no one throws away working ipads or phones, you know? Besides, you also gotta pay to keep them working, right?”

“True…,” he frowned. “But I still don’t know anyone over the age of eleven that doesn’t have one. But even if not that, you don’t even have a dolly.”

Breanna blushed. Nineteen year old women didn’t need dolls, but he was talking about her being eleven, right? Did she still play with dolls at eleven years old? Somehow, her eleven year old self seemed so distant, that she couldn’t really remember life back then. She wasn’t sure why, but a therapist she was brought to a couple of times said that something tragic had happened around that time, and that’s the only clue she had.

“Well, we’re going to get you a doll, I think, after breakfast. You can’t go all the way to America without any toys to play with on the way. That’s just unnatural.”

Breanna nodded knowing that being eleven as his plan, was what he claimed would keep her from getting hurt, and he had done this countless other times. He had to know what he was talking about.

“Don’t be scared or worried if you get syrup on your clothes, sweetheart. Eleven year olds are not that messy, but they do have little accidents when they eat.”

She nodded.

Once she had been filled up with the best restaurant food she thought she had ever tasted, she was asked again if she wanted to use the toilet, and then when she said she didn’t, they were out and in the car again.

Breanna looked up at him when they were pulling away from the restaurant, and she looked like she had a question on her lips.

“What is it?” Ralph, the man’s first was Ralph, asked.

“Daddy? How come you got me those strange panties for little little kids who sometimes wet?”

He frowned and shook his head. “I told you that you’d be wetting your pants, didn’t I? I mean, when I can’t find a safe place for you.”

“Yeah, but last night, when I had an accident, those panties didn’t even hold anything. I don’t understand why you got those if you are thinking I’m going to wet my pants.”

He nodded. “You are eleven years old,” he reminded her. “Did you use to wet your pants at eleven years old?”

She shrugged. “I don’t really remember being eleven.”

“Well, how about when you were twelve? Did you wet your pants when you were twelve?”

She shook her head no. “Well, sometimes at school, I had accidents, but not if I could go potty, I didn’t.”

“Did you wear diapers when you were twelve, maybe to school or to bed?”

She shook her head no. “Uncle Jorge said I’m not a baby, and I shouldn’t have to wear diapers like a baby to stay dry, so I just got in trouble when I wet.”

He nodded. “And anyway, I doubt you would have let him diaper you, sweetheart.”

She nodded.

“Those are panties,” he told her. “The idea, is if I can find a safe place soon, but you started leaking, no one will know you had an accident but you and me.”

She nodded.

“But if you just wet all the way, it won’t hurt to have little kid panties on, in case somehow, maybe your skirt gets pulled up or something, and everyone will be reminded of a little kid that just had an accident, and not an adult.”

She nodded.

“I want you to feel like a little kid when you wet your pants,” he told her. “When that happens, if you feel like a little kid, you are more likely to behave like one, and with no hint at your real age, no one will guess, and you don’t have to be ashamed of being wet as an adult.”

She opened her mouth, but then realized he made sense. “Okay.”

“So, that’s why I need toys, so I can just be a child, and when I wet myself, I’ll just keep playing and acting like a child?” she asked him.

“Exactly, sweetheart.”

It wasn’t ideal. What nineteen year old wants to wet herself to begin with, but now, to act even more like a child, and to wear child clothing and to play with child toys… it was a little off putting, but still, something was… not entirely terrible about this.

Mr. Oswald pulled into the parking, and then he turned to her for another serious talk.

She waited knowing what was coming.

“What are the rules for going in a public store?” he asked her.

“Stay where you can see me, and don’t go anywhere unless you say so.”

“Good.”

“Don’t ignore you when you say something to me.”

“Good.”

“Um….”

“That’s all, baby,” he smiled. “There are no such rules as controlling your going potty or not being able to ask. There are no such rules as you can’t chatter and be excited and point at stuff. You are a child. Be. A. Child, sweetheart.”

Breanna nodded and waited for him to get her out of the car and then take her towards the store.

It was one of the biggest toy stores in Guatemala.

“Okay, I think we first need some dolls for our little girl,” he told her. “I want you to pick out three dolls.”

Breanna blushed. Dolls…. If her friends knew that to get to college, she would have to first go back to playing with dolls. What would they think of that? What would her uncle think, if he knew she was getting NEW dolls? Actually, maybe she shouldn’t let him do this.

“How am I getting dolls?” she looked up at Mr. Oswald, er, Ralph, er, daddy.

“What do you mean, how? I’m getting them for you.”

“Because you want me to have them?” she asked. “Or is it part of the college thing?”

“No, it’s me,” he told her. “The college doesn’t tell me how to get people to the school safely. It leaves how I do it up to me for each person. So the college is not paying for the dolls, I am.”

“Well, maybe I shouldn’t….”

“Yes, baby, you should. It is up to me to decide the safest way. Do you want people to see a nineteen year old wetting her pants all the time?”

She shivered. “No?”

“No, you don’t sweetie. You want them to see an eleven year old going potty in her pants, so they will be more sympathetic and less judgmental. Trust me.”

She nodded.

“Now, baby, I decided you were going to be treated like my eleven year old daughter. What daddy doesn’t make sure his child is content on a long trip?”

She looked down. “I don’t know.”

“A jerk,” he told her. “No good daddy would force an eleven year old to sit there in the car with nothing to play with.”

She sighed.

“Now, will you please get the dolls I asked you to get? You pick them out, sweetheart. Try to get some you can at least pretend to get into playing with.”

She nodded.

She went right to one doll that was supposed to feel like a real baby. It was supposed to move its head and arms when you picked it up, and if you flipped a button on its back, it was supposed to crawl. Besides that, it came with cloth diapers, some mix of sorts, and some bottles to bottle feed it. She remembered wanting one of those dolls when she was about twelve or thirteen years old, now she thought about it, but all she got was a normal doll that she never played with.

As she looked at the doll, longing for it and for permission to really be an eleven year old with it, Mr. Oswald picked it up and put it in the cart.

“I… I didn’t say I wanted that,” Breanna told him.

“You didn’t have to say it,” he patted her shoulder. “You were looking at it.”

She looked down. “It’s probably really expensive.”

“Stop that,” he said suddenly short at her, his hand almost to her seat, but not quite swatting her. “You are an eleven year old. Don’t talk about the cost of toys. That’s not what grateful children do when they get a toy.”

She nodded. She flinched. She shivered. He almost spanked her for real, but he didn’t. He just showed her that he could. She realized that he meant it, that she was eleven and she was to act like a child.

She nodded and looked around the dolls without questioning the prices again.

After she chose three more dolls rather quietly, by just pointing at them, and then they started to move on to stuffed animals, Mr. Oswald reached down and picked her up, moving the cart with his hips more than his hands as he held her. He whispered to her.

“I’m sorry I scared you with that almost swat to your butt,” he said. “But you are giving yourself away, and people were watching. I am not sure, but a man in particular was looking at you, and I wanted them to think I was correcting your something really bad, and giving away your real age is really bad, because it puts you in danger, baby.”

She looked at him with tears in her eyes. “So you weren’t going to really spank?”

“Actually, I was, if you continued to argue. This was serious, and you need to understand, until we get to America, you are an eleven year old, and if you do something I deem dangerous, you will be spanked, baby.”

She nodded her head.

“Now, I don’t care when, but before we leave this store, your panties under your skirt needs to get peed in.”

“What? Aren’t we in a safe place?”

“No, baby. Didn’t you hear me? A man is watching you, rather carefully because you sounded a little too adult like. He needs to see you behave like a child so he’ll stop trying to get you alone.”

“Can… can you point him out?”

“Not without giving away we are on to him, and that you are not really a little girl, no. If he is a coyote, then he will suspect I’m also a coyote, and he’ll do anything he can to get you away from me so he can profit off of you, unless he thinks I’m your father, and I’m keeping you closer to me now.”

She nodded. “So… I have to wet my pants before we leave this store? Why not later, outside, or…?”

“We want to stop him following us to our car or finding a place to try to run us off the road and then take you.”

She nodded. “I’ll try to go as soon as I can.”

She then let him carry her, now, along the toys, and she helped push the cart so he wouldn’t need to put her down. What was scary, was that when they were choosing stuffed animals, she did see a guy, watching her. And it looked like he had appeared again when they were in the coloring books area, and once again, when lo and behold, she was given a DS system with three games, that even a nineteen year old could enjoy though the games were easily made to attract little girls, too.

“I’m wetting,” she eventually told Mr. Oswald as he held her. She had felt a little bit finally get out as she kept trying to push at herself to wet, but he just kept holding her.

“You better put me down, daddy, or I’ll get your shirt wet.”

“I don’t care,” Ralph told her. “I’m not putting you down until we get to the car. I don’t know what is going to happen. Just pee your pants, baby.”

She nodded and kept trying to push.

They then walked around the store a bit more, pretending to shop, but she knew it was more to give her time to get enough pee on herself that the man watching them would think she really was a little girl.

“I’m going to pretend to yell at you when you wet yourself,” Ralph warned her. “That’s so he will think you are being corrected and he will likely at that point, understand you are a child, and I’m your daddy.”

She nodded as she continued to try to wet herself.

It felt like it took two or three hours to get it going, but really, it must have been much shorter, but once she got three squirts out, she started to really pee full force, and the being held with his hands around her bottom and her front pushed against his body, she wet her skirt and his shirt, and the pee ran along her panties butt and drizzled out the back of her panties.

Once she was completely, wet, Mr. Oswald picked her up by under her arms, and looked into her eyes and he mumbled, so she didn’t even hear what he was meaning to say.

After a bit, he put her back in his arms, and he rolled the cart to the front of the store where some other people noticed the wet girl in her ‘daddy’s’ arms.

“Kids,” he sighed at someone in line.

The man just smiled and nodded. “Mine did that to me too, just a few days ago. I thought my ten year old was the only one to do that in public like that.”

“Well, I guess not. My kid is eleven.”

“Oh, she’s in trouble, isn’t she?”

“Yep. I’ve told her that I’m putting her DS up until tomorrow because this behavior. She could have at least told me she had to go, right?”

The man nodded.

They got out of the store, and looking around for the man that had followed them in the store, it looked like Ralph’s plan had indeed worked. No one was following them, that Breanna could see, and she even saw the man that had been following them before. He had gone off in another direction.

Mr. Oswald got the little girl in the back seat.

“Change your pants, sweetheart, and we’ll start towards the border. You did a good job going along with even the apparent scolding I gave you in there.”

She smiled and got in the back and put all the curtains up. Then while Ralph put her new dolls in the front seat and some of the toys in the far back, and eventually kept the DS in his hands until she came back out in a pair of jeans and a pair of training pants under them that was clean, she was given her new toy.

“Get in the front and sit quietly,” he told her with a smile while he went back and took down the curtains.

Once he was back in the car, he smiled at her.

“Good girl wetting your pants when I told you to. You would have definitely been kidnapped, and me, likely dead, had you fought me on that, honey.”

“Really?”

“Yes. I recognized that man once we were out in the sunlight. He is a notorious coyote that likes to kidnap college kids that are on their way to America for an education.”

She shivered.
