Why Bother With Rest Stops?

Author: Red78

*000*2021-10-25 05:45

This is a somewhat experimental story, introducing a premise and wetting style that really captures my fancy in hopes that it might strike the right nerve for others as well. It's short, but there'll likely be more to come, especially if it proves popular. I welcome any questions or feedback, be it positive or constructively negative.

###

Eve tucked her blonde hair behind her ears and honked the horn of her red PT Cruiser twice to signal her arrival. She had just come to rest in the parking lot behind her raven-haired cousin Skylar's brownstone dormitory building. She leaned forward just enough to pull her smartphone from the pocket of her light blue jean shorts, and she was about to send a quick supplementary text message when Skylar pre-empted her. "I'll be out in a couple minutes," she had written. The elder girl did not mind, since she knew from experience that the wait would indeed be brief. The two young women were quite close by cousin standards, which is why they were both happy when Skylar ended up attending the same university from which Eve would be graduating next semester. It was an early autumn morning in Florida, and they were headed home for Thanksgiving vacation, having agreed to also pick up Eve's younger sister Vicky from her own college campus along the way.

"K," she texted back, and that would have been the end of it had she not felt a telling twinge in her lower abdomen. Eve let out a soft whine and briefly massaged her crotch with her free hand while she thumbed a second message: "FYI, I'm gonna pee my pants." The unsurprising response of, "K," was almost immediate, and Eve verified it with a mere glance before setting her phone on the dashboard and leaning back slightly. With her hands resting on her thighs, she promptly began flooding her shorts.

Within a second or two, a dark stain had appeared just below her fly, and it spread like wildfire across her crotch and the minimal span of denim between her thighs before seeping out and pooling on the towel that had been folded over on the car seat. She emitted a soft moan at the combined relief and warmth as the flow of pale urine snaked around her butt, genitals, and inner thighs in a distinctly ebbing caress that never seemed to lose its gentle appeal no matter how many times she wet herself.

And Eve had wet herself countless times, as had Skylar and several other members of her family. The girls' common grandmother, Ruth, had been a long-distance trucker in her youth and had passed along to her descendants a certain affinity for efficient highway travel. They were experts at minimizing the frequency and duration of stops and could even sleep comfortably in almost any vehicle. Arguably the most unorthodox of these traditions was a solution originally born from a moment of desperation, which first Ruth herself and then her progeny found irresistibly convenient and oddly pleasant. The family had few if any qualms about simply emptying their bladders in their pants whenever such self-relief was necessary en route.

They had even developed a system of sorts. Towels were used to absorb whatever their pants could not and laundered for reuse upon reaching their destination. On the relatively rare occasion that they had to step out in public under extra-high presentability standards, as at a job interview, for instance, each traveler always had a set of spare clothes on hand. The custom of very explicitly announcing whenever they were about to wet themselves or had just finished doing so was a habit formed as one way to keep track of who was dry and thus most prepared to be extra presentable if the need suddenly arose. More often than not, however, using humor and laughing off their frequently stained clothing proved to be a surprisingly effective way of assuaging any awkwardness or judgment from others.

With a contented sigh, Eve released the last of her piss, letting the pool between her legs soak into the towel. She had barely finished when Skylar appeared and opened the door to the seat next to the driver's. Tossing a single duffle bag onto the back seat, she planted herself next to Eve and put her seat belt on. "Ready?" she asked with a smile.

"Yeah," Eve nodded as she put her phone back into her hip pocket and shifted gears. "Let's go!" She could tell Skylar was still a bit groggy, which was typical. Neither of the two was really a morning person, but the younger one was even less so than the elder. Eve chuckled when she realized that they were barely out of the parking lot before Skylar had fallen asleep, her head resting in her hand with her elbow propped up on the armrest built into the door.

Eve drove in silence for the next two hours before her cousin stirred again. The latter squirmed briefly before her eyes fluttered open, and for a moment, she wondered what had roused her before she realized it was a sudden urge to urinate.

"Good morning, sleepyhead!" Eve teased lightly. "McDonald's for breakfast? We'll be at the drive-thru in a few minutes."

"Works for me," affirmed Skylar. Although fully awake now, her head remained supported by a lazy hand and elbow resting on the armrest as she faced her cousin, her free hand resting on her belly. "In the meantime, it's my turn to pee my pants." With a nod of acknowledgement from the blonde, the brunette sighed as she spread her thighs and began soaking her blue gym shorts, letting herself pee as freely as if she were sitting on a toilet. A tiny wet spot appeared almost instantly and grew rapidly into a sizable stain, soaking her round buttocks before extending over her vaginal labia and then leaking out of her shorts altogether into the towel underneath her. She basked in the flow of warm liquid surrounding her pelvis and thighs, jointly soothed by the deflating pressure and the feeling of very wet fabric against her skin. She purred in satisfaction upon expelling the final wave and looked up just in time to see the telltale golden arches come into view on the horizon.

