[Old Stories from My Blog]: Origins - Minx

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2026-01-03 11:11

This origin story is a part of another big arc that I previously posted on my blog. I modified the beginning slightly to make it more appropriate as a standalone story. Cheers!

###

You open your social media and immediately see your favourite babe is live! You join her stream.

"Hi babes!" She was greeted with as the audience went frenzy with their comments and tips.

"For those who don't know me, I am Mia a.k.a Minx!. I can see that you all still remember - the true bladder queen - who had set the world record for holding it in in 2010. 7 days straight @5.6 liters! NO ONE EVER CAME CLOSE! NO ONE EVER WILL! And today I am attempting to break my own record!

But before we do that let me tell you my story. How all of this started.

I come from a very rich family. Dad was a successful businessman and Mom was a very successful social entrepreneur. However things were never favorable in the countryside so we moved to the city. Everything changed with that. We were trying to gel well with the rich neighborhood we had moved into. Their etiquette , rules, dos and don'ts were amusing. One such untold etiquette or mannerism of a rich young girl was not going to the toilet even when the she would be exploding!

I was not endowed with a very big bladder to begin with. Was always an above average capacity girl - who could just last all daylight if need be. After spending first few weeks at our new place I realized that the society looked down upon girls who had to use the toilet just like that. In fact business ties, personal ties were made and broke just because people would see the ladies or girls of each others' families tip toe to the bathroom. It was not considered classy or feminine to give into the needs of your bladder. Girls were expected to have iron control and not show it. That was the ultimate sign of being powerful.

I was still adapting to the new societal rules and I made sure to pee every time before I left home and kept my drinks to a minimum to avoid any problems. Until one fateful day when I was invited to my neighbor's birthday party. That bitch was so nit-picky that she decided to call all her girl-friends for a dress-up. We all were to wear only black outfits which were designed by her own image manager.

Never ever in my life had I seen girls squeezing themselves into such tight outfits. They said that the discomfort was worth the looks. Who was I to disagree. You don't get invited to pent houses which look over the entire city skyline. I went there with a slight urge to pee. Had skipped my pee after college as I didn't want to get late. I was on 3/10 may be or 4 to say the max.

I was made to squeeze into a tight latex bodysuit without any crotch zipper of course. I nervously giggled every time they pulled it tighter over my body to zip it up. My bladder did not like it. It was the first time I put on latex, it was too tight for my taste, very uncomfortable and yet I felt as if I was naked. On top of that the AC was on full blow and my urge to pee had suddenly increased. Air condition and my bladder never are like arch enemies.

I took the girl who helped me to get into it and asked her the same. She nervously giggled at me.

"You're not supposed to pee! You've to hang on tight like the rest of us!"

"Are you serious?" I asked her. "How long can we hold it up like this?"

"I don't know . . Girls have to cork it up all day. . "

All I could do was laugh at it and get back inside. From that moment on it felt as if my bladder didn't stop filling. I was finding it very difficult to keep a calm composure, the outfit was too small for my body and flattened out my belly. On top of that there were free flowing drinks which I simply couldn't say no to despite an angry ever-filling bladder.

Around an hour and a few drinks later the birthday girl finally arrived. She walked too rigidly and hardly smiled. The Beyonce like rubber evening gown she had put on, let everyone feast on her silicone globes now shimmering with sweat and glitter. I wondered why would somebody be so sullen on her birthday.

They brought a large cake for her and a lot of champagne was being sprayed everywhere. The birthday bitch was totally in pain. Her eyes had been brimming with tears and she was shamelessly fidgeting. The girls around her kept ignoring her needs. I felt pity for her. When the rest of the crowd got busy with food and drinks I approached the girl who sat on the bar stool with her hand tightly gripping her pussy.

"Hey...Want me to help you out.?" I innocently asked her.

She hastily turned towards me and moved her hand away.

"Help for?"

"Using the toilet...I need to go pretty bad too! "

That's when she lost her cool and made a scene out of it. She yelled at me and humiliated me in front of her friends. She boasted in front of an entire audience.

"This girl thinks that just because she cannot hold her pee for a few hours means that I ... I, the strongest Ana would need to pee too. Just because I haven't used the toilet for ... may be a day or so means I will rush to the toilet and miss out all the fun! "

I still remember how she made me wait and forced me to chug beers after beers while she drank the same amount. By the morning I was bouncing in my seat clenching my muscles as hard as I could. Ana on the other hand was nearly half dead with desperation but somehow to prove her point she hung on.

Finally my bladder could take no more. My dam just burst open and the pressure was so intense that everyone inside the room heard my loud hiss clearly. Let me remind you I was wearing a heavy rubber catsuit then. That bitch Ana then rose from the chair and excused herself out of the room with baby steps. Everyone was cheering for her and she was again branded as the bladder queen. I never came to know if she wet herself or did she keep on holding.

That incident gave birth to an intense desire in me. To hold. To hold my pee for as long as I could. That became a symbol of power for me. A few days later when it was my 19th Birthday I set a goal for myself that I would not allow myself to use the toilet more than once every 2 days and do whatever it took to not leak. I remember that was the time when I took up this latex lifestyle. Though I hate being sweaty inside all the time but it makes going to the toilet so difficult. I took my friends outside for a party to celebrate my newfound love, newfound power. And that's when all hell broke loose and due to something or the other I had to keep postponing my much needed relief. I waited 6 long days before I could bear no more.

Erica saw an opportunity in that and asked me to keep it corked up and went through great pains to get in the Guinees guys in time. I could see stars behind my eyes and for the first time in my life I wanted to give up. They helped me out of my latex sheath and when I sat on the jar there was no stopping. An inch thick stream, 3 minutes and 5.6 liters of pure boiling piss shot me to fame.

But hey I never took it for granted. Ever since that day I have kept my bladder in perfect shape and made sure it is always stretched to the extreme before whatever partial or minuscule relief I allow myself to have. Right now, as I stand in front of you, my bladder throbs under a crushing load of 4.5 liters at 84 hours. But I am not at my limits yet. I am going to attempt to hold it for 120 hours and aim for 7 liters in total. I am sure that I will be able to overcome this painful discomfort and emerge victorious.

You see, sexy girls don't pee! AND I AM THE SEXIEST GIRL EVER!

- - - The End - - -

