The Rough Seam

Author: randomkath

*008*2018-10-24 00:17

This is just a little intermission to set the stage for the next chapter.

Nothing that happens here is actually explicit, but please note that Ashley still has a very dirty mind, so it's not exactly SFW.

Intermission: The Road Run

Ashley was having a really great day.

The sun was out, but it wasn’t too hot. A nice breeze came in from the east, she had just tied the laces on her favorite running shoes, and her bladder was throbbing with more than a day’s worth of pi.ss. She was just about to take all that liquid on a 20 k road run. Lovely.

Even better, while she was the only one from the track & field team to participate in this event, no one was ever expected to start in any competition without another athlete for assistance and moral support. Mostly to hold on to their stuff, cheer, and drive them to the site and back home again, if needed. And who had Coach Baye selected for this job?

Jasmine, of all people. Granted, it was not like there had been much of a choice. Most girls had gone home, the number of people staying on campus over the summer break was fairly limited. But still, out of the three or four people he could have send, he had picked Jasmine. Or maybe she had volunteered, who knew? And that was amazing. Jasmine was the team’s star long jumper, and best sprinter to boot. She was also smoking hot. At least to Ashley, who had been lusting after the lanky brunette for weeks. They had been on the team together the whole semester, but it had not been until the last training session when Jasmine had caught Ashley’s eye. Working out in just a pair of leggings and a sports bra had done it. Her pretty face, slender body, ample bosom… oh my. Up to that point, Ashley had not even known her name.

After that, she had made sure to find out, with the intention of maybe approaching her someday. There was more to her than just physical attractiveness, though. Ashley was sure Jasmine, at least sometimes, did the very same thing she was about to do herself. She had caught her absolutely desperate to pee, to the point where she had actively pushed Ashley out of the way to get to the toilet in time. Her relief had been so intense and with so much pressure behind it, it had been audible through the closed bathroom door. There was no way she had brewed up such a gusher in just two hours of working out. She must have started out already bursting at the seams. Ashley would have to find a way to address this whole thing with her, preferably without being a total creep about it.

For now, they were sitting in the locker room, and had just finished preparing for the run. Ashley had changed and applied tape where tape needed to go, and lotion where lotion needed to go. She made a poor joke about putting the lotion on her skin or getting the hose again, and Jasmine chuckled.

Ashley smoothed down her bib number and closed the zipper of her synthetic shirt.

“Isn’t that a cycling jersey?” Jasmine seemed to be quite well-versed in activewear.

Ashley nodded. “Yeah. Just about the best moisture-wicking top I’ve ever had. Just need to remember to tape your nipples, or you’re going to bleed. The chafing is incredible.”

“Or you could wear a bra. Crazy thought, I know.”

Ashley pointed at her barely-there breasts. “To support what exactly?”

Jasmine gaze followed Ashley’s finger. She stared at her chest for a second, coughed, and turned away. Had she just blushed slightly, or was Ashley imagining things? That was an interesting prospect…

Ashley tried a few flirty looks as they talked. Jasmine locked eyes with her a few times, but always quickly looked away. Ashley couldn’t tell if that was just how she carried herself normally, or if she felt uncomfortable with the situation. Well being taken slightly out of one’s comfort zone wasn’t necessarily a bad thing, now was it?

Jasmine was drawing again. She barely went anywhere without a pencil and sketchbook. Ashley tried to peek at the pad, and Jasmine closed it quickly. She looked a little guilty.

“What are you...” Ashley didn’t get to finish her question.

“All runners to the starting area, ten minutes. All runners to the starting area please, ten minutes to go.”

The starting area was at the north end of the running track that surrounded the football field. The course would take them around the track, out of the stadium, across town, along the river, and back here. She could see the finish line from where she was standing. There were quite a few spectators assembled on the infield, even through the ranks were mostly empty.

This was in fact Ashley’s second road run within a few weeks. She had done a 15 k with a mildly full bladder recently, and that had cemented her pre-existing idea of doing another one while completely bursting. So here she was, downright penned in with a couple hundred other people, while an official who looked like he had never held a gun in his life was incompetently fiddling with the starting pistol. This Alabama gal would have been able to give him a few pointers in that regard...

“BAM!”

The entire lineup started to move at the same time. The result was chaos. The organizers had neglected to corral the participants correctly. People flew past Ashley left and right, and mixed into a giant mess of intertwined limbs. There was bumping and shoving, and a lot of toes were stepped on, as the more ambitious runners all tried to leave the starting area first. Amateurs. Ashley wasn’t faced by this at all, and managed to stay out of the brunt of it. She started at a very moderate pace. Most of the field passed her within the first few minutes, before she had even left the stadium. It didn’t bother her in the least.

‘Slow and steady wins the race’ wasn’t just a phrase, it was genuinely how it worked. When she rounded the corner of the athletes entrance (well, in this case, it was really an athletes exit, now was it?) and crossed the parking lot, she found herself in the rear group, surrounded by mostly older people. She attached herself to a balding man in a USMC t-shirt and matched his speed. He was slow, but also seemed to be rather experienced, and his calm, shallow breathing indicated he could probably keep his pace for days at a time.

The course left the grounds of the stadium and followed the road into town, parallel to the highway on-ramp. Just a mile or so, and they were on main street. There wasn’t much to look at. A drug store, a super market, a selection of fast food restaurants, car rental, a few smaller shops. The biggest attraction here had always been the stadium that served four entire counties and was used to host everything from college football to cheese fairs. If you had seen one medium-sized New England town, you had seen them all. Some exceptions applied, but this was not one of them. The 19th century town hall might have been pretty, interesting even, but they went past it too fast to get a good look. She made sure to pick up a cup from the first water station the organizers had so thoughtfully set up at kilometer three. She wasn’t thirsty at all, and her sphincter was already stinging in the rhythm of her steps, so of course she drank it all.

Then it was off of main street, into a residential area. What applies to towns as a whole, is doubly true for neighborhoods. Boring. Ashley kept herself busy, first by studying the supposed Marine’s tattooed arms, trying to figure out whether he had actually been in in the Corps (probably), then by doing math. She sometimes did that to pass the time, even though she was fully aware that math was as far away from fun for most people as… well, as a full bladder was.

Recreational arithmetic, Ashley Edition, go:

This was a 20 km road run. Standard distance. How much was that in miles? Well, a marathon was 42 km, or 26 miles, and this was slightly less than half that, so it had to be about 13 miles. But that was too easy. How long was it, exactly? Ashley realized that her full understanding of miles-to-kilometers was ‘a bit more than one and a half’, so that was of no help. She had to do it the long way. She new an inch was 2.54 cm. There were 12 inches in a feet, 3 feet in a yard (a yard was about a meter, but again ‘about’ and ‘circa’ was too easy, she wanted more significant figures), and 1760 yards in a mile. So there were…. .6 km in a mile? What? No, silly, the other way round, that’s the denominator, you idiot, do the last part over...

Twelve miles… and…. 2300 feet. Give or take.

Okay. New calculation. She had last visited the powder room at 8 AM on Friday. The start had been on 10 AM on Saturday. The current world record for 20 km was a bit less than an hour. No, wait, that was for men. Women, slightly more than an hour. One cup was about a quarter liter. So, provided she finished in her usual time, and didn’t leave out a single water station, how desperate would she be when she crossed the finish line, say on a scale from 1 to 10? She did a quick estimate, and it came out to 5722 and change. Sounded about right.

Ashley’s body worked on auto pilot now. One foot in front of the other, one breath after the other, step and step, in and out, and one wave of stinging pressure after the next. She wasn’t exactly wearing herself out, but the repetitive motion and insistent throbbing in her lower body was lulling, almost narcotic. Something else mixed into it. Mild arousal, the type you feel when you can’t quite decide whether you’re too tired to rub one out before going to sleep. Or maybe it was more like the little bit of horniness when spooning last night’s pickup in the morning, while both of you are barely awake. Her mind slowly slipped into a meditative state.

She didn’t snap out of it, so much as she slowly became aware of her surrounding and her own body again. She had barely noticed there had been spectators, chanting, cheering. And another water station, another cup, and that they went up a slight incline for a while. Then downhill, and they were already following the river. They had to be well past half of the track, probably two thirds of the way. The environment was beautiful, they were on the old cycle path through lush green, but Ashley had no head for that. The gurgling water to the left drove her bonkers. She could barely contain herself, got mad, leaned into it, sped up.

She was surrounded by different people than before. The only guy she recognized was the potential leatherneck. So he had turned out to be a good pacemaker after all. They must have lost the rear group quite a while ago, while she had been in her hypnotic state. She sped up even more. She always went faster on the second half of a run, she was the queen of negative split. Her bladder was the only part of her body that gave her trouble. Her muscles worked smoothly, her feet felt light, her lungs pumped deeper, but still not too quickly. Nothing compared to the wheezing fools and pained faces around her. ‘Oh yeah, I’m all aerobic, unlike your sorry acidic asses. Marvel at my glycogen depots, bitches!’

Faster and slightly faster still. Faster breathing, more oxygen. She finally overtook the old Marine. He nodded at her with an expression of respect, as she went by. She started to sweat and had to open her top slightly, for better ventilation.

Before she knew it they went up the embankment and away from the river, and onto the final stretch. There were people, and voices and waving.

Her bladder was far past throbbing now, she was in serious pain. God, she had to pi.ss! She could feel a few drops weaseling their way out. She squeezed her quivering sphincter shut with iron discipline. She was okay with moisture down there. In fact, she was quite wet, because the situation turned her on beyond belief. But her urethra was simply off-limits for pee. Liquid had to stay put in the bladder, were it belonged. Not having full control over her body was shameful, she was not having it! She swore under her breath, unclenched her fists, and kept running.

She didn’t notice they had already entered the stadium before she head Jasmine’s voice, shouting, cheering The spotted spotted the laughing face in the crowd. All she could see in front of her now was a single guy in a red T-shirt. With all the power of her strong legs, she shot forwards, gave it all she had and… “BEEEEP!”

The man in front of her slowed down to a slow jog, then a walk. They were well past the finish line. It took Ashley a moment to realize she had come in second, which probably meant she was the fastest woman. She walked a few meters, than found Jasmine again, stumbled towards her, and put an arm around her shoulders to steady herself. Her legs were wobbly, her entire body weak. She was at the very end of her tether.

Jasmine was downright ecstatic: “Wow, that was great! The best finish I’ve ever seen, and...”

“NUMBER 219. TIME: ONE HOUR AND...”

The exact number of minutes didn’t even register in Ashley’s mind until quite a bit later. She had much more pressing matters to attend to.

“Jasmine, I...”

“Amazing time, just...”

“JASMINE!”

“What?”

“Locker room. Now.”

“Why the haste?”

“Toilet! Move!”

Ashley halfway walked, halfway was dragged by Jasmine. They stumbled down the five stairs to the lockers, threw open the door and…

Ashley wound herself out of Jasmine’s grip, fell more than ran towards the bathroom, slammed the door shut behind her and… didn’t get off her running tights in time. One forceful spurt. Another one, even harder. If the lid had been down, it would have ended in a puddle right there. She ripped off her pants and dropped onto the seat. She was pi.ssing at full force before her butt even touched the plastic. The noise of her urine hitting the water was ear-shattering in the quiet of the bathroom. 

She moaned in relief, relaxed completely, and the feeling was almost orgasmic. It could have been orgasmic for good. Her clit was a throbbing sensitive spot that wanted to be touched. She resisted the urge and instead leaned back to enjoy her first pee in almost 30 hours. She peed for what must have been several minutes before she was finally empty. Then she remained seated on the toilet for a while, panting. She was completely spent. Only when she heard Jasmine, clearing her throat, on the other side of the door, did she finally get up.

Just the same situation as last month, only the other way round. Well, how was that for a bit of role reversal? Ashley determined the sweat-wicking fabric of her tights would keep anyone from knowing she had lost a few spurts, pulled up her pants, and opened the door. Jasmine looked at her inquisitively while Ashley washed her hands.

“How on earth did you have to pee that much after an hour? Just how much did you drink.”

“It wasn’t just an hour. I went into the run after not peeing for a full day.”

“Why would you do that?”

“Why do YOU do that?”

“What?”

“Listen Jasmine, don’t try to deny it, I heard you go after practice last month. You do the same thing.”

Jasmine was deeply red within a second. “Um… yeah. Okay. Yes. It helps me… focus.”

Ashley put on an indulgent smile. That smile you display when you want to indicate that you don’t believe a word of what you’ve just heard, but want to go along with it.

“Sure, a full bladder helps to focus. That’s why I do it as well.”

Jasmine turned around and left, muttering something about ‘checking on the judges and award ceremony.’ It was an obvious excuse, but Ashley didn’t push it.

She lay down on the bench between the rows of lockers. No, she downright collapsed onto it, in complete exhaustion. While her tired muscles – legs and sphincter – twitched, she pondered what the day’s events would mean for her. First of all, she finished a 20 k in what she now realized was a personal best, with a full day’s worth of pi.ss in her. That was amazing. Could she do the full thirty hours of holding and then enter a race? And this had been roughly a half-marathon distance, so what about a marathon? The possibilities made her shudder. But that was only the second most important development to come out of today. What about Jasmine, was she interested or not? Did the talk about holding embarrass her too much? Was she even into women in the first place? Questions, so many questions. And so many sore muscles.

Ashley must have dozed off, because she was suddenly startled when the door squeaked open. Jasmine poked in her head.

“Hey, where are you? They’ve just announced the winners. You are needed out here, they are going to give you a medal!”

“A medal. Nice.”

Yep, a really great day.

*010*2018-10-24 12:21

I'm a bit miffed, though.

I had two files of this. One raw draft, one checked for grammar and spelling errors.

Guess which version I posted?

Grr.

*014*2018-10-27 14:35

{{

On 10/25/2018 at 3:04 AM, FullBladder85 said:

All I would have added is mentions of other racers peeing next to the race course and how that effected Ashley's really full bladder. From what I've read of such races it happens all the time.

}}

I don't know why this didn't even occur to me.

{{

On 10/25/2018 at 3:04 AM, FullBladder85 said:

Nice job, hoping to see more of Jasmine in the next part.

}}

Ask and ye shall receive:

Teammates

"I'm coming over!”

“Don't bother, I'm fine, really.”

“You sure, Cindy? You sound a little groggy.”

“It’s just the painkillers. They have me on some pretty good shit. I need you to pack your stuff.”

“What for?”

“You are going to the track meet in my place. Already cleared by Coach Baye. Hurry up, bus leaves in half an hour.”

Ashley snorted.“And what exactly would I do at a track & field camp, while everyone is training? You know I'm a long distance runner, and little else, right? I can work out pretty much anywhere I like, and there isn't exactly much teamwork involved in my sport, either. That's why I didn't want to go in the first place.”

“Do you have classes this week already?”

“Uh… no. Not until the twelfth.”

“Then you can either get bored on campus on your own, or get to enjoy a lakeside resort with breakfast buffet. They are pairing us off, two girls to a room. Everything is already paid for, and without me it’s an uneven number.” She was right, of course. Just for the wrong reasons. It wasn’t because Ashley would get bored on her own. She had access to a library, and an internet connection, so she would always find plenty to do by herself. That was something a hyperactive little extrovert like Cynthia would never understand. No, it was because the was all out of suitable opportunities for booty calls. At least she would have something to look at at a track meet full of sporty girls. She still wasn’t sure if she could just leave her friend like that.

“Are you certain you don’t want me to come visit you? Need a change of clothes, or...”

“For crying out loud, I just fell off a frigging bicycle! It’s not the first bone I’ve broken. They are going to put a titanium plate in my arm, and send me home. Get your ass to the bus already! I need to hang up, they are not too happy about me using my phone all the time.”

Ashley arrived a little late. The bus was already standing in front of the social science building, and a swarm of girls –what was the correct term for a group of unruly college athletes, a ‘run’?– was milling around in the morning sun, laughing, shouting, stuffing their luggage into compartments. A damn kindergarten. Two trainers were standing around, looking annoyed; the head coach was nowhere to be seen. Ashley made sure the two had seen her, nodded in their general direction, and boarded the bus.

Most of the seats in the front were already filled with team members, or reserved with various bags and other personal items. Ashley squeezed her way past the a jerks blocking the middle of the aisle, did her best Dustin Hoffman impression – “I’m walking here! I’m walking here!” – earned a few laughs that way, hit her knee on some girl’s suitcase that was way too large for a three-day trip, cursed, and dropped onto the first free seat she came across. Jasmine quickly pulled her legs out of the way.

“Oh, sorry.” Ashley smiled at Jasmine. It just so happened that they had ended up next to each other. Totally coincidental, unless you wanted to suspect Ashley of scouting ahead, peeking in through the window, and deliberately picking that seat.

Jasmine looked up, starred at her in shock for a second, then closed the sketchbook she had been drawing in. She did it so hastily, her pencil went flying, bounced off Ashley’s chest, and rolled under the two seats on the opposite side of the aisle. Ashley went after it, and wile rummaging thought what had to be months of dirt and gum wrappers, she made sure to bend only at the waist, presenting her jeans-clad ass to Jasmine. When she finally managed to retrieve the pen from the filthy floor and remove the dust bunnies from her arms, she noticed that Jasmine was staring at her, looking embarrassed, and maybe a tiny bit turned on. Nice.

“Here. Man, you slammed that shut like you’re trying to protect state secrets. Whats up with that?”

Jasmine turned an even darker shade of red. “That’s, um… private.”

That was strange, but Ashley decided not to pry. She changed the topic.

“So, I’m a last-minute attendee, it appears. Got any idea who you’ll be bunking with?”

“Cynthia. You’re friends with her, right? Where is she, anyway?”

Ashley closed her eyes for a second. ‘Dear God: I’m very sorry for doubting your existence. You’re my favorite fictional character. Thank you for this. Thank you very much!’

“I’m afraid Cynthia won’t come. She fell off her bike and broke an arm.”

“Oh. Is she alright?”

“Yes. Besides being stoned out of her mind from the drugs they gave her.”

“Lucky her.”

“Yeah, I guess. So, that makes us roommates, right? Do you snore?”

“Um… er.. no, no I don’t snore.”

Ashley lightly touched Jasmine’s arm. Goosebumps started to spread. Jasmine was blushing, again. Ashley really liked that shade on her. This whole thing had potential.“I am very glad to share a room with you, Jasmine.” That was as far as she was going to go in public, surrounded by a bunch of nosy, gossipy college girls. She leaned back in her seat and pretended to be occupied with her phone, to give Jasmine some time to get over her embarrassment.

The bus pulled into the parking lot in front of the hotel. The fact that it was a lakeside sport hotel with a big gym and athletics field couldn’t hide the fact that this was not a real training camp. The yearly fall trip was mainly for motivation. It was an open secret that those three days were more for socializing, and skimming off a bit of funding from the Track & Field Association, than anything else.

Ashley and Jasmine, not wanting to squeeze themselves through a solid mass of people, waited a few minutes, until the bulk of the girls was out of the bus and on the way to their rooms before they went to retrieve their bags. They didn’t get far before they were stopped by a scrawny man with a neatly styled mustache.

“Hi. I think we’ve missed each other. You weren’t there when I introduced myself earlier. I’m Humphrey, the new guy in Coach Baye’s team. And also the one coach who gets to do all the paperwork, unfortunately.”

“Because the others can't spell? Nice to meet you.” Humphrey snickered at Ashley's flat joke, then produced a clipboard.

“Ladies, we've got an issue. This is a sponsored event, and the college won't see a single cent for your, unless you're on the roster with your proper legal names. Who of you is Ashley?”

“That would be me.”

“You were the straggler. No, more like 'write in'. We cannot find you on the student register. This says 'Ashley R. Carver'. There is no one named 'Carver' in the entire school.” Ashley looked down at the list. Cynthia's name had been crossed out, her own added at the bottom, in what was unmistakably Baye's scrawly handwriting. That man wrote like a ten-year-old.

“Yeah... that's supposed to be 'Calder'. That’s just horrible cursive.”

“'Calder' was what we figured as well. There aren't to many Ashleys in second year. Do you have any ID, to make this official?”

“Just a sec.” Ashley dug through her hastily packed gym back, taking a few seconds to locate her wallet and hand over her driving license.

The man nodded. “Okay.” He turned to Jasmine. “Miss Collins, 'Jasmine' is not really your first name, is it?”

“Officially it's my middle name.” She held up her student ID card.

The coach nodded, and scribbled something into the list. “Okay, that'll do.” He glanced at his watch. “Oh, sorry. Looks like I’ve kept you girls occupied for too long. We’ll start with a jog around the lake, please put on your running shoes and be in the lobby in five.” He pocketed the pen, tucked the clipboard back under his arm, nodded, and walked away.

Ashley had been peeking at the list.“Who names their daughter 'Reagan Jasmine', anyway? Staunch Republicans?”

Jasmine shook her head. “Nah. It's Irish, actually. There's a Regan in King Lear. One of the daughters.”

“Sorry, that wasn't meant to be a quip. I like it. Gender-neutral, isn't it? Those names always sound best on strong girls.”

“What, like 'Ashley'?”

Ashley laughed. “Yes, for example.”

Jasmine shrugged. “I'm not really a fan of 'Reagan', or I wouldn't go by my middle name.” She looked around.

“I guess everybody else has already settled in. Let's go find out which room they left us.”

Ashley realized this silly episode about their name had been a bit of a bonding experience. Good. One step towards getting into the brunette's pants.

They didn’t have time to get settled in properly, but just from a quick glance, the room seemed rather nice. Small, but tastefully decorated, with clean bathroom to the right, and lots of closet space and storage cupboards all around. And most importantly, a single king-size bed, which suited Ashley’s needs just fine. Jasmine was already in running tights and only had to change her shoes. Ashley made a deliberate show of first pulling off her jeans, and then starting to dig into her bag while wiggling her butt around in just her panties (it was rare enough for her to wear panties in the first place). It took her a good minute to get into proper workout gear, and she caught Jasmine peeking at her while looking slightly embarrassed more than once. Now, there was nothing to stripping down to your underwear in front of teammates, they did in in the locker rooms all the time. Jasmine’s unusual reaction told her, again, that she might have a chance with her.

Despite being the last girls to get to their room, they were among the first to arrive fully suited up in the lobby. They waited besides the rather annoyed-looking trainers, for the rest of the team to arrive. When they were finally complete, Humphrey ranted on punctuality, tardiness, and proper discipline in sports for a few minutes. Then they assembled in a more-or-less orderly fashion to jog over to the training area.

It became apparent that Ashley was the only one there without a dedicated personal training plan. All this effort did seem ridiculous for not even two full days, but again, the funding depended on exact documentation. Since it would probably not be too good for motivation of the team as a whole to see her goofing off, Ashley decided it would just be cardio for her.

Not before she had a little fun, though. The training area was very well equipped for a hotel, and Ashley had a go at pretty much everything. It didn’t go too well. She missed the perfect take-off point at the high jump, and took down the bar with her ass, somehow nearly skewering herself. Her sprint results were a disaster. And long jump… oh boy. She faceplanted in the jump pit and had to spit out a mouth full of dirty sand, conclusively proving the was really just a runner, and little else. After the laughter around her had died down, she was politely asked to stop messing around and distract serious athletes from their work. She ran laps for the rest of the day. She didn’t mind.

It was the same Italian restaurant they always dined at on the first day (or so Ashley was told, as this was her first time on this trip). Not really posh, but quite a bit more fancy than any place that is usually frequented by broke college students. A bit of a treat for the very successfully team. Usually the only treat they got all year, besides the trip itself, of course. Track & Field was not exactly the most prestigious sport to begin with, so the budget wasn’t terribly large.

The girls had assembled around the largest table this establishment had to offer. Giant plates of steaming pasta were passed around, the antipasti were phenomenal, and everything smelled of spices. The girls at south end of the table, where Ashley and Jasmine were sitting, were trying not to draw too much attention to that fact that they had managed to procure a few bottles of wine. Ashley was pretty sure that out of the university staff only Humphrey had noticed, and he didn’t say anything. Ashley wasn’t quite sure why the waiter kept bringing her more. Either he didn’t notice she was three years younger than the girls surrounding her, or maybe a true Italian just couldn’t be forced at gunpoint NOT to serve wine with dinner.

Truth be told, she didn’t actually like the wine that much. Not that it mattered. Jasmine liked it, and was well into her third glass already. Ashley noticed she had put on light makeup. Just some mascara and colored moisturizer, but in contrast with the mostly barefaced athletes around her, it stood out quite a bit. ‘And she did that to impress who exactly? Me?’

The wine seemed to pass right through Ashley. It added to her 20 hour bladder, drop by drop, milliliter by milliliter. And that brought her mind back to a topic she had been trying to address with Jasmine since morning. She peeked around, but no one was paying any attention to them. The background noise was pretty intense. The women at the foot end of the table were discussing their student loans – a rather depressing topic. The girl who had sat next to Jasmine, had slipped away to go where neither Ashley nor Jasmine had been in a very long time.

She looked around again, but there was still nobody even glancing in their direction. She slid into the empty chair.

“Hey beautiful.”

Jasmine blushed. Well, it wasn’t that obvious, she was already red in the face from the alcohol, so maybe Ashley was imagining things.

She lowered her voice. “About out conversation at the road run last semester...”

“Um...”

Now Jasmine was definitely turning a darker shade of red. And she looked around in the same way Ashley had done just a few seconds ago, coming to the same conclusion. They had as much privacy as anyone was ever going to have in a crowded restaurant.

“What… what about it?” Sheepishly.

Ashley smiled. “You haven’t gone to the bathroom all day, have you?”

“No, I haven’t. It helps me focus.”

“Focus, yes. This is not the only thing that is going on here.

A deeper red was hard to imagine. “Wha… what do you mean?”

Now or never. Under the table, Ashley placed one hand on Jasmine’s rock-hard bladder. Jasmine flinched, drew in a sharp breath, but didn’t push her away.

“You hold because it feels good. Sexually, I mean. I know that, I do it too.”

Jasmine exhaled slowly. She seemed downright relieved to be rid of the secret. Even better, she was talking to someone who understood! Even the color of her face was approaching the normal ‘slightly tipsy’ tone again.

“Yes. It makes… um… the sex better. All kinds of sex, masturbation, too. A lot more intense.” Her voice was coy, but no longer flustered.

Enough nonverbal cues and subtle flirting. Ashley was about to state explicitly what she wanted.

“I’ve been hoping we could do something about our mutual attraction. Maybe explore this little fetish of ours together? I will...”

“Excuse me, you’re sitting on my chair.”

“Oh, yes, sorry.”

Ashley got up to make room for the seat’s original occupant and sat down opposite Jasmine again. She looked into the brunettes face, quizzingly. Jasmine met her gaze, was able to stand it for about half a second, then looked away.

‘Goddammit! Did I come on too strong? Was that too much? No, I had to, we would have been dancing around each other for days if I hadn’t.’

Ashley was willing to accept a ‘No’, but the unresolved sexual tension was killing her!

[...]

*018*2018-10-28 08:42

Well, you could get the idea that I deliberately put in that line, just to have a particularly evil place to cut for a cliffhanger.

I'd like to use this opportunity to thank our very own @sirrliv

, who originally devised this chapter. Thank you for the inspiration, my friend.

Please stay tuned to this frequency, there is more to come.
