Of course I can hold it!

Author: Ranpalan

*000*2016-09-27 22:42

Here's the first part of the story I wrote in response to satyr's request

, to thank him for his great story

. I've not yet gotten to the actually interesting part, this is just a bit of set-up; still, there's desperation, so I might as well post it. (Sorry, I'm a slow writer.) I'm not really happy with how it's turning out, so if anyone has comments or suggestions, I'd love to hear them.

Without further ado,

Of course I can hold it!

"Hurry up, hurry up, hurry up!" Amy moaned, "I have to fucking pee!"

Clara sighed. The redhead always had to pee. They had been roommates for two years now, and no matter how grown-up they felt by day, Amy still never had much bladder control when alcohol was involved. They were drinking lager that evening, and the refills came at the same time, so it wasn't a matter of volume or intoxication, yet Amy was squirming around with one hand in her crotch and Clara very emphatically wasn't.

It's not that she didn't have to go. She could feel the urge, and if she had been entirely alone, she would probably have briefly crossed her legs and paced back and forth while waiting. They were almost home, but the elevator was taking its time and their last pints were catching up to them. Clara was about to mention her own need when Amy called her out on it first.

"And you can stop acting like you don't have to go," she said, "I know you were brought up all proper but there's no way you're not about to piss your knickers!"

"I'm fine, really," Clara replied, "I've got to go a bit, but you know me. I can hold it all day."

Amy broke out in a giggle.

"Yeah right, I'd like to see you try that! With your coffee addiction?" she said, then tensed up, "Don't make me laugh, I almost lost it..."

The elevator doors opened and they walked in. Amy stood stepping from one foot to the other and drawing quick breaths, her hips swaying. Her right hand was still buried in the folds of her skirt, while her left held a railing for balance. Her cheeks, already red from the alcohol, seemed to be reddening further as she muttered curses under her breath.

"Oh fine, I do have to go quite a bit," Clara admitted, "But unlike you, I'm still completely dry."

"Fuck you, I'm going first," Amy said, "You can have the shower."

"Deal," Clara mumbled. With a curse and then a sigh of relief, she undid the button on her jeans. She wasn't going to hold herself, she was above that, but she couldn't help bending over a little.

The girls hobbled out as soon as the elevator doors opened again, Clara getting to her keys first and opening the front door. As soon as it was open, Amy rushed past her and into the bathroom, not bothering to take off her shoes; stashing the keys away, Clara followed her example. She ran into the bathroom when Amy was mid-stream, pulled her pants to her knees, and then hobbled the last few steps to the shower. Her bladder let go when she was half-squatting, making her twist around to not get her pants wet.

"So much for holding it all day," Amy commented.

"I had beer, and... Are you pissing your panties?" Clara replied, suddenly noticing that her redhead friend had only pulled up her skirt.

"They were all wet anyway!" Amy said, her blush growing even deeper, "Anyway, I'm not the one pissing in the shower!"

Clara sighed. It wasn't like Amy had never pissed herself before, anyway. There had been times when Clara would have as well, had there not been such conveniently placed alleys on their way home. Tomorrow, they would both only have vague memories of what had happened and it would all be just another drunk story to laugh about.

Amy finished peeing, pulled off her panties and threw them across the room. Clara's stream was dying down as well, and soon the girls were in the kitchen, drinking a glass of water against the hangover and Clara was complaining about having to get up early. Not long after, after another pee each, they were lying in their beds, the world was only spinning a little, and sleep was soon to come.

###

The alarm blared through the room. If this was some kind of fetish story, Clara would jolt awake to the fullness of her bladder, realise she couldn't hold it, and piss all over her bed. If the story was on the cutesy side, she'd break out crying and Amy would come in to comfort her, leading (of course) to passionate lesbian sex. The reader need not worry, though: Amy has had more to drink than she can handle last night, and she is about as likely to get up and walk to Clara's room as she is to wake up in a dry bed. Clara is not the one with a wetting problem.

Nevertheless, Clara jolted awake to the fullness of her bladder, turned over, slammed snooze, and slept for another five minutes. Jolting awake again, she slammed snooze, sat up, turned off the alarm, and went to the kitchen.

Clara did not like having a full bladder, in the same way people typically don't like having dirty dishes standing around: she would get around it eventually. Clara also did not like mornings, in the same way people typically don't like any kind of withdrawal symptoms: hence the kitchen.

She turned on the light, cursed, turned off the light, fumbled with the coffee machine in the dark, turned on the light, cursed, and got her cup. She then sat down shivering, still wearing only her panties, and rested her head against the wall.

Opening her eyes what felt like a moment later, she discovered that enough time had been enough time for the machine to produce a mug's worth of coffee; the timing was more a matter of experience than luck. Coffee in mug, she went back to her room sipping it and picked out a new pair of jeans and a tank top, drinking more as it cooled. The world was starting to become tolerable.

Coffee finished and clothes chosen, Clara grabbed a towel and walked into the bathroom. Her bladder was steadily becoming less tolerable, as it always did when she knew she could go soon. Not that it was anything she couldn't manage; her panties were still dry when she pulled them down, sat down on the toilet, and let it all out.

Amy's weren't. It was a stray thought, brought on by a bit of grey in the corner of her eye: Amy's panties were still lying on the other side of the room, drenched in pee. Clara's memories of last night were more than a little hazy, but the sight of the panties was bringing some things into focus.

"So much for holding it all day..." rang in her ears again. She could do that easily. She'd show Amy. She wasn't the type to run off to the bathroom between every lecture. Sure, she did usually go during lunch, and then another time before leaving university, but she didn't have to. She was going to be fine.

The rest of the morning went much as always. A shower, another cup of coffee, some cornflakes, a quick brush of the teeth and, just in case, another morning--

Clara froze, her panties half-way down. Would it still count as holding all day if she went now? She barely had to go, though her bladder, suspended as it was above the toilet, was still hopefully contracting. Pushing the urge back, she stood up, pulled up her panties... and sat back down, pulling them down again and letting her bladder empty after all.

This story would have been a good deal shorter if she hadn't done that, as the power of her stream would prove. She probably wouldn't have wet herself on the bus, but she also wasn't likely to have managed the first lecture. With the second morning pee done, things weren't going to get interesting until lunch, so that is where we will continue in the next chapter.

*004*2016-10-31 00:30

Lunch. Lunch would come soon; lunch had to come soon. Lunch was only the halfway point, but if she managed to wait through lunch, everything would be fine again. Lunch. Five minutes to lunch. Lunch any moment now.

Clara was a person of habit. One time, she'd gotten stuck in a traffic jam for six hours and she'd been fine. One time, she'd locked herself in her room and only succumbed to peeing in the trash can after eight hours. One time, she'd played Edward Fortyhands and won, and she was the only one who didn't pee until she was done, and that was with alcohol. Clara had a bladder of steel, and she knew it. But Clara was also a person of habit.

Her day typically consisted of four lectures, each two hours each, and each with a short break in the middle. She wasn't one to get out during the short breaks: preferring to sit in the middle of a row, in the front if possible, she always felt a little guilty about disturbing all the people who stayed in their seats. Furthermore, she usually didn't yet need to go all that bad between the first two lectures, and if she went then, she'd surely end up going between every two lectures, and she knew she could do better than that. Hence, lunch seemed to always be the best moment, and before even the first term ended every lunch break started with a trip to the loo.

Clara crossed her legs. It was all in her mind: she usually didn't have any trouble with waiting for lunch, even though knowing she'd go soon made it worse; but now knowing she wouldn't go soon made it worse yet, and it was only a little mental arithmetic that kept her on track. Two cups of coffee at home, of which perhaps one was still in her system. Half a bottle of water during the first lecture, and one cup of coffee right after it. She was trying to avoid coffee, but having fallen asleep at least five times in the first lecture made her reconsider that. All in all... Two times two hundred, plus perhaps two hundred fifty? Six hundred fifty millilitres. She could hold that. That's barely more than a pint, and even with beer, she never went until after her second pint.

The lecture ended and people started filing out. Lost in thought about why it's so bad, Clara almost took her usual route past the second floor bathrooms (always empty). Not today. If not for her resolution, she'd be hobbling up the stairs now, just as she had the few times that she drank an extra cup of coffee. That was why she made a habit of using those bathrooms: one time, there'd been a line for the ones downstairs, and she had almost wet herself from worry of not making it. That had been long ago, though.

The hardest part was to keep walking. The signs were right there: gents' to the left, ladies' to the right. She could hear complaints from the ladies' room, and she could imagine how bad and how good it would be to be there: the sound of people washing their hands, the streams of those peeing, but also the knowledge that just a few more minutes and she could let it go. Just keep walking, just keep tensing your thighs and swaying your hips the slightest bit; just don't think about that moment of release...

It passed when she sat down in her usual alcove in the hall. One of the walls was lined with them: isolated spots where you could fit perhaps half a dozen people, and which offered a semblance of privacy. Needing to pee there was unusual: Clara only went to the alcoves at lunch, right after her pee, when she wouldn't be peeing for hours.

Clara's body seemed to get the hint. She tried to spend lunch reading, as always, but in truth she spent lunch biting her lip and looking at her watch and hoping it would be over already, and wondering if she could afford to get another coffee without risking an accident. She always had a coffee with lunch, and her body was telling her it was the right thing to do, but she had to go, and time was ticking slowly, and, and...

Slamming her book shut, Clara stood up. The sudden movement made her flinch, made her tense up her thighs again and bend the slightest bit over, but had already made a decision: she was tired of this. She was the boss, and her body would do what she said. She could bloody well hold it, even with another coffee. Being worried was just giving in to the enemy: she had to be bold.

When the machine asked her for the size, she chose the biggest they had, and instantly regretted it. Maybe not that bold, a part of her said; the other part said Drink! and that was that.

###

Surprisingly, the first half of her third lecture went fine. She really could hold it. She never needed to pee during the first half of the third lecture, and her body wasn't going to make her today, either. The coffee was almost gone and wasn't helping, but it was a vague understanding that a bathroom would eventually be necessary, not the desperation she felt before lunch.

You can go pee now, said a part of her when the break came about. She could. She was sitting inconveniently, but she could climb over the table behind her and that row was almost clear. And she did have to go. She'd been shifting from side to side a little near the end, and her left hand was constantly on her knee, as if ready to go for her crotch if there was any sign of danger. She could go and nobody except her would know, since Amy would have forgotten, and anyway, it was a stupid challenge anyway.

She peered past the people in her row, first right, then left. She could go, but she didn't want to climb over anything. In fact, she could probably make it to the bathroom if she took really small steps, but she really hoped that there wouldn't be a line. She definitely couldn't bear standing in line, but she wasn't sure about making it up any stairs, either. She bit her lip and leaned over forwards a little. The people to her right were working, but the people to her left were talking, and seemed likely to move out of the way any minute now. She could hold it two minutes, and then she'd go when they moved. She crossed her legs and bobbed up and down. Time was going slowly, and they were talking, and talking...

She had imagined getting up and bolting as soon as they were out of the way. In reality, Clara stood up slowly: carefully uncrossing her legs and immediately pressing them together, carefully unbending from her forward-hunched position and standing up straight. She was still bouncing on her feet a little, still biting her lip anxiously, still clenching a fist by her waist, wishing she could just get over her shyness and grab her crotch.

People sat down. The lecture started again. Clara was one of the last ones to sit: she'd doubted to the very last moment whether to stay or to take this final chance to rush to the bathroom. In the end, she repeated the procedure backwards: bending forward and then slowly sitting down, then recrossing her legs. Her hips were constantly swaying now, left-right, left-right...

She wasn't sure exactly when she started holding herself. It helped, briefly. She held on, despite the numbness, despite the coffee, despite knowing how good it would feel to finally let go. Her anger was coming back and she grabbed herself firmer.

Clara had a plan. She would hold it to the end of the lecture and then she would go to the bathroom. She would hold it there if there was a line, though she really hoped there wouldn't be. She would feel much better then, and then she would go to her next class, which was...

Which wasn't a lecture, now that she thought about it. She was a TA next period. She had to get there, unlock the room, give back homework. She was definitely going to pee before she did any of that. The class was practically next door so it would be a bit of a detour, but she'd have time. She would give it all back with a smile, and tell them what they did wrong, and maybe a few would learn from their mistakes, but it would just be life as usual and she would not be afraid of peeing her pants any second.

The lecture would be done any minute now. In fact, it was supposed to have ended already, Clara realised looking at the clock. Minutes ticked on. They usually had fifteen minutes break between courses, but some people just didn't know how to plan their time. Clara was bouncing in her chair now, not bothering to even listen, just looking at the clock, counting seconds, so numb down there that she wasn't even sure whether she had leaked or not.

She definitely leaked when she stood up. The fifteen minutes had gone past, and by the time people were done filing out, another two were gone. The bathrooms were three minutes walk away, and Clara honestly wasn't sure she could make it that long. She wasn't sure whether the stains on her jeans were visible. She wasn't sure if people noticed she was hobbling, bent over, fists clenched and her lower lip bleeding from the bites. She wasn't sure the next step wouldn't be the last.

Discipline is a tough thing. Her students had arrived. The classroom was along the way to the toilets, and desperate as she was, she unlocked it for them, and walked in, and got out the old homework, and put it on the desk. Against all reason, she had to believe she could at least do that much. It sounded so simple, when she was planning it: now even just getting it out was an ordeal, having to let go of her crotch and step from foot to foot while she opened her bag, took out the envelope, felt a wetness by her knee, opened the envelope, took the homework out, felt it spread lower, put them on the desk...

"Hey, can I ask something?" asked a girl. Clara knew her name; had known her name, but she couldn't remember it now. She wasn't holding herself, she couldn't do that in front of her students, but she was bouncing on her toes.

"Hang on, one--" she began.

"It's really short!" the girl interrupted, "I just--"

"I'm going to pee myself if--" Clara replied, and she did.

She had barely even felt it starting. Her thighs and knees was where it was clearest first: she could feel the wetness running down, getting stronger, her socks soaking it up as it ran down. Then came the peeing itself, once the initial burst was done, the feeling of releasing a torrent and the powerlessness that comes with it. She grabbed the table and leaned on it, her breath coming in gasps and her muscles giving in to exhaustion. Her eyes were closed. Her feet were wet through and through. So were her pants.

She was, she realised after a while, empty. She opened her eyes again.

Ever since, she went to the bathroom every break.

###

As I mentioned above, this was written for satyr. I hope you guys liked it. :)

*011*2016-11-05 23:31

Thank you for the encouragement! I was planning to keep this a one-shot, but if people have specific wishes I might write a few episodes.

