Rune Story

Author: Rune Vesgina

*000*2020-07-13 07:14

Before going into the story, I said something because I am not European.

I'm not very good at grammar, so some parts or some words may be wrong. I'm sorry

Chapter 1: female doctor

"Ahh I…It l… little Ahh! co..coming o..out " I say while both hands pressed on my pussy.

" M…. Me...t...too Ahh! " The nurse responded by squatting the floor and using the heels to push her pussy.

If you ask how we are in this situation? Probably have to go back 1 hour ago.

Oh, I forgot to introduce myself.

I Rune 25 year old special tutor about water magic Able to control various water Even the urine in the body but in the last few days, I have had bladder problems. Tend to leak while I teach it is very problematic for sexy people like me. I decided to take a one-day teaching leave in order to treat this condition at a hospital affiliated with the school I taught.

The queue for the sick people is quite a bit today, so it's up to my queue quickly.

"Invited Ms.Rune to see a doctor now "

After I went to the room as one nurse announced in that room, it was a normal room. There was a female doctor wearing a dress with a pink skirt and a nurse's robe covered with long blonde hair as old as me.

" Ms.Rune right? Nice to meet you. I doctor Angeliga you can call me angel do you have any problems? "

I told my symptoms to the doctor.

" Okay, maybe you will have to test it for me a bit so I can correctly diagnose what it is. "

Then angel take one pill.It is a diuretic with the conditions of this experiment.

" You must take this medicine and hold it for as long as possible and do not use magic at this time."

" O… Okay " I accepted the condition easily, but I didn't let my dress get wet in front of a female doctor who challenged me that easily.

" But you have to take that medicine with me because it's embarrassing when pissing in front of people of the same age."

Angel was a little surprised to hear the condition I was telling and say

" Okay I've never met the person I tried and challenged me before. Well, I accept."

And she took another diuretic and took it with me after taking the medicine, the two of us talked about various things, whether it was my dress, which was put on a white shirt and a short skirt Favorite food and more, even underwear that are worn today

The experiment passed for 15 minutes. bladder began to pressure, causing me to start moving my legs a little and angel began to ask

" How do you feel now"

" Feeling like going to a little girl's ro.. Ahh!"

I feel my pee being leaking I touched my finger on my skirt. It was dry but my floral underwear felt a little damp

Half an hour after taking a diuretic, I began to cross my legs now and angel asked

" D… Do you h.. have anything w… wrong? " Angel asked very closely. Now she began to cross her legs at certain times

" I.. I… Ah!!" I felt the peeing that was plunging into my underwear.

Felt that if I had spoken it there would be a leak

" Y… You can not s… speak while holding p… pee. Okay. "

" I have to p.. pee or not " After the angel had finished speaking, she reached for the door lock, but

" The door d… doesn't move."

" W… What.. Ah! " I exclaimed that I forgot what I should do now that I shouldn't say anything

" No, m….my pants "Angel spoke while her posture was in a standing position, squeezing her legs and hands in her pussy.

After about 20 minutes, after that

Right now, I and Angel can't move their bodies, otherwise Pee will come out.

" No… My pants are g… getting wet "

Angel complains and discusses her dress, revealing a sexy pink g-string to keep her dress wet from peeing

I myself should do as the angel does, but my tight skirt is afraid that if I get up, it will touch my bladder and it will be wasted so I had to use my sphincter and all my strength to hold onto it and the time has passed, to the present that I and the angel have reached the limit we can not hold back any longer

"Ahh I…It l… little Ahh! co..coming o..out Ahhh!"

" M…. Me...t...too Ahh! "

" I… I w… won't Ahhhhh! "

I used my best strength to pull my underwear down, but

" ahhhhhhhhhhhhh! "

My body stopped because of the cramps And Pee finally comes out

" No, not now. Let me pull on my pa… "

Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Pee tried to warn her of what she was facing my pee came out so long that I had pissed

" arrrr it won't stop "

Angel that saw me pissed on and tried not to look but But my pee sound makes she anxious And my pee has run out of time since I pee out about 69 seconds

" *Sob* *Sob* "

I was crying as I was 25 years old but I pissed like a child who had never been to the bathroom and angel came to comfort me

" Never mind rune"

I feel good, but I noticed that you comforted me when your pee was pouring out

" I don't care about my dress. Now I want you to know that you now have another person who is in the same situation. "

After the incident, angelica and I changed clothes at the same time and revealed each other's sexy naked bodies And both decided to exchange pee wet underwear to show their friendship

" Hope to see you again "

" I hope so"

End Chapter

*001*2020-07-22 04:48

Chapter 2 : In homeroom

The next day, after the incident with me and angelica I returned to my own room with Angel's wet g-string. It's a very sexy underwear for me. I slept in my bed without eating dinner because that accident made me tired.

Another awareness was the next morning. I look at the clock 7.50 am I have taught at 8.30 am

( Oh! It too Late! )

I hurriedly got out of bed, dressed in a white dress, didn't have time to go to the bathroom.

I drank iced tea and picked up the bread I prepared in the fridge, locked the room and used the magic broom to go to school as quickly as possible.

I arrived at school and looked at the clock Now, at 8.20 am, there's no time to stop anywhere. I hurriedly stepped my foot to the room. I entered the classroom and saw my students sitting at their desks.

“ Everyone respects Miss. ”

She is the leader of the room called Reyko.

“ Hello Miss Rune ”

“ Hello everyone.Today, what I will teach you is to move water into another container. ”

“ Everyone, the rule of transferring water to other containers is that they are the same type.

For example, these two bottles. ”

I took two bottles and put them on the table first bottle has full water, but the other doesn't have water. I used my finger on a bottle with water and then touched a bottle without water.

From then, the water from the first bottle gradually decreased and the second bottle began to gradually increase water.

“ This is the first rule of moving water to other containers. ”

“ And the second ru….. ”

“ S...sorry miss ”

One student raised his hand. Her name is sadako She stood up with her legs clasped and said

“ C...can I go to the bathroom, Miss? ”

“ Okay, sadako san came to me first and I asked whoever came. ”

“ Me Please / Me Please ”

Another student raised her hand named Maya but there was another student who raised their hands too she is Reyko

“ Ok both of them come together ”

Both reyko and maya come to me

“ This is the second rule of transferring water to other containers is to move water from one body to another such as moving the urine, using your finger to touch the water, should touch the server as close to the urine as possible ”

Then I touched my sadako's pelvis and then touched the reyko and maya's pelvis at the same time.

“ I don't feel like pee anymore ”

“ Ahhh! / Ahh! ”

“ I feel the growing urinating urine. ”

“ M...Me too ”

“ During the first phase of the urination, the person receiving the bladder will feel severe pressure. ”

“ This rule has the following conditions :

1. Pee moved will be divided equally.

2. Cannot move water in one's own body to others

And 3 ..... ”

I stopped talking for a moment because of the third condition.

“ Miss? ”

“ The third condition is related to moving water in each body. Will be given a status as well. Everyone's bladder will become weaker in half, including those who move ”

“ W…..What! ”

" h… how many minutes does this status take effect? MISS! "

" The timing of this status is uncertain, sometimes only 10 minutes. At the worst, it was an hour. "

Fortunately, there are fewer than ten people in each classroom, so it's easy to control and my room only has 4 people including me

“ Anyway, we have to endure until this status disappears. ”

“ Okay ”

Everyone decides to continue their studies regardless of their status. The study continued until 10 minutes had passed. The effect of iced tea was working. My bladder started to increase, but I decided to continue teaching. Even though I tried to do as the angels said, try not to Hold back too much

5 minutes later, the status still remains. I can not teach peacefully. My legs are shorter, more intense and for a while, everyone started to get up and say.

“ M….Miss It….coming ou…. AHHhhhhhhhhh! ”

“ M….me….Me….too Ahh! ”

“ Ha…..ha…..Ha…...ha ”

“ I understand that the bathroom door will be locked until it's time to rest. I reached the limit to…….. Ahhh! ”

My floral underwear was supporting my pee until now it was damp and could no longer be supported.

“ How many minutes left to rest? ”

“ 20 minutes remaining ”

“ 2...20 minutes! Do I have to wait until then? ”

After 5 minutes, everyone's pee can crack at any time. Me and my students can't move at this time. Now I'm trying to discuss my dress so that my dress is as wet as possible, at least as wet as my underwear. Everyone saw what I was going to do and would follow.

Maya slowly got up to release the short jeans but

" NO! NO! No! Not now ahhhh! "

PPPPPPPPPPSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

Maya's urine came out as soon as she got up piss sounds make me and everyone in the room sensitive. And the next lucky person is……

" Miss, I can't hold it anymore and will coming out . Ahhh! "

Sadako squatting and spewing her white underwear and….

PPPPPPPPPPPSSSSSSSSSSSShhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

Maya released her urine in front of me and reyko it made me more nervous, but when I turned to look at the classroom leader, it surprised me

" Ah, it feel good"

At the bottom of the reyko, there are wet patches and puddles appearing, probably occurring with the sadako's pee.

I use my last strength to wait for the rest.

And the time has passed and only 2 minutes is time to rest

" Hold it Miss! "

" Yes Miss! you can do it"

" Do not give up Miss Rune "

Everyone encouraged me with all my might

" ha… Ha...ha"

I can't speak words Grit my teeth and tighten all the muscles to prevent urination.

Suddenly

*Ding* *Dong* *Ding* *Dong*

The sound of heaven rang through the room with me that stood still and

" No not at time ahhhhhh! "

Shhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

My urine burst out, soaking up my dress.

" Miss! "

My urine came out for a minute and a half and didn't seem to stop.

Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

" AHhhhhhh! "

" It.. It won't stop "

Urine was depleted a minute later

And my students and I decided to remove the lower part so that everyone's genitals could be seen.(Because everyone is all women)

" \\\\\, It very embarrassing.///// "

Maya takes off her jeans and pink panties, revealing her pussy

" \\\ Why did I have to encounter such an event? *Sob* *Sob*/// "

Reyko cried while taking off her white pants and striped leggings.Reyko's cute genitals make me feel even though I'm a girl

“ \\\\\\Why do I have to take off my clothes? My skirt isn't wet, Miss. ////// ”

Sadako although not wet the underwear, but if that gives sadako a little advantage because she will see the pussy of my friends in the room as well, but we will not see her pussy.

Sadako therefore needs to take off the skirt. And the white underwear down

“ To do this, everyone will be equal. ”

But even I say that, it's quite unfair for me. Because my dress is a white dress So I had to take off my dress and underwear and most importantly, I didn't wear a bra today. Making everyone see my whole body, pussy, butt, even my big breasts

“ If comparing the embarrassment of Miss Rune, our embarrassment is a little bit. ”

“ \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ Arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr///////////////////////////// I don't dare to teach now.”

I covered my face because I didn't want my students to see me in this condition.

And bring each others underwear with my magic and then hang it by the window

After they were dry, everyone hurried to dress up and departed home.

Next chapter :

“ Why do we dream about the same thing?”

“Too bad, rune In this dream, there was no bathroom anywhere.”

“ Mommy I can't hold it”

" We should pee in this room. "

