Humiliation at the Swim Meet - a female desperation story

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2018-01-08 02:20

CHAPTER 1

Alanna was a swim captain for her college’s swim team. She mastered the sport long ago, out swimming other girls, boys, hell even her coaches. There was even one time in high school she smoked something funny and hallucinated another version of herself in the pool and beat her as well. Her secret: well just like her two friends and teammates in the car, they drank plenty of fresh water. They each tried to get a gallon inside themselves a day.

“Delicious,” Alanna said, throwing an empty bottle past the backseat and behind into her car’s trunk. She was driving. She licked the last drops off of her lips slowly. “Mmm.”

She wore a tight, blue swimsuit. Over it right now was a short, tight t-shirt,white of course. Her friends wore the same over their suits.

Alanna sat next to Lexi. Lexi wore a tight purple suit. Both girls were sort of tan. But Lexi’s attitude was anything but a single shade. You could not know whether this girl was going to open her mouth to bitch at you from here to there, or if she would be all sweet and nice. Today, was not the sweet and nice. Lexi texted her boyfriend (they were back together after breaking up for the fourth time…fourth time last week, they have been dating for two months) and typed in angry emojis after every single word. “Fuck him, fuck his mother, and fuck the two of you,” Lexi said, pointing to her two friends in the car.

“The fuck we do?” Alanna asked. She held her belly as a slight pressure started to expand inside her.

Lexi said, “Because, I see those looks you two give me. You see me having an argument with Tim, and you’re judging me without knowing what we’re talking about.”

Alanna asked, “What are you-AH-talking about?” A slight pressure once again expanded inside. It was like a quick shock that made her screech just then.

“What, do you have to pee too?” Lexi asked. Her bare legs were crossed, folding nicely over each other as her foot dangled and waved. “Cause I sure do!”

“Me three,” said Sarah, the third friend in the car. Being a swimmer as well, she wore a tight purple and orange suit that went down to right above the knees and tightened over her muscular legs. Her suit was so tight she could barely cross her legs. And she REALLY needed to.

“Maybe we should pull over,” Alanna said. She looked out for the next exit, and as it came up, she took it.

“There’s a place,” said Sarah, pointing to a building on the left side of the road. It was a gas station. Very old it looked like, with only one pump.

All three girls got out of the cars pulling on their shirts and short shorts to straighten them out, and suddenly, all three bounced in place for a brief second. They all drank two bottles of water in the car, on top of the other three they had back at home during their morning workout at the gym. Their bladders had a lot of water in them in the form of yellow, warm pee. As they walked into the gas station with their backs straight up, arms tight on their sides and squeezing their lesg together they pushed one another out of the way in hopes to be first in grabbing the bathroom. Sarah had always been the fastest on ground, and she sprinted up to the counter and alerted the cashier.

“Excuse me!” Sarah said, catching her breath. “We need the bathroom. Look if we have to buy something or whatever I can pay I got the money, just-.”

“WHOA!” the cashier, an older gentleman said. “You can use the bathroom. But I hope you don’t need the toilet, only the sink works. The plumbing for the toilet clogged up with sewage waste. This damn place is old and should’ve taken care of it sooner I guess.”

All three girls dropped their jaws. Their legs turned inwards at the knees as their crotches shut tight.

“You’re fucking kidding me,” Lexi said. Her hands on her waist as her foot tapped aggressively. Clearly she was growing VERY desperate to PEE!

“Afraid not. Sorry girls.”

All three girls moaned and left the station. They got in the car and drove off.

They were running out of time. They tried a burger place and a bar. The burger place had an out of order for their bathrooms, and there was a line at the bar (it’s the afternoon, why were so many freaking people at the bar???).

“Ok,” said Alanna. “Can you girls like not wet my seats, please?” Alanna was bouncing in her seat, hands holding onto her crotch. The other two girls were squirming with intense desperation as well as a hot pain stabbed into their lower bellies, into their bladders. THEY HAD TO PEE BAD!

“Fuck we going to do now?” Lexi said, clearly pissed (no pun intended).

“H-H-hold it I guess,” Sarah said, struggling to say anything due to her growing pee desperation.

The finally made it to the swim meet. It took them a while to find a parking spot. Lots of other swimmers and supporters of all the competitors in this meet came. Poor Sarah had her hands deep in her crotch, plugging up her pee hole as she tried to block the ocean that boiled inside of her from exploding out. She was also squirming in her seat as she held herself. Her hips moved left to right. Her eyes closed for a brief moment as she tried to think of anything else.

“SARAH!” yelled Lexi. She pulled Sarah by the wrist out of the car. “We have to get going.” Lexi’s blonde hair waved back and forth as she bounced from foot to foot. “Ooooooh. And so do I!”

The three girls ran into the pool center building with their legs tight together, only able to run in tiny step so they could hold their muscular butt cheeks and vagina together and hold it all in.

They jogged in place as they looked left and right to find the bathroom on the map of the center. They ran down the hall and almost fainted from the horrors of what they saw: a line! At least a dozen girls outside the bathroom door, and then there was the line going around a wall so who knows how long it was? Son of a bitch!

“I can’t wait that-that long!” said Sarah in a panic, unable to form a complete sentence.

“Well…oh…ah…” Lexi struggled. “I h-h-have to.” She got in line. Alanna right behind her.

The intercom made an announcement, “Attention Swimmers! Round A swimmers, please report to the pool for your race. Round A swimmers.”

That was Sarah. She cried a little and bit her lips. Alanna and Lexi mourned for their friend as she stumbled away in pain.

Sarah stood in her tight swimsuit. Her swollen bladder had pushed inside her from it. It felt like a brick thrown one after the other into her lower belly. She was so sore and bent over part away holding herself.

“Swimmers!” said the referee. “On your diving boards.”

Sarah was last to get on top of hers. She placed knees on the board, plugged herself up with one hand in her crotch, and stood up.

“I cccccan’t h-hold it,” she cried. She felt herself starting to leak. Making a mess down there.

“On your mark…get set…GO!” and the referee shot his gun into the sky and made the swimmers dive. The sound of a gunshot shocked Sarah so much she popped. Pee exploded out of her, staining her swimsuit. She fell over crying. A puddle formed around her of her own urine. People looked at her, and she heard laughter. This was so embarrassing. She was an adult, this should NOT have happened.

TO BE CONTINUED…

*003*2018-01-09 23:39

CHAPTER 2

“What was that?” asked Alanna, still squirming in line next to her friend Lexi who bounced up and down just trying to survive.

“Sounded like a scream,” Lexi said.

Then they saw her: Sarah! Poor, young Sarah, she ran down the hall past her friends, still leaking all over the place. A thin, yellow stream formed behind her. She was still going, and could not stop. She held her crotch tight, sniffed through her tears as she cried from the humiliation.

“Sarah wait!” Alanna yelled. She placed out a hand, but Sarah pushed it away.

As for Lexi, seeing Sarah’s stream of pee only made thing worse for her. Lexi was at the point of no return, and knew she was about to explode any second. “Eeeeeeehh!” she moaned. Lexi looked to the side and saw the men’s room no longer had a line (typical). She gulped, formed an angry grin across her face as she already started to turn red. Her legs were crossed and twisted around each other as she bounced. It was now or never. “Fuck this!” Lexi said. She ran into the men’s room.

As her bad luck had it, all the stalls were occupied. “Shit!” There were a couple of spare urinals open for her if she dared. “Oh for crying out fucking loud.” The men in the room smiled as they felt their little friends between their legs grow at the excitement of watching this girl basically strip in front of them.

“Oh screw all you pervs!” Lexi picked a bar of soap in the urinal, clearly not disturbed by the contents that infected it, and tossed it hard at one of the guys in their junk. He fell to his knees letting out deep breaths. “Oh crap.” She pulled at her bathing suit. Between being tight as hell already to show off her rock hard, sexy, hot beach body and her bulging bladder, this thing would not pull down or to the sides. Lexi pulled at it with all her power. “Oh come on, come on, come on.” Between the flushes from stalls, urinals, and the sinks pouring out water, her pulsing bladder eventually gave out. “Oh no, oh no, NOOOOOO!”

BOOM! Her bladder burst. A stream for powerful it burned as it came out of the girl. It flooded her swimsuit, and then shot out of the sides of her legs and formed two messy puddles of pee on the sides of her. Lexi looked angry, but cried as well. She covered the front of her face with her hands. She ran away, but as her legs spread open from that, even more came out. The men stared in joy seeing a sight too good to watch.

Alanna saw her friend run away as well. “Oh,” Alanna said. She mourned her two friends, but also her own need to go was growing more painful.

One pulse after the other shot up and down in her body. They felt like stabs of intense pain that cut through her. Like butter!

“G-Gotta…h-h-hold on!” Alanna begged the heavens above for support. She stuck out her tongue. Whatever hydration she had was gone now and rocking around her bladder. Her bladder had grown so much it pushed against her intestines and caused aches of pain. “I hope I don’t crap myself too.” She kept her legs crossed. Every step she took had to be small and quick, and then cross those sexy legs again. Her crotch held together tight. “I can make it.” She was slouched over a bit, grabbing her crotch so hard it hurt like a vice grip. She heard the other women giggle at her dismay. “Fuck you,” Alanna said, turning to her enemies.

Finally! Alanna had reached the front of the line. Four stalls. She tried her best to ignore the sinks and flushes which destroyed Lexi not more than ten minutes ago. She took heavy breaths. She could NOT go through what her friends did. NO! Absolutely not! Then, a stall opened.

Alanna gave it all up, ripped her suit opened, and saw the toilet. Her escape. Her freedom.

“Move bitch!” said another female swimmer who kicked Alanna out of the way. A tall, tan Asian girl in a purple two piece.

“No!” Alanna said. She could not lose. Alanna shot up forward and pushed the bitch against the wall. Just like any good girl fight each girl pulled each other’s hair.

The hot Asian girl put Alanna in a head lock. Both girls were clearly desperate. Each keeping their legs crossed during the fight and bouncing. She tugged Alanna side to side, but Alanna, with her elbow, struck up into her opponent’s lower belly.

“Oh!” the Asian girl yelled. “I’m going to pop. I’m going to pop.”

Alanna used this time to make it to the toilet, but she was again pulled away and thrown into the sinks. The Asian girl gave her the middle finger as she shut the door and everyone heard her let out a moan of relief as what sounded like a Chinese waterfall roar from the stall.

Alanna, who held herself up on the sinks, accidentally turned them on by the sensors. The water hit her hands and sent shivers down her spine, her eyes rolled back, and BOOM! She was silent as everyone saw and laughed at this poor girl who let out a large puddle from under her. The mess was intense. As it leaked down her legs and into the puddle, all of it had sizzling bubbles that came with the pee from her boiling, bursting bladder. Alanna tried to run, but slipped on her own pee. That only shot more streams out, and was so bad it leaked outside the door, making those still in line clench to the side of the walls.

Alanna cried. Lexi cried. Sarah cried. The janitor lost big time.

THE END!

