Faith's desperate jog (A Sims 4 story)

Author: Red Simpson

*000*2020-09-05 15:12

This story was requested by @LifeIsStrange

If you want to make any requests feel free to DM me.

This story will be narrated from Faith's point of view though I have added " whenever there is conversation.

I hope you guys enjoy this story.

###

Ughhhh what a day.....Running around saving the world gets real tiring when you can't rest.$$

But today I Faith Connors, am ganna go on a relaxing run, no contracts, no deliveries just me and the breeze rushing through my hair.

$$

But first it's always good to stay hydrated.

$$

Wow when you're not getting shot at, this city at night is very pretty.....and I must admit I have a pretty hot body...

$$

$$

...and my body is full of pee!!!

$$

Ok......ok Faith you can do this you're a big girl......just gotta stay focused and keep pushing on.

$$

(30 minutes later)

Crap!!! I just leaked.....

$$

....I really need to find a bathroom and soon

$$

Oh fuuuck I'm soooo full.

$$

I think I saw a bathroom on the way here, just got to follow the man in the towel.

$$

Crap.....it's closed.....due to a busted stall, "Give me a break!!!"

$$

Man 1: "Well excuse you miss but some of us have to use the restrooms too."

$$

"S...s..Sorry...."

$$

Men are so lucky......if I was a little brave I'd go in.......but I can't.....I have to find another place to relieve myself.

$$

Fuck Fuck Fuuuuuck I can't wait I need to get out of here!!!!

$$

$$

Oh shit.....I.....I can't move or it all comes out.......come on.....please don't let go......

$$

"Nono Nonono NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!"

$$

Oh shit...did....did I just say that out loud?

$$

$$

$$

Oh fuck it's going everywhere.....I...I can't stop........I can't.......

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH OH FUCK YEEEEEAAAAAA!!!!!"

$$

$$

Oh god...everyone is watching me....fuck why does this have to be soooo humiliating and amazing at the same time.....I...I need to get home....now.

$$

