Omorashi Tutors: Videos not mine....

Author: Riverstone76

*000*2021-07-31 16:04

Omorashi Tutors:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/files/file/9143-dlsl-475-parts-1-2-3/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/files/file/9144-dlsl-475-parts-4-and-5/?do=embed"

I do not claim to understand everything that was said in these videos. Rather, this is my story based on these 15 episodes. Though, technically, I think the actress that plays the tutor has changed each time, I’m going to call the tutor by the same name, Tanaka Shiori. Shiori is her first name, and Tanaka is her last name.

I do not take credit for uploading the above files to Omorashi org, but I really liked them after watching them, and then I suddenly got idea for making a story based on a tutor from watching them. So, while the movies have nothing to do with me, I am making my story based on watching them.

Movie 1 episode 1:

Tanaka Shiori:

Twenty year old college student Shiori had a part time job tutoring junior high school students as practice for entering the teaching field. She was a third year student, when things started to get difficult for her.

This year, she met her worst student, Aoyama Miho.

The first session started as any other…. Shiori was greeted at the door of the home for the student, and then the third grade junior high school student, Miho, brought the teacher up to the room that was set up with a small table and space for the teacher to begin.

At first, Miho and Shiori started to get to know each other….

Miho: So, what year of college are you in?

Shiori: I’m in the third year. But I have a lot of experience tutoring because I’ve already been tutoring three other students.

Miho kind of wanted to use the bathroom, but she didn’t exactly know where it was, this was her first impression on her student and the students’ family, and she was already ten minutes late because she had trouble finding the place.

Miho: Oh, what a coincidence. I’m in my third year, though that’s junior high school and not college.

Girls: giggle.

Miho: So, I don’t mean to blame the teacher or say you are a bad teacher, but because you arrived late, we should go ahead and get started, because we will not have as much time to study today.

Shiori: Yes, I’m sorry. I know where you live now, so I promise this is the only time I’ll be late. Let’s do our best, and we’ll get through as much as we can today.

Shiori: But first, I haven’t had a chance to go to the bathroom because of having a hard time finding this place, so if I may use the….

Miho: Toilet?

Shiori: Yes, please? I’ll just be a moment, I promise. I just really need to go.

Miho: I see. Well, the toilet is down the stairs just in the small hall around the corner.

Shiori: So, if you don’t mind, I’ll just be a moment.

Miho: Yeah, it’s okay.

Shiori went down to the bathroom, but when she got there the toilet door was locked. She was a bit shy, so was a little nervous to knock on the door. First impressions are very important, you know, for first time students. After waiting a bit, she realized that she was also wasting class time, so she returned to the classroom to try to continue the tutoring class.

While Shiori was out, Miho had gone through her big bag and found her tea bottle that she had just basically started. Now, Miho really didn’t like studying, but her mom was very strict. Miho would do anything to get out of studying, and one of things that has worked until now, has been to make sure the sensei needs to use the bathroom for as much of the lesson as possible, so she slipped some special medicine in the sensei’s tea while she was gone.

Then Shiori returned to the small classroom….

Miho: Okay, so can we begin?

Shiori: Sure. I guess I’m ready.

Miho: So, I’m not good at history at all.

Shiori: Actually, when I was in junior high, I wasn’t that good at it either.

Miho: What? Sensei wasn’t good at it either?

Shiori: But you know, even in high school, the first year, I had trouble, but I found a good tutor, and little by little, I began to understand.

Miho: So, you really had trouble in history?

Shiori: It was my worst subject at the time. So, really you and I are alike, and I was able to pick it up, and I’m sure, if we work hard, you can do it, too.

Miho: Okay….

As Miho started to look over the worksheet she had from school to start studying the day’s lesson, she noticed that Shiori is fidgeting mostly with her blouse, and she knows how hot it is….

Miho: “I’m sorry sorry about our air conditioning. It’s really hot, is it?

Shiori: It’s okay. I’m really used to the weather in this area.

Miho: But I still feel sorry that the air conditioner is broken. You know, we have a cold drink, it you want?

Shiori: Actually, you know, I brought my own.

Miho: Okay, well, you should drink. I don’t want you to pass out while you are trying to tutor me.

Shiori: Don’t worry, I won’t. Thank you for your concern though.

Miho: Well, please drink it.

Shiori: Okay. (giggle)

While Shiori drank a bit from her tea bottle, the same one that Miho had put special medicine in earlier, Miho started to read the questions on the worksheet she needed to study from….

While Miho was reading over her worksheet and trying to understand it, she also wanted to have a casual conversation with Shiori, so she talked a little bit about school.

Miho: I am in the English club at school because I’m really not that good at sports. I really like English. So, what about Sensei? When you were in junior high, what club did you enjoy?

Shiori: Tennis.

Miho: Tennis?

Shiori: Yeah. That was ….

Miho: That’s wonderful! Sensei must be great!

Miho: So did you get on the A team on your first try and play for the school?

Shiori: Oh, not. I wasn’t that good.

Miho: Oh, I see… so….

Shiori: Wait. Just a moment, please. Um… I really need to go to the toilet again. I’m sorry, but I’ll be right back, I promise.

Miho: Yeah, okay.

But when Shiori got to the bathroom door, it was still locked. She tried to be a little more bold and even knock on the door, but there was no answer. She wasn’t sure what to do….

What Shiori had not known, was that Miho had secretly locked the bathroom door, in a way that only Miho knew how to do. So far as Miho knew, someone was taking a really long time, and she was wasting class time, and on top of it, it was starting to get bad. She didn’t dare go back to class still needing a toilet, so she tried an alternative, but then Miho’s mom caught her... in the shower room.

Shiori was just wrestling her panties down under her skirt, when the shower door opened on her, and she was confronted by the girl’s mother.

Mom: Who are you? What are you doing in here?

Shiori: I’m sorry. I’m the new tutor.

Mom: The new tutor? Oh, you must be Shiori?

Shiori: Yes, that’s me.

Mom: Well, what are you doing in here? I’m not paying you snoop around my house.

Shiori: I’m sorry.

Mom: Hurry up, go to the classroom space! My daughter is waiting for you!

Shiori: Yes, ma’am.

Shiori was so embarrassed about the mom almost catching her with her panties pulled down, that she didn’t even try to go to the toilet. Surely, the woman would be really upset, if she knew that Shiori was about to pee in the shower space….

Back in the classroom…

Shiori: I’m sorry. Let’s see what you’ve gotten so far?

Miho: Alright. So, the first place I’m having trouble is right here….

Shiori: (giggles) Okay.

Miho: So, I read the question carefully, and the question is just too broad. It seems there is too much information to shift through for this question….

While Miho tried to explain her problem for the sensei, Shiori was having difficulty concentrating because she was really fidgeting trying not to wet her pants in front of her student. She was scared to go back down stairs a third time, mostly because she felt like the mom was counting the money she was wasting now….

Miho: So, how can I find out who actually was involved in Japan’s revolution that changed the Samurai class?

Shiori tried to read through the text that was supposed to be read to explain the story of it all, but she was having difficulty concentrating because she was really feeling the burn and squirms from needing to pee. The hot thread was right at her hole, trying to push it open and come out! She was nervous, hot, and very worried she was going to wet her pants….

Miho seemed to be trying to read the passages again, looking for the words that they wanted in the short answer response, and she was looking to Shiori to help her, but Shiori was having her own problems. Her face was starting to sweat, her legs wouldn’t sit still, and her burning squirming was getting more and more insistent.

As Shiori got closer and closer to the breaking point, she started to get shy and embarrassed. She looked down and away from Miho, ashamed that she was having such a hard time in class, when she was supposed to be tutoring the younger girl….

Suddenly, the poor nervous tutor started to shake and pee uncontrollably while her student was still reading. She didn’t know that Miho had a little smirk on her face as her Tutor was wetting because Miho could hear the sounds even though she tried to pretend not to notice the wetting at first.

Then….

Because Shiori had a hard time controlling her breathing, and it got loud as she nervously pissed all over herself and then floor, eventually, Miho could not pretend to be completely oblivious, so she started cautiously….

Miho: Sensei?

Shiori: Yes?

Miho: Sensei?

Shiori: What?

Miho: There’s something all over the floor, isn’t there?

Shiori: Um… I… I didn’t notice….

Miho: So, you don’t know what that is?

Shiori: I… I’m not sure.

Miho: But it’s water, and it goes from all the way over here, to right up… um… under your chair, from… your skirt?

Shiori: I don’t know why.

Miho: Sensei? Do you think I’m stupid?

Shiori is too embarrassed to say anything now.

Miho: You peed your pants. You know that’s what’s on the floor!

Shiori: Don’t say that.

Miho: But it’s true. I should probably tell my mom.

Shiori: Don’t do that!

Miho: But sensei, you were bad. Weren’t you?

Shiori: Please stop that.

Miho: Sensei, you peed your pants. I’m going to record this with my phone….

Shiori was beside herself with shame and embarrassment.

Miho: I don’t understand, Sensei. You asked to use the bathroom like twice, didn’t you? You had a chance to go!

Shiori: But the toilets wasn’t free. It was locked.

Miho: Okay, but you should have said something about that.

Shiori: Please stop.

Miho: Sensei, this is serious. If I were in school and I did this, I’d be in trouble. Don’t you think it’s a bad example to pee in the class time?

Shiori: I know but….

Miho: Sensei. I should tell my mom what you did. There is proof all over the floor what you did.

Shiori: Please.

Miho: Lift your skirt. Let’s see how wet your panties are.

Shiori: Stop that, please?

After getting her tutor’s panties exposed, Miho continued to shame the poor sensei.

Miho: Wow! You really did a number, didn’t you?

They fought over the skirt for a few more minutes, and then Miho started recording on her phone again.

Miho: Sensei, you need to apologize.

Shiori: Alright.

Miho: Tell us your name….

Shiori: My name is Tanaka Shiori.

Miho: What year of University are you in?

Shiori: My third year….

Miho: This is my house, Sensei. You know, if you were in charge at school, I’d be in real trouble, right?

Shiori: (nods her head)

Miho: If I tell my mom about what you did, do you think you’ll get paid? Do you think you’d still have a job?

Shiori (quiet)

Miho: You know I’m right. Now, you can do what I say, or I can post this everywhere on social media.

Shiori (nervous)

Miho: Do you think you’ll still have three other students if their parents see this video on line?

Shiori (shy and nervous)

Miho: If you do what I say, no one will see this video.

Miho: I want you take off your clothes….

Shiori (starts to lift her top)

Miho: No, take off your skirt. Come on, I want to see you drop your skirt.

Shiori was too embarrassed, nervous and upset, but Miho wouldn’t let her think about it.

Miho: Come on. Come on. Hurry up! Take it off!

Miho continued to encourage her sensei until she got her skirt dropped to her knees, and then she started to rush her to now slip her top off….

Miho: What are you wearing? That’s not cool at all! You are wearing mix matched underwear! Such a little girl act!

As the teacher hid her red blush face in her hands, Miho kept heckling her.

Miho: Such a little girl! You wet your panties, you are wearing mix matching underwear! You have really cute frilly panties on! What a cute little girl you look like!

Miho: Alright, I am recording more.

Shiori: No, wait, please… (very softly)

Miho: No. You need to let me, or I’ll tell everyone what you did. Your butt, too. Turn around. I want to get it all. Let’s see your back. Let’s see your back! Let’s see! (clap clap)

Miho: Yeah, that’s really a lot! You really did pee your pants, and you look like such a baby!

Miho: It kind of smells, doesn’t it?

Shiori: Yeah.

Miho: Okay, now you need to apologize. Come on, get in position to apologize….

Shiori: Okay. I’m sorry. I peed my pants during the tutoring class.

Miho: Alright, open your legs and let me get you after your apology…. Open your legs! Stand straight. Show your wet panties.

Once Miho got what she wanted, she made the teacher clean up her mess….

*001*2021-08-01 04:21

Omorashi Tutors:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/files/file/9143-dlsl-475-parts-1-2-3/?do=embed"

I do not claim to understand everything that was said in these videos. Rather, this is my story based on these 15 episodes. Though, technically, I think the actress that plays the tutor has changed each time, I’m going to call the tutor by the same name, Tanaka Shiori. Shiori is her first name, and Tanaka is her last name.

I do not take credit for uploading the above files to Omorashi org, but I really liked them after watching them, and then I suddenly got idea for making a story based on a tutor from watching them. So, while the movies have nothing to do with me, I am making my story based on watching them.

Movie 1 episode 2:

Tanaka Shiori: (Tutor 20 years old)

Aoyama Miho: (3rd Grade Junior High School Student 16)

Shiori had been teaching Miho for about six weeks, and they were now into the causes of World War II, and Japan’s stakes in the war. During the last two sessions, it seemed that Shiori was still a bit juvenile in that she was always picking up her cell phone about halfway into the tutoring session, and she had taken two or three calls during class, and the last time, was caught by Miho’s mom.

Miho told her mom that this was the best tutor since she had started trying to get tutoring, but her mom disagreed, and threatened to fired Shiori if she didn’t straighten up, stay off the phone, and pay full attention to her job during their class time.

Miho was a little bit upset about her mom’s decision, and she figured she needed to teach her tutor a lesson so she wouldn’t waste class time anymore….

Half way in the lesson, Shiori had retrieved her phone as she normally did, and while Miho was working on something that didn’t seem to need her attention at that moment, she checked for missed calls and messages.

Miho knew that she had to stop Shiori from getting in more trouble, so she started to skip a part of one of her questions to make sure that Shiori was actually paying attention.

Shiori: Excuse me, but did you see that part?

Miho: Oh, actually, I didn’t see that.

Shiori: Okay, well, look at this, and do you see?

Just as Shiori started to look back at her phone, Miho grumbled and sounded worried to make Shiori pay attention to her again.

Miho: Wait! I don’t get this part….

Shiori: What’s that?

Miho: Somehow, the Japanese government had done some quiet preparations before attacking America, but I can’t really see….

Shiori: Did you read this part, here?

Miho: Oh, I didn’t realize… so, this is one of the things that might have alerted America?

Shiori: Yeah, look. I mean, obviously Japan didn’t say it strongly, but read here….

Miho: Okay, so this answer is….

Shiori: Yes, that’s right.

As Miho got back to work, Shiori found that there was one very important call that she should take….

Shiori: Yes? Hello.

…

Shiori: Yeah, just a minute….

…

Miho saw Shiori taking one of her private calls again, and knew that she needed to do something to reign in the misbehaving tutor…. The rude tutor even left the room so she couldn’t ask her a question while she was on the phone….

….

When Shiori came back from her call….

Shiori: Do you have any questions?

Miho: This right here….

Shiori: Yes?

Miho: Is this what the Japanese said, or just what the Americans though?

Shiori: What does that say?

Miho: So, the Americans just thought it?

Shiori: That’s right….

Shiori: Excuse me, but am I allowed to get something to drink?

Miho: Oh, yes. I’ll get you something.

Shiori: Oh, I can just get something at the machine in front of the apartment.

Miho: Oh, no, that’s okay. We actually got some bottled water.

Shiori: Really? But I can….

Miho: No, no, really. We got the water for Tanaka Shiori Sensei, specifically. I’ll just go get it.

Shiori: But I can….

Miho: Please, just wait here. I promise, it’s okay.

Of course, Miho had wanted to get her water.

It was now, time for Miho to teach her tutor a lesson for always being on the phone. And while she mixed some special medicine, a bit stronger than the medicine she had at their first class, Shiori proved the mom and Miho right, because she was right on her phone again, while Miho was gone, checking her messages.

Then Miho got into a small argument with her mom.

Miho: But Sensei is very hot and thirsty, mom.

Mom: Well, bring her water earlier! I told you. You two are wasting money when she keeps taking a break!

Miho: I understand, alright? I’ll tell her to be more careful.

Mom: I saw her on the phone just a bit ago.

Miho: Alright. I understand. I’ll let her know.

Mom: Well, you are wasting money, so make sure she understands that!

Miho: Alright! I promise, I’m going to tell her, so don’t worry.

Shiori: I’m sorry, but was your mom a bit angry?

Miho: (After sensei drank a bit): Well, we are in class, right?

Shiori: Yeah, I’m sorry. So, let’s continue with this….

Miho: Okay, hold on. I think I get this part. Just let me, see, okay?

Shiori: Of course.

Shiori went back to reading her texts on her phone and even responding to some of them while drinking a little of the water that she was given….

Miho: Actually, teacher, can I talk to you for a minute?

Shiori: Oh, is there something you don’t get?

Miho: No, it’s not that….

Miho: It’s about my mom, right?

Shiori: um…?

Miho: Well, you see…. My mom….

Shiori: um…?

Miho: Well, Sensei… during tutoring time….

Shiori: Your mom is upset about something?

Miho: Well, like, for example, Sensei is always messing with her cell phone, and mom catches you making calls during class time, like just earlier, and how many times do you interrupt the class time for going to the bathroom….

Miho: … so, the teacher isn’t actually taking my study time that seriously. And your company charges us a lot of money for your time…. And Sensei should be more earnest than a student… and…. Well, maybe you should wait until after class to do all that stuff.

Shiori: Well, that is… I understand a bit, but to have to wait for the toilet, um… that’s not something that….

Miho: But Sensei understands, if I wasted your time, you would be a bit angry, wouldn’t you?

Shiori: um….

Miho: It seems you can start teaching well for about twenty minutes, but then for an hour and half, you aren’t really focused on the tutoring….

Miho: So, my mom is kind of thinking that maybe you don’t really want to be here doing this, and we should think about finding another tutor.

Shiori: Well, that’s not really what’s going on. I mean, maybe I can understand. Maybe I shouldn’t take out my cell phone anymore. Then would it be okay?

Miho: Well, it’s the fact you are wasting time in general, that is the problem. Mom is still wondering if I shouldn’t get a new tutor, and it’s embarrassing, but mom says I should talk to you because….

Miho: Well, if it were up to me, I like the way you connect with me, but you waste too much time, and my mom is the one paying for our class….

Shiori: That’s not really the truth, though, is it? She’s just being strict, isn’t she?

Miho: Well, really, as the teacher, you should be setting the example, shouldn’t you? I mean, if a student messes around in class, a teacher has a right to yell at the student, but don’t I have a right to expect the teacher to focus, too? Or is my mom too demanding?

Shiori: Well. No, I see. But….

Miho: You know, actually mom thinks that just going over my school work is not really enough for your job. You should really be teaching me, and therefore, you really should be feeling bored so that you are always on your cell phone.

(Gets up to lock the door)

Mom really thinks maybe we should keep the door locked, and you really should be spending the whole time actually making sure I am learning something, and you should make good plans that keep us working, so… if you can’t really do that….

Miho: You know, really sensei, if I did half the stuff you did, that would be bad, too. So, you cannot deny your behavior is bad, can you? So, if you want to keep tutoring, then you really need to think about how you are teaching…. So, mom is thinking about calling your company to complain about that. So… um….

Shiori: Okay, I understand. Let’s get back to work? Okay?

Because Shiori now realizes that Miho’s mom is really upset with her performance, and is thinking about calling her boss, which an get her fired, and maybe even in more trouble than even that, she gets too nervous to ask even as the strange medicine that was in her water is now starting to cause discomfort in her bladder….

Miho: Sensei. You need to really understand. If you leave this room for any reason from now until the end of class, my mom will call the office you work from. You can’t use the toilet until we end. Are you going to be okay?

Shiori: I’ll be okay. Please, let’s just get back to work.

Miho: Are you sure? You really look like you gotta use the toilet, but….

Shiori: I’ll be okay. Come on, let’s just do this….

Miho: Okay, so to make my mom happy, instead of me just writing, how about you explain this part to me in detail.

Shiori: Okay, let’s do that….

A few moments pass, but Shiori is just having a hard time to keep from wetting her pants to really think how to explain the point that Miho pointed out for her.

Miho: You really need to pay more attention and go to the toilet before class, don’t you?

Shiori: (to herself)-how am I going to teach like this? I need the bathroom so bad.

Miho: So, right here, I’m really having trouble understanding this part. You need to stop thinking about the toilet and try to explain, Sensei. I really don’t want my mom to call and complain and lose you as my tutor….

Miho: You still aren’t really saying anything, and I really don’t understand this….

Shiori gets so desperate, she reached around for the door to leave the room, but Miho can’t let her leave…

Miho: Sensei! Don’t unlock that door! You’ll get in trouble. Stop it! Come on, sit….

Shiori pulls her hand from the lock, but has to put it in between her legs to keep from wetting, only… it’s too late. Miho now stands up and rushes to the door to make sure it stays closed. Shiori needs to learn her lesson and stop interrupting lessons!

Miho started to try to get the teacher back to the lesson, but as Shiori’s breathing picks up, and she is having a harder and harder time, trying not to wet, Miho starts to get anxious.

Miho: Sensei!

But at that moment, it is really too late, and after a moment or two of silence, Shiori really started to leak into her pants, and it wouldn’t shut off.

Once Shiori stopped peeing, she started to whisper to herself that this wasn’t happening, but Miho was right there, forcing herself into the conversation.

Miho: What’s not happen? Sensei? What didn’t happen? You DID pee your pants, sensei. Look!

Shiori: Please, stop? Please? Don’t!

Miho: But why did you do this? You know better than to do this.

Shiori: Please. Stop touching me. Don’t look. Please.

Miho: But you are the one that peed your pants. You were doing bad stuff so that mom had to ask you are locked in the room, and then YOU peed your pants. This is your fault.

Shiori: Please stop. Don’t say it like that! I… I was trying to do what you wanted….

Miho: But Sensei didn’t even start explaining when we stopped talking. Look at this. Your pants are just soaked, sensei!

Shiori: Please. Stop that! It’s not right….

Miho: How can you talk about what’s right? Look at this mess! You are the one that is wrong.

Shiori: But it wouldn’t have happened if….

Miho: You mean if we just let you continue to be a bad tutor? Sensei, why can’t you learn from your mistake? Why don’t you take responsibility for wetting your pants?

Shiori: I’m not saying I don’t….

Miho: Then why are you acting like I’m the bad guy? I’m the one that tried to help you keep your job. I am the one asking my mom not to report you.

Shiori: But….

Miho: Do you want to return to the office like this? Do you want to go to your next customer like this? Is that alright with you?

Shiori: That’s…. no… I don’t know what to do.

Miho: Why don’t you know what to do? Do you want to leave this house like that?

Shiori: But, why should the student scold the teacher?

Miho: Look, you might want to say it’s my mom’s fault, but honestly, you shouldn’t have wasted time. My mom was waiting for something like this to happen again, so she’s going to report you…

Miho: But, Sensei? I don’t really blame you as much as my mom, so I’ve prepared some pants for you.

Shiori: Really?

Miho: But you need to do what I say, or my mom will find out and report your behavior.

Shiori: Okay….

Miho: Take off your wet pants, Sensei.

Shiori: Right here?

Miho: Unless you want my mom to see….

Shiori: No….

Miho: Okay, pull down your pants, Sensei. Oh, and turn that way, please?

Miho: Bend over. I am going to go easy on you, but I need to make sure you don’t try to blame me, so I’m going to have to get evidence. Just stay there for a minute…. Sensei. Bend over a bit more and wait….

Shiori: And you are going to help me?

Miho: Yes, but I have to have evidence first, so you don’t try to lie about this and try to make it my fault we didn’t study enough today. Okay, so take off your top…. Turn around…. Good.

Shiori: So, what are we doing then?

Miho: You are going to apologize properly to my mother. Obviously, my mom cannot be deceived, actually, so we need to make her forgive you.

Shiori: So… um… this is going to help?

Miho: Just do what I say, and I’ll talk on your behave. Now, on your hands and knees so you can beg mom for her forgiveness.

Shiori (Nearly whispers) I’m sorry.

Miho: Excuse me, but we can’t even hear you, and you need to tell my mom exactly why you are sorry.

Shiori: Oh… okay… um… About wetting my pants in class, I’m sorry.

Miho: I’m moving the phone closer to you so you can be heard better. Tell my mom again a very good apology.

Shiori: I’m so sorry. I know I shouldn’t have wet my pants, and I’m really regretting all the trouble. Please. Just one more chance. I’ll do better. I’m so sorry.

And the scene starts to fade out.

*002*2021-08-01 09:10

Movie 1 Episode 3:

So, at first, I was thinking about making all of these stories have the same names, but then I really started to think about how different the tutor in part 2 and the tutor in part 3 of the first movie were, so I’ve decided I’m actually going to change the names:

As I said in the earlier two episodes, I do not own these videos, nor am I responsible for them being loaded to the site. You can find the person that uploaded them, here:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/files/file/9143-dlsl-475-parts-1-2-3/?do=embed"

I simply stumbled on these, and got this really nagging of a great idea to make a story based around what we could hear, basically because I don’t think most of us actually speak Japanese, so most of us have no idea of what is said. Yeah, I’m making it all up. I have taken a class or two in Japanese, but I definitely do not understand enough to know what they are really saying.

Kimura Sayuri age 25 graduated: Tutor Service

Ichioka Mayu age 16 1st grade high school student

Movie 1 Episode 3:

The Reading Tutor:

Sayuri has just given Mayu the papers that they will be studying for that afternoon, and class started at 4:00 pm. Now, Sayuri knows that Mayu is way behind in her ability to read Kanji. Her mother even says that she can’t even read kanji that most junior high school kids know. So, she starts right away teaching the high school student with a few basic characters with some example readings where the kanji can be read in context….

Sayuri: Okay, so we are going to start from here. So, can you think of the different ways that this kanji letter is read?

Mayu: Well, I think this one could be read as chi?

Sayuri: For example, what kind of word would it be a part of?

Mayu: Maybe, chikyu? (Earth)

Sayuri: Very good. So, do you know another reading for this kanji letter?

Mayu: Um….

Sayuri: What does the kanji basically mean? Do you know?

Mayu: Does it mean… um… ground?

Sayuri: That’s right. So, what is something related to the ground?

Mayu: Jishin? (earthquake)

Sayuri: That’s right. So, there are two parts of that word….

Mayu: Oh, ji?

Sayuri: Very good! So, how about you try this first worksheet? Try to match the words correctly together.

Mayu: Okay….

…

Mayu: Sensei, what is this reading?

Sayuri: This one…. It’s kara. So this is the kanji for being underground, or a space underground. Chikara.

Mayu: Oh, now I see….

Sayuri: Okay, so try to match….

Mayu: Okay, so how is this? I have written …. Is that okay?

Sayuri doesn’t know it, but her bottle of water, which was given to her at the beginning of the class, was tampered with before it was tightly closed again so that it felt like she was first opening it.

Sayuri: Okay, so look at this one again. I already explained this pairing of letters, remember? So, think for a moment, does this really go together? Think about what it’s trying to say.

…

Sayuri: Oh, see? You actually already used this character here, so actually, you should know it’s wrong because you’ve already used it. So….

Mayu: Oh, yeah. Okay, so maybe it’s …?

Sayuri: What are you trying to say? Please don’t joke so much because we are in class, you know.

Mayu: But… I really don’t know what to match this one with.

Sayuri: Mayu, you know this one, don’t you? We’ve worked with this one a few times, you know?

Mayu: I’m sorry, but I really don’t remember this one. Please tell me again?

Sayuri: Okay…. You know, you really should be doing your homework so you can be reminded of what you’ve already studied though.

Mayu: I know. But please tell me.

Sayuri: Well, before I do, do you see your mistake here? Maybe you can get the correct pairing if you know this one, right? (giggle)

Mayu: …

Sayuri: You know, maybe you should be trying to do a little more practice on your own so you can learn more.

Mayu: Maybe you are right.

Sayuri: Can you figure out what that other word is, then?

Mayu: Just a moment, sensei. I’m trying to figure it out.

Mayu: Sensei? Look at this one. Is it really wrong? I’m sure I’ve heard a combination like this one before.

Sayuri: You’re mixing that up with another term, aren’t you?

Mayu: Oh, yeah, okay. I see.

Sayuri: So, can you look at the next page?

Mayu: (trying to read but messing up)….

Sayuri: No, it’s read like this…. Hurry up, write the helping letters above the kanji. Hurry up.

Sayuri: You know, you are really behind. If you keep up like this, you won’t graduate high school with basic reading skills, and then life will only be harder after that!

Sayuri: Look at what you are writing! Maybe if you paid more attention, you’d learn it right sooner.

Mayu: (trying to read again… having trouble finding the right sound….)

Sayuri: Reads it for her, so that she copies her reading….

Sayuri (to herself) I can’t believe this girl. We’ll never get through this worksheet. How can she be in high school like this?

Sayuri patiently tries to help her student read a little more through the story they are working on. The worksheet is designed to allow her some examples of the kanji she is learning to be put into context. Meanwhile, the tampered water bottle is also starting to work on Sayuri’s body….

Mayu: (reading and struggling)

Sayuri: (When Mayu gets stuck tells her a word, and then) You know, this particular kanji was learned in elementary school! You really need to start paying attention and memorizing kanji more!

Mayu: Juu? Um… ju?

Sayuri: No! You don’t know that the kanji for above is also the kanji for this? Jou, as in jouzu, isn’t it?

Mayu: So… is this word …?

Sayuri: That’s right!

Mayu: So. ….

Sayuri: If you try to read through the full sentence, you can figure out some of the kanji by reading. You know some of these, but you just need context.

Mayu: Sensei, I am so stupid….

Sayuri: No, you aren’t stupid. You are more like, lazy. Isn’t that it?

Sayuri: Okay, now, let’s read explanation for the next part of the worksheet. Take a look?

Mayu: …?

Sayuri: Look carefully at the sentence. Look at the whole message, and then you should know what it means.

Mayu: Maybe we should take a little break….

Sayuri: No, we still have a lot of work to do. We can’t take a break right now. (This girl is so… difficult!)

Sayuri: Did you see this part? Look again. You aren’t doing it correctly.

Sayuri (To herself) I kind of need to go to the toilet, but… I can’t with her.

The girl starts struggling with the next part again, and the teacher has to help her more and more. Even if she wasn’t worried that the student might try to escape and blame her if she went to the toilet, leaving the girl for a moment, the girl just can’t do any of the exercise without her. She would surely be scolded if she left the girl alone with nothing to study.

Sayuri: Look! You already wrote how to read that word over here. Pay attention!

Sayuri: This is your main problem, isn’t it? You don’t really pay attention when you study, right?

Mayu: Teacher, I’m sorry, but I need to take a quick break. I’ll be right back. But before I go, you need to understand something….

Sayuri: Okay….

Mayu: I have a grandparent with dementia, and so it’s dangerous to leave doors open that he shouldn’t go into. So, I need you to lock this door.

Mayu: This is really important! Please lock to the door after I go out.

Sayuri: Okay. I understand.

Mayu: Okay, I’ll be right back. It’s a little strange for the office to make you wait like this, so I’m going to ask my mom if you can go to the toilet, too.

Sayuri: Thank you.

Mayu is out of the room, talking to her mom about her tutor’s problem for more than ten minutes, and before Mayu gets back, Sayuri has peed in her pants and all over the floor around her chair. Then, Mayu finally knocks at the door to tell Sayuri what was decided.

Mayu: Sensei, you are okay, right?

Sayuri: Yeah, I’m fine.

Mayu: So, my mom says you are an adult, and you should set an example, so of course you can use the toilet once our class time is up. There’s only a few minutes left anyway, right?

Sayuri: Okay, so, please have a seat and let’s look….

Mayu: When I left, you were really wiggling around, sensei. Are you okay?

Sayuri: Don’t think about me. Look at your work. There.

Mayu: Sensei? What’s on the floor? You didn’t pee your pants, right?

Sayuri: Of course not. (very embarrassed)

Mayu: Well, what’s all over the floor? You should tell me if you….

Sayuri: I’m fine. Just please sit and let’s get back to work.

Mayu: Sensei, as much as you were wigging before, you should still be wiggling if you really are still waiting. Are you waiting?

Sayuri: It’s just starting to wear me out. I’m still waiting.

Mayu: But this water all over the floor…. Where is it coming…. Just as I thought. Look. Your butt is wet, Sensei.

Sayuri: You… it’s not that….

Mayu: Open your legs. If it’s not pee, then I won’t see anything where it should come out. Open them, or I’ll just tell my mom you peed on the floor.

Sayuri: But… I….

Mayu: Yep. Yep. There it is! You definitely peed your pants, Sensei.

Sayuri: What am I supposed to…?

Mayu: Sensei. Open your legs, move your hands, and look at me. I mean, you don’t want my mom to think you think this is okay to do, do you?

Sayuri: But I….

Mayu: Sensei! Now!

Mayu: Wow! How can a grown woman do something like this! This is just… I don’t understand.

Sayuri: I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to do it.

Mayu: You should have gone before we started class though, right?

Sayuri: I wanted to, but I didn’t have time.

Poor Sayuri is confused. Actually, she had started to feel the need only after drinking so much of the doctored water, but now, she is wondering if she had come in here, like she so often did at her students, needing to use the toilet before the lesson started….

Sayuri: We had to start right away because I was just on time.

Mayu: Aren’t we told to get to school at least ten minutes before the bell? Why do we have to follow such a rule if it’s not important for a tutor?

Mayu: Isn’t that really why you peed your pants?

Sayuri: Okay, I get it now. Can’t you put that away? I get it. I’ll be more careful, so put that away?

Mayu: You really have no right to talk like that after what you did. Maybe I should just tell my mom to come in here.

Sayuri: But that’s….

Mayu: I won’t tell put this video on the web or tell your boss about you peeing your pants in class if you be a good girl and do as I say.

Sayuri: What do I have to do?

Mayu: First, stand up…. Don’t argue, or I upload this.

Sayuri: (thinking) I hope she really doesn’t ruin me over this….

Mayu: Now, turn around so we get the full picture of your incident.

Sayuri: How cruel can a student be?

Mayu: Sensei! You are the wrong in the wrong! You did this! Now, turn around.

Sayuri: I know (whispers)

Mayu: Wow! Your pants are just soaked, aren’t they? You really peed your pants!

Mayu: Look at the wall! I said look at the wall! You are in trouble. You really peed your pants like a little kid. You need to face the wall for a minute like a naughty girl!

Sayuri: I’m so…. (whisper)

Mayu: Sensei! You are still moving around and you are talking. Don’t you think I would be punished if I did this at my school?

Mayu: No, I don’t know about you, but I don’t think you should wear those wet things. Do you? Take em off.

Sayuri: Put the camera away. I’m doing what you want. Put it away.

Mayu: You don’t get to decide when the punishment is over.

Sayuri: But, please, you can’t keep recording.

Mayu: Stop back talking if you don’t want me to ruin your life.

Mayu: Come on, get those gross pants off.

Mayu: Why do you think you need to take those off? Why did you even pee in them? Do you even understand that you are not an elementary school girl?

Mayu: Now, you need to explain to my mother what happened. Tell her why you pissed your pants.

Sayuri: But she….

Mayu: Are you saying this is my mom’s fault.

Sayuri: Um… no….

Mayu: Then apologize to my mom. Tell her what you did and apologize.

Sayuri: I… I can….

Mayu: Don’t you think my mom deserves an apology? Who do you think will clean up this mess you made? Do you want us to clean your clothes so you don’t have to go back to the office all wet? Now, hurry up and apologize and then we can let you take a shower. Now.

*003*2021-08-06 09:35

$$

Hanayo Kubota arrived for her first assignment as a home delivery tutor. She is 24 years old, and has graduated college, but unfortunately at this time, no school districts have any openings for her, so she got hired at this company that sends tutors to students' homes who are struggling in one or two subjects.

Hanayo: Good afternoon, miss? I'm here to see a student by the name of Asami Ichikawa?

Mom: Oh, yes. So you are our new tutor?

Hanayo: Yes, ma'am.

Mom: Well, Asami is in her room looking over her homework, waiting for you.

Mom: Why don't you go ahead and go meet her? Her room is at the top of the stairs and staight ahead in the door facing the stairs.

Hanayo: Thank you, ma'am.

$$

After knocking at the bedroom door, and being invited in, Hanayo sees that the bedding has been picked up for the day, and that the room now contains a small table with two folding chairs. Her 17 year old high school student smiles as she opens the door for her new tutor, and she is directed to sit down.

Asami: Sensei is dressed very pretty today. I like the white top and green skirt on you.

Hanayo: Um... thank you. But you know, the reason I'm here is to help you do better in high school.

Asami: Yeah, I know....

Hanayo: So, what are your most difficult subjects?

Asami: Really, I don't like to study anything, but I guess Math and Social Science are the two that are the hardest for me.

$$

Hanayo: I used to have trouble in math, too.

Asami: You did?

Hanayo: Yeah, so I can definitely help with that because I know what's like.

Asami: Well, today, what I really need help with, is Social Science.

Hanayo: Okay. Well, I'm sure if we take it slow and we work through it little by little, we can get it done.

Asami: That's great!

$$

Hanayo: You're not going to just start filling in the sheet just like that are you?

Asami: What do you mean?

Hanayo: Well, you should really read the directions first, and make sure you know what they are asking you to do.

Asami: They are just going to tell me to write in the answers, though, aren't they?

Hanayo: That's what you normally think, but it is wise to always read the direction first anyway, because sometimes, they ask you to do something slightly different than you thought.

Asami: Oh, okay.

$$

Mom: I know it can be rather a chore to teach someone because I used to be a teacher.

Hanayo: Oh, Okay.

Mom: Well, I don't mean to interrupt you. I just wanted to give you something to drink because your throat may get dry after a while.

Hanayo: Thank you.

$$

Hanayo: What are you writing over there?

Asami: I'm writing down the year that the Samurai culture changed.

Hanayo: Are you sure on the year? And did you make sure that's what the question asked?

Asami: I read the question.

Hanayo: Well, read it again. I didn't hear you read it, and you really need to get used to reading out all the questions before you fill in answers.

Asami: (exhasperated) Alright.

Hanayo: Trust me, you are going to thank me for insisting you do this....

Asami: Whatever.

$$

Hanayo: So what are the three major classes of people in the previous period before the Tokugawa reign, and how did that changee?

Asami: Huh?

Hanayo: You wrote the three major classes of the previous dynasty, but you forgot to write about how those roles changed after Tokugawa became the Shogun in 1615.

Asami: Oh. Um....

Hanayo: You didn't read the question completely, did you?

Asami: I forgot.

$$

Hanayo: And that's what I've been trying to get you to understand. You need to read the questions more carefully, you know?

Asami: Yeah, okay. I guess so.

Hanayo: You know, if you are skipping half of the questions when you read them and then answer only the first part, I wonder if your real problem might not be Social Science, but just concentrating on reading and understanding the questions. That could be your trouble in math, too.

$$

Asami: Well, I also don't do very well in math either.

Hanayo: Okay. That's fine. I was just trying to give you a hint that might help you later.

Asami: So... do you know who the classes changed after the Tokugawa period?

Hanayo: I learned them, yes, but you know, if I just tell you the answers, you won't learn how to find them on your own.

Asami: Yeah? So, what is your job here, then?

Hanayo: To learn how to get the answers, not just to give you the answers.

Asami: Fine....

Hanayo: Do you have your textbook or other notes the teacher gave you when they assigned this worksheet?

$$

$$

Hanayo: Oh, look, this sheet actually answers that other question just beautifully!

Asami: Really?

Hanayo: Read the question again.

....

Hanayo: Now, look at this sheet.

Hanayo: See? It has the three classes of people before Tokugawa's reign, and it has the changes made to those idea in another column next to each of the classes of people.

Asami: Oh yeah!

Hanayo: And do you see the new class of people you wrote down?

Asami: Yeah.

Hanayo: So go ahead and start answering that question, then.

$$

Asami: So, Sensei, how about this one, then?

Hanayo: Yes?

Asami: Well, I don't see anything on my pages of notes about this question.

Hanayo: Okay... let me see if I can find it.

$$

Asami: But it really isn't on this page....

Hanayo: Okay, if might not be written out so you can easily see it, but just let me see, okay?

$$

Hanayo: Do you understand the statement of reading between the lines?

Asami: I've heard it before, and I always thought it just mean that someone's actions don't always match what they are doing.

Hanayo: Okay, well, it can mean that too, but the way I'm using it, is like this...

Hanayo: Do you see where it is talking about ...?

Asami: Yeah?

Hanayo: Well, if this is talking about .... And you are trying to find .... Does that sound anything at all alike?

Asami: Oh yeah!

Hanayo: So, check this section.

$$

Hanayo: So, do you see right here? Start reading from here....

Asami: Alright....

$$

Hanayo: Actually, you know what?

Asami: Yes?

Hanayo: I think I better to use the toilet now.

Asami: Toilet?$$

Hanayo: Yes please. I'll just be a minute.

Asami: Well, I would let you, but my mom won't like that at all.

Asami: Well, actually, before you, we had another tutor.

Asami: That tutor wasted a lot of time doing things that were not part of tutoring me, and that's why I got even further behind in my studies....

Hanayo: So, I can't go?

Asami: Well, I mean... if you are... well, maybe you're not a real teacher and can't cope like a real teacher....

Hanayo: No, that's okay. I can wait.

Asami: Are you sure?

Hanayo: Yeah, I'll wait....

$$

Asami: Okay. I promise, once we get this worksheet done, mom will know that you are not wasting time, so I'm sure she'll be okay if you go then.

Hanayo: I understand. So go ahead and read the next question or fill in the last answer or whatever.

Asami: Alright. Just this paper, though, okay?

Hanayo: I understand.

$$

Hanayo: Oh no, what are you doing?

Asami: I'm going on to this part....

Hanayo: But you're already writing and I didn't hear you read the directions.

Asami: Oh yeah, sorry, I forgot. I'll read them now.

....

$$

Hanayo: What?

Asami: What now?

Hanayo: That answer can't be right. Check it again.

Asami: But I looked at this paper....

Hanayo: Look at that paper and what it's talking about and ask yourself if it's even related to the question.

Asami: Oops.

(I'm going to have a big oops, if she keeps being stupid and doesn't get this paper done soon.)

$$

Asasmi: So, is this one right?

Hanayo: Yes... (heavy breaths) Um... are you sure I can't go to the toilet right now?

Asami: Of course you can go, but since we didn't finish even one worksheet yet, expect mom to get mad at you.

Hanayo: Oh... um... never mind, I guess. Just this paper, right?

Asami: That's what we just done said.

(girls) giggles

$$

Asami: You know, during our next lesson, you really should use the toilet before class.

Hanayo: Okay, but should you really be telling your teacher that?

Asami: Well, should you be putting me in a position to feel the need to say it?

Hanayo: But....

Asami: So, this next part....

$$

Asami: Sensei? Are you listening?

Hanayo: Hmmm?

Asami: This part, right here...

$$

Asami: It says to explain what Chonin started....

Asami: Sensei?

Asami: Sensei, are you okay? Sensei?

Hanayo: It's okay. I'm fine.

Asami: Well, I was trying to ask you about this....

$$

Hanayo: Oh, yeah, okay....

Hanayo: Cho... cho... Chonin are....

$$

Asami: Yes, Sensei?

Asami: Sensei!

$$

$$

$$

Hanayo: Oh, um... sorry. It's just getting kind of hard to concentrate.

Asami: We're almost done with this, and then you can go.

Hanayo: Alright. So, do you have the paper that explains the changes after Tokugawa?

Asami: Right here....

$$

$$

Asami: Sensei? Are you peeing?

Asami: Sensei?

$$

Asami: Man...!

Asami: I can't believe this!

$$

Asami: Did you hear me?

Hanayo: What?

Asami: I asked you if you peed.

Hanayo: NO! I'm not....

$$

Asami: You have liquid all around you on the floor, Sensei.

Hanayo: But I didn't....

Asami: No?

$$

Asami: Sensei, lying about wetting your pants just makes you look that much more like a little kid and not the teacher.

Hanayo: But...

$$

Asami: What do you think will happen if I call your boss and tell them what you did? What if I tell my mom? How about if I post on social media about this?

(getting her phone out)

Asami: This is disgusting, Sensei.

$$

Hanayo: Look, I'm really sorry, okay?

Asami: You don't look sorry.

Hanayo: What do you mean? How am I supposed to look if I'm sorry?

Asami: Much more... Understanding that I can get you into real trouble, for one thing. And like you are disgusted wtih yourself for doing this, and you'd agree to clean it up or do anything to get rid of this mess....

Hanayo: But, I... I already am.

$$

Asami: But you already tried to lie about wetting your pants, so that shows you're not sorry at all.

Hanayo: Honest, I am.

Asami: Then prove it. Show me what you did so I can get it on record.

Hanayo: On... on record?

Asami: If you're really sorry, then you won't do this again. If not, then this is part of your record... if I decide I need to talk to your work or my parents about you.

Hanayo: But, I don't want you to record my....

Asami: If you don't lift your skirt and prove you won't lie about wetting your panties, then I'm calling for my mom right now so she can see for herself and then probably get you fired.

Hanayo: Please... no...

Asami: Panties....

$$

Hanayo: okay?

Asami: Hold up your skirt a bit longer. I want a good record of this.

Hanayo: Please hurry!

Asami: I would, but you are not making it easy. Open your legs so I can actually see your wet panties....

$$

$$

Asami: This just isn't working, Sensei. It's still too easy for you to deny it because it's not very clear.

Hanayo: What do you want me to do?

Asami: Stand up... and be in the pee area....

Hanayo: But, I'm already gross. I don't want to stand in the pee!

Asami: Then I'll just get my mom.

Hanayo: No, please. I... I'll do it.

Asami: Take off your skirt and your blouse.

Hanayo: What? No, that's too far.

Asami: Fine, wait here. Mom?

Hanayo: No! Please! Don't!

Asami: I'm tired of fighting. I'm not threatening it again. Next time, I just call for her.

Hanayo: I understand. Sorry.

$$

Hanayo: Is this okay?

Asami: Move your hands. I can't see.

$$

Asami: Silly Sensei! You know you didn't pee from your bra!

Hanayo: You don't mean.... No, wait! I promise, I'll do what you say!

$$

Asami: Sensei! Are you peeing on the floor again?

Hanayo: I... um... yes? I mean, I couldn't.... I'm sorry.

$$

Asami: Sensei, you need to apologize for both incidents, and do it formally.

Hanayo: Alright. I will. I'm sorry.

$$

Hanayo: I'm very sorry. I beg your forgiveness.

Asami: We don't know why you sorry. Say it again, and tell why your sorry.

Hanayo: Alright (STarts to cry)

Asami: Don't cry, Hanayo. You didn't cry when you peed....

Hanayo: Yes... yes, I....

Asami: I said stop crying. Period. Now, stop it.

Hanayo: Okay... (crying)....

....

Hanayo: Okay, I can do it now.

Asami: Well....

Hanayo: I'm sorry. I peed my pants during the lesson because I was nervous. And I tried to keep focused on Asami, but when it was really bad, I did ask....

Asami: No... that's not cool. It's explaining not apologizing. Don't tell why you wet, just say you are sorry you did it.

Hanayo: Oh, sorry. Okay....

....

What did you think about the adding the pictures from the movie this time? Was that better for this story purpose, or was it distracting? Let me know....

$$

$$

$$

$$

*004*2021-08-08 11:34

{{On 8/1/2021 at 1:04 AM, Riverstone76 said:

I do not claim to understand everything that was said in these videos. Rather, this is my story based on these 15 episodes. Though, technically, I think the actress that plays the tutor has changed each time, I’m going to call the tutor by the same name, Tanaka Shiori. Shiori is her first name, and Tanaka is her last name.

I do not take credit for uploading the above files to Omorashi org, but I really liked them after watching them, and then I suddenly got idea for making a story based on a tutor from watching them. So, while the movies have nothing to do with me, I am making my story based on watching them.

}}

So... I started thinking I want to retell the above stories, too, wtih more pictures, and hopefully that inspires more feel to the story as I tell it... so I start Shiori Tanaka story again from the Movie 1 Episode 1....

DLSL-475 parts 1, 2, 3

$$

Tanaka Shiori

- age 20

- tutoring to help pay for college:

She has just basically started at the tutoring company, and Miho Aoyama is her first student.

$$

Shiori invited to come and start talking to student as soon as she comes to the door, and she goes to Miho room where the bedding is already put away, and they have a table wtih two seats ready, one for the tutor and one for Miho.

Shiori: Excuse me... (Knock at door) I'm coming in. I hope that's okay....

Miho: Oh, are you Tanaka Sensei?

Shiori: Yes. And you must be....

Miho: Aoyama Miho. Please have a seat, sensei.

Shiori: Okay, so do you want to get started then?

Miho: Actually, we need to talk about some stuff first....

Shiori: Oh, okay....

$$

Shiori: But can I maybe go to the bathroom first?

Miho: Well, mom is not going to be happy that you first come late, and then you waste time....

Miho: But if you need to use the bathroom, that can't be helped. It's down the stairs on the left.

Shiori: Thank you.

$$

Shiori: Is someone in there? Anyone?

Why won't the door open or someone answer....

$$

Shiori: I'll just have to try to wait a few minutes....

.....

Miho: She brought her own tea.... how convenient.

Miho: She'll never notice.

$$

Shiori: Still not out? I can't be wasting time like this. they are definitely going to get upset if we don't get started....

$$

Miho: You were gone a little while.

Shiori: I think someone is using it. They are still in there, so I guess I'll just have to hold it for a bit.

Miho: Oh, I'm sorry about that.

$$

Shiori: That's okay. So, go ahead and tell me what you need to tell me so we can get started, okay?

Miho: Well, I was going to say the bathroom is off limits, but if you didn't even get to go, yet, then I'll definitely let you go once again in a little while....

Shiori: Why is the bathroom off limits?

Miho: Well, you see, we've not had good luck with tutors. They always waste time, and one of the things they do, is spend too long in the bathroom and then want to get paid for peeing for twenty minutes several times in just two hours.

Shiori: Oh, yeah, I can see how that's not good.

$$

Miho: Of course, you can go before class and after class. Think of it just like you are at regular school.... I never see the teacher go to the bathroom during classtime, and they only let students go if they are sure the students are not going just to play around.

Shiori: Yes, that's true.

Miho: You are a little late today.

Shiori: I'm sorry about that. I had a hard time finding the right house.

Miho: That's okay for today, but you should be here ten minutes early so you can set up so we don't waste time, and you can also use the toilet so it doesn't interrupt the time we are paying you for.

Shiori: Yeah, I can understand that.

$$

Miho: Did you bring anything with you to teach?

Shiori: Um... I thought I was tutoring.

Miho: Oh. Did you think you'd just look at my homework and then get answers for my homework for me?

Shiori: That's what tutors usually do....

Miho: That's not what my parents want. They expect you to know what I'm studying and to come ready to teach or review main ideas before I do my homework, so that I really undestand what is going on. Homework answers don't help me when it's time to take a test.

Shiori: Yes, that is true.

$$

Miho: So, how long have you been a tutor?

Shiori: You are my first student, actually. I just started this job the other day.

Miho: I see....

$$

Shiori: But I'm in my third year at the university to be a teacher!

Miho: A teacher?

Shiori: Yes. I want to teach high school when I graduate.

$$

Miho: Well, Sensei, if you plan to be a teacher, I think you should pay a little more attention to how you dress.

Shiori: What do you mean?

Miho: I mean... yeah, the skirt is okay, but your top looks like you are just going to have fun, you know?

Shiori: It's kind of rude to ....

Miho: Look. Even if you don't agree that this style is not good for teaching at school, at my house, we expect our tutor to look professional, and that top is definitely not for teaching.

Shiori: Oh, okay....

$$

Miho: Speaking of being rude, I'm so sorry, I forgot.

Miho: I know our air conditioner is broken, so it's a little hot...

Miho: Do you want me to get you something to drink?

Shiori: No, It's okay. I have my own.

$$

Miho: Okay... but I don't want you to get a dry voice....

Shiori: I promise. See? I have some tea right here.

Miho: Then go ahead and drink some because it's hot.

$$

Shiori: Yeah, I guess you're right.

Miho: So, before I get any homework out, can you explain something to me?

Shiori: I'll try... what do you need to know?

$$

Miho: The teachers said I should have learned this in Junior High school, but I still don't really get it. What is the LCM and the GCF?

Shiori: We're talking about math, right?

Miho: Yeah.

$$

Shiori: Do me a favor and write down these numbers....

Shiori: 102... 48.... and 99.

Miho: Okay. Done.

$$

So, first, I'll show the factor tree....

We'll start wtih a factor tree for 102....

$$

Shiori: Good. So now you can see all the factors for all three numbers, right? Now, can you find a single 2 in each of the factors?

Miho: These two have at least one 2, but... this one doesn't have any.

Shiori: Then 2 is not a common factor because a common factor is one that every number in the group has. Since 99 doesn't have a 2 in it's tree, then you cannot use the twos for the other two numbers....

$$

Shiori: Now, multiply all the numbers that were the same....

Miho: But there is only one number, three!

Shiori: Then three is your GCF. The greatest common factor is the largest number that all the numbers in a group can be divided by.

Miho: Okay....

$$

Miho: Do they usually make you compare three numbers like that when you do this kind of work?

Shiori: Actually, this is usually used when you want to work with two numbers to see how big of a number you can divide both by without having to do it over and over again.

Miho: I see....

$$

Shiori: So, now LCM... Least Common Multiple....

Miho: Oh, it means Least Common Multiple?

Shiori: That's right. So, can you guess what we will do then?

Miho: Um.... Least means the lowest number?

Shiori: Yes....

$$

Shiori: You know what, I think you undestand the theory. How about we try a probelm for you?

Miho: Okay...

Shiori: Try 24 and 30.

Miho: Can't you just multiply them together?

$$

Shiori: That will give you a number they share, but it won't necessarily be the smallest number.

Miho: Okay.

Shiori: So, list out multiples of 24....

$$

Miho: Sensei, what do you mean, list out the multiples?

Shiori: Well, think 24 x 1, 24 x 2, 24 x 3....

Miho: How many times I need to do it?

Shiori: Let's start with six times for now, and see if that works to find a common number between the three numbers....

$$

Miho: That's going to take a lot of work.

Shiori: It goes faster with practice....

Miho: Isn't there a faster way?

Shiori: Well, hold on.... I really need to see if the bathroom is free first.

Miho: Alright.

Shiori: I won't be long, don't worry.

$$

Shiori: Still locked? Who is there?

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

Shiori: Excuse me! Is anyone in there?

$$

$$

Shiori: Excuse me? Hello?

Why doesn't anyone answer?

I can't go back to the classroom needing to pee again! What am I going to do?

Oh, maybe.... I have an idea!

(In Japan, most homes have the shower room ina different place from the toilet room.)

$$

$$

$$

Mom: What are you doing in here?

Shiori: I was just... um....

$$

Mom: We are not paying you to snoop around.

$$

Shiori: Well, I wasn't. I was just....

- mom: I don't want to hear your excuses!

$$

- mom: Get up stairs and teach my daughter or you'll be finding yourself in more trouble than just being fired.

Shiori: Yes, ma'am. I'm sorry....

(To be continued due to picture size limits on posts.

$$

*005*2021-08-08 20:38

Shiori cannot get to the bathroom now, because mom is upset about her going into the shower room. Mom thinks she was snooping, and walks her directly to the classroom bedroom without letter go anywhere else, period. Neither the mom nor Shiori realize that Miho is the one that had locked the bathroom, and so it is still locked, even now....

$$

Miho: Sensei! There you are. You were only supposed to be gone a moment or two?

Shiori: I'm sorry. It's just...

Shiori looked down as mom was still standing there listening, and she was too embarrassed in case mom would think she meant to pee in the shower room on purpose.

Miho: Never mind. You were just now going to show me the easy way to get the LCM without doing unnecessary work....

$$

Shiori: Yes, okay, well look at your numbers again, 24... and 30.

Miho: Yeah?

Shiori: If you start getting multiples of 30, what do you notice about the one's digit?

$$

Miho: It's always zero?

Shiori: So, what do we need to get for the multiple of 24?

$$

....

Shiori: Good, 24 X 10 is 240 and 30 x 8 is 240...

....

Shiori: But what is 24 x 5?

Miho: 120?

Shiori: What is 30 x 4?

$$

Miho: So, 120 is the answer?

Shiori: What do you think?

Miho: Well, you can't get another 0 answer before 24 x 5 so ....

....

$$

Shiori: Alright, let's have you do a few problems where you find both the GCF and the LCM...

Miho: Okay....

....

$$

Miho: Is this one right?

Shiori: Yes, that one is right. Now try to do the next nine by yourself, and we'll look at the answers together.

Miho: Okay....

$$

....

Miho: I'm finished Sensei.

$$

Shiori: Okay, let's see....

Miho: What? Why is that one wrong?

$$

Shori: See? There is another 3 that they share you forgot with the GCF?

Miho: Oh. Okay....

$$

Shiori: So, it looks like you understand this pretty well, now, right?

Miho: Yeah, I think so....

$$

Miho: Sensei?

$$

Mih: Sensei? Are you okay?

Shiori: Yeah, I'm okay....

Shiori: So, so.... um... can I see what kind of math you are doing? Let me see your homework?

$$

Miho: But I don't want you to just find answers for my homework.

Shiori: NO, I just want to see what you are doing so I can work wtih you on understanding it.

$$

Miho: Sensei.... Are you paying attention?

Shiori: Of ... Of course. You shouldn't.... shouldn't... talk to....

Miho: What's wrong?

$$

Shiori: Nothing. I'm fine. Now, let's see what you have....

$$

Shiori: Okay, here we are....

....

Shiori: So, basically, you are going to try to put the problem so that only the number of Xs are on this side and the rest of the number is on this side....

...

$$

$$

Shiori: So... so... Let's try one together like this:

Shiori: write down....

$$

Shiori: 3X plus 5 equals 20....

$$

Shiori: Now, with Algebra, you work backwards of regular math because you find out separtated X....

Shiori: When you do regular math, what you do you do first?

Miho: You do Multiply and Divide first?

Shiori: Good.....

$$

$$

Shiori: But in Algebra, to find out what X number is, we can't divide because we don't know what to divide just now.

Miho: Okay....

$$

....

Shiori: It looks like you are getting it.

Miho: Um... maybe....

Shiori: Here, do these problems.

(Writes down 10 problems).

$$

$$

Miho: Sensei?

Shiori: Yeah? Are you finished?

$$

Miho: Not yet, but you... are you okay?

Shiori: I'm fine. Please do the math so I can see if you get it.

$$

$$

$$

Miho: I did the problems.

Shiori: Okay....

....

$$

$$

(Oh, please stop leaking... she's going to find out... if I wet much more....)

$$

Miho: How is this one?

Shiori: That... that looks....

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

Miho: Sensei? Are you peeing your pants?

Shiori: No?

Miho: Are you sure?

Shiori: Please, just do the problems. I'm okay.

*006*2021-08-08 21:51

$$

No... I can't stop peeing.... She's going to see....

$$

Miho: Sensei, I wrote the answers.

Miho: Are you going to check them?

$$

Miho: Sensei? What are you looking at?

$$

Shiori: Oh, um... nothing. Let's see what you have.

$$

Miho: Sensei! You need to tell me.

Shiori: What?

$$

Miho: Didn't you just pee your pants?

$$

Shiori: What? What are you talking about? It's rude to talk to....

Miho: It maybe rude, but do you think it's okay for a tutor to come to a student's house and pee her pants?

$$

Miho: Look at the floor! It's all over! It's obvious you peed your pants, so stop trying to say you didn't.

Miho: I mean it! Look around you!

$$

Miho: How did you think you could hide that mess from me?

Shiori: I....

$$

Miho: Aren't you embarrassed at all?

$$

Shiori: Well, it was just an accident. I mean... I tried to go the bathroom... twice!

$$

Shiori: I just couldn't hold it anymore!

Miho: So, why didn't you tell me you didn't get into the bathroom again the second time?

$$

Shiori: Your mom caught me trying to... and she thought I was snooping, and I got nervous of her thinking that, so I tried to wait the rest of the lesson.

$$

Miho: Well, do you think my mom is going to be happy about that?

$$

Miho: Look! It's all over the floor all around you!

$$

Miho: Do you want me to tell my mom you peed your pants like that?

$$

Shiori: No? I mean... um... I'm so embarrassed.

Miho: I'll tell my mom you peed your pants.

$$

Shiori: Please, no. Please.

$$

Miho: Well, if I don't tell her, then who is going to clean this up?

Miho: She's going to naturally think I did this, if you sneak away without her knowing....

Miho: Is that fair?

$$

Shiori: No, but... I... Please.... You'll get me fired!

Miho: I'll let you off, but you have to do what I say.

Shiori: Okay...?

$$

Miho: First, I'm going to record this in case you break our deal, so my mom knows I'm not lying and it was you that peed your pants if I need to tell her.

$$

Miho: Lift your skirt!

Shiori: What?

Miho: You heard. I need to get proof you are wet, and it's not wet enough on the skirt.

$$

Miho: I'm not going to show you my panties....

Shiori: Then I'll just call my mom right now.

Miho: But....

$$

Miho: Who sat there and peed her pants, Sensei?

Shiori: I did.

Miho: And do you think I should be the one punished for that?

Shiori: No.

$$

Miho: No. So show me that you peed so I have proof, or I'll make sure my mom knows it by calling her in here right now.

$$

Shiori: And if I do what you say, you're going to help me hide it and not get fired?

Miho: That's right. I'll make sure you clean it up so no one knows it happened, but if you say something bad, I'll show the proof it was you, that peed yourself.

Shiori: I understand. I'm sorry.

$$

Miho: Good girl. Now, I need to get a little closer so I can get the light on my phone right....

$$

$$

Miho: The light isn't right at all. It's hard to see anything of your wet panties.

Miho: Did I tell you to pull down your skirt yet?

$$

Miho: Don't look at me like that.

Miho: You are the one that peed your pants.

Miho: I can either go get my mom and get you fired, or you can do what I say and accept your punishment for wetting your pants. It's up to you.

$$

Shiori: I'll accept my punishment.

Miho: Then stand up and take off your skirt so I can get a better recording of your wet panties.

$$

$$

Miho: Go ahead and take your top off, too. You don't want to get pee on it, do you?

Shiori: How am I going to get pee on it?

Miho: You're going to have to clean up the mess you made if you don't want my mom to see it.

$$

Miho: Wow! Sensei doesn't only pee her pants, but she wears mix matching underwear like a child!

Miho: Are you a child?

....

$$

Miho: Say you are a child.

Shiori: But...

Miho: It's part of the punishment. Say it.

Shiori: I'm... I'm a child.

$$

Miho: And what did you do? Say it.

$$

Shiori: I... I peed my pants.

Miho: When did you do that?

Shiori: I was teaching Miho, and I wet my pants.

$$

Miho: Good girl. Now, are you ready to clean up your mess?

Shiori: Yes, please.

$$

$$

$$

$$

And after the mess was cleaned up, Miho let her sensei borrow some panties and a skirt so that she could put her teacher's clothes in the wash. Luckily, her mom didn't know it was Shiori's stuff in the wash, and so Shiori could come back.
