Omorashi Tutors: Videos not mine....

Author: Riverstone76

*007*2021-08-10 15:15

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/files/file/9143-dlsl-475-parts-1-2-3/?do=embed"

As Stated before, I do not own the rights, nor the video above, but it was already downloaded to the this site at the above link. I do not claim to know what they are actually saying in the movies, but I've made my own story related to the movies.

The following story is from the first movie DL1 but the second part of the movie.... Where the Tutor is wearing white pants.

Teacher: Shiori age 20 Tutor

Student: Miho age 17 High School Student

They had already been in the classroom since about 3:30, and Miho was working on writing a paper for her Social Law Class....

While the student worked on her writing assignment, Shiori reached into her purse.... and pulled out her phone, which had buzzed at her.

Shiori: How is the writing going?

Miho: Fine.

Message on phone: Sensei, I'd like to cancel today's tutoring session--Asami

Shiori: Are you sure that kanji is right? (Kanji are complex symbols that mean either a word or a part of a word).

Miho: It looks right....

Shiori: Well, I think you forgot a couple of strokes. why don't you look again?

Miho: Alright, in a minute. I want to write down this part, first.

Shiori: I think you made a second mistake, too.

Miho: Okay, just a second....

Miho: Where was the first kanji mistake?

Shiori: Right there.

Miho: Oh, wow, that was pretty early on. Why'd you only catch it just now?

Shiori: Well, I'm not perfect....

Shiori: And there's the mistake you just made a few mintues ago.

Miho: Okay....

Phone buzzes....

Shiori: So did you have your test in Biology yet?

Miho: Yeah, I'll show you in a bit.

Shiori: That's not the right part of speech.

Miho: That's how I always say it.

Shiori: It's fine to say it that way, but you have to be more precise when you write.

Shiori: That part is hardly readable....

Miho: What part?

Shiori: From here to here, it is all confusing. Can't you write it a bit more organized?

Miho: Why didn't you see that part earlier? It's like literally one of the parts I was finished with before you even sat down to tutor me!

Shiori: Well, I've been watching what you are working on. I thought you'd have already had me check if you had a question about something you had done before....

Phone: Buzz buzz

Shiori: TAnaka Shiori Tutor, how may I help you?

Shiori: Yes, Mayu?

Shiori: Hold on, I'm with another student, but I can talk a minute....

Shiori: So, what was that, Mayu?

Miho: (Thinking) There she goes, taking calls during class again!

Miho: Mom is right, she needs to learn a lesson!

Shiori: Sorry about that. I just had to take that call.

Miho: Whatever.

Shiori: Well, let's see what you have....

Miho: It's okay. I don't need anymore help on this one.

Shiori: Are you sure?

Miho: I'm sure.

Shiori: It's kind of hot in here, isn't it?

Miho: Yeah, sorry, our air condition is broken.

Miho: I'll get you some water though, and then after that, we need to talk, okay?

Shiori: Um... sure.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*008*2021-08-10 23:05

Miho: Sensei, I know how hot it is, so I got you some water while I was taking a break to use the bathroom.

Shiori: Oh, thank you, sweetheart.

Miho: Well, I wouldn't call me a sweetheart so fast if I were you....

Miho: Here's your water.

Miho: You and I need to talk in a minute....

Shiori: Okay...?

Miho: My mom is not very happy with you right now.

Miho: It seems you waste a lot of time during our tutoring lessons....

Miho: My mom might not have cared, but I didn't do very well on my last tests, and my homework that I turned in last week was all wrong.

Shiori: Wait, all wrong? That can't be right!

Shiori: Did you make all the corrections I told you to make?

Miho: Well, I don't know. I meant to, but you were on your phone so much, I don't know when you were correcting me, and when you were talking on the phone.

Shiori: Wait, what ARE you doing now? That doesn't look like homework.

Miho: You see? You just now figured out I wasn't writing homework, but I've been writing on this paper since I brought in your water!

Miho: I'll tell you what this is, in a minute. Just sit there and wait a minute.

Miho: This is something my mom wanted me to do for you. I almost forgot, but now I remembered we need to talk, and so I have to finish this first.

Miho: I really don't care about you being on your phone if you are paying enough attention to make sure I'm getting my school work right, and that I understand stuff....

Miho: But you often forget about me when you are looking at your texts, and you even take calls right in the middle of our study time, and then go to the bathroom like two or three times in the session....

Miho: No one goes to the bathroom that often!

Miho: And then I did very poorly in all my tests the last time around, almost as poorly as if you weren't even here to tutor me.

Miho: So, my mom is wondering why we are paying your tutoring company for your time....

Miho: If we complain to your company strongly, will you be fired from your job?

Shiori: I... I don't know. Why?

Miho: Well, I've written out a contract that you have to sign.

Miho: My mom says that no one should have to pay for a lazy tutor, and that's what you've been for a few weeks, now.

Miho: We will read this new contract together before you sign it.

Miho: But it will spell out clearly your job while you are in my home.

Miho: We are not paying for you to goof off on your phone, take personal calls during study time, and then leave the room even to go to the bathroom like two or three times, each time taking five or more minutes....

Miho: So, why don't you read until here?

Shiori: (Reading) I, Shiori Tanaka, have been employed to tutor Miho Aoyama so that her grades will improve.

Shiori: (Reading) I cannot do that if I do not give her my appropriate attention and I do not work with her on her homework and how to understand it.

Miho: This is very serious, sensei. This is the job you were hired for, and if I do not get into a good high school, I cannot be successful in life, can I?

Miho: Keep reading.

Shiori: (Reading) About the phone, I , Shiori, will leave my phone and my bag down in the livingroom on the coat rack starting the next time I meet with Miho.

Shiori: Wait! I have to look at my messages. Sometimes, students need to let me know about their situation!

Miho: Your only concern while you are sitting in my room to tutor me, should be on me.

Miho: You can text your other students back when we are done with my lessons.

Miho: Besides, you get probably one message maybe two from a student while you are sitting with me.

Miho: But you are always on that thing, and paying only half of your attention to my studies.

Miho: Now continue reading.

Shiori: (Reading) About the phone calls, I Shiori must not make any calls from Miho's room unless they are about an emergency. I may only take an emergency call, also.

Miho: Make sure you set up a pattern for anyone you want to know how to get you through an emergency, and then tell my mom when you come next time. If she hears your phone making the emergency call pattern, she'll get you.

Miho: Keep reading.

Shiori (Reading) I will improve Miho's homework quality, and I will work with her each session until she understands not only enough to finish her homework, but that she actually can do other related work.

Shiori: (Reading) My job is to make sure my students understand the material that I help them with, and not to just finish their homework for them.

Miho: You've been terrible at explaining stuff to me, and the reason is not because you are a bad teacher or because you don't know how, but because you spend all your time on your phone.

Miho: That's why you are not going to have your phone in my room anymore, and why you are not going to be leaving my room during the study sessions.

Miho: So... read on.

Shiori: (Reading)I, Shiori, will not ask to leave the room unless I am honestly going to poop my pants. If I so much as suggest that could happen, I must allow my student to come to the bathroom wtih me, not only to make sure I wasn't lying, but also so I can continue to tutor her without wasting time.

Shiori: That's a little too personal, don't you think?

Miho: I think you need to start taking your job more seriously. If you are ashamed to be taken to the toilet, then you should have thought about that before constantly wasting time in my classes.

Miho: If you want to poop without being watched, I suggest you do so before coming to my house.

Miho: There will be no other bathroom breaks, either, so you should try to pee before you come here, too.

Miho: There is more....

Miho: Not only do you need to sign this contract, to keep your job, but we are now writing down everything you do to waste time in my class.

Miho: You might think I was just studying while you were taking your call earlier, but my mom has secretly taken your picture and recorded what you were doing along with the time so that your company will have our evidence against you.

Shiori: You can't just take people's pictures without their permission or without warning.

Miho: Well, if you had been in the classroom studying with me, we wouldn't have a picture of you, would we?

(To be continued because of file size)

*009*2021-08-10 23:56

$$

Miho: You do understand, why mom is upset, don't you?

$$

Miho: How would you feel if you paid someone to clean your house in three hours, but because they were always on the phone, they only cleaned the bathroom and maybe one other room?

Shiori: No, you're right. I get it.

$$

Miho: Okay, well, here is the start of the documents we will send to your company if you do not sign this contract, or you break it....

Miho: It is only fair you understand what will happen if you don't do what you are paid to do.

$$

Miho: I'll read...

Miho: (Reading) Dear Intergroup Tutoring....

Miho: (Reading) We are very displeased with your service and the tutor you have provided for us.

$$

Miho: (Reading) Tanaka Shiori Sensei has been late the lesson twice in the last month, she is often on her phone, and even leaves the room to make personal phone calls on it. She says she's going to the bathroom, but goes there three times in one three hour session, and each time, spends more than five minutes....

$$

Miho: Starting from the date, X month X day, we will be keeping track of her actions, and if she wastes time again or if she stops coming or you try to replace her before we have evidence of her behavior, then we will not only find a new company, but make sure everyone we know, understands how bad your tutors are, and how you protect them.

$$

Miho: My mom said we don't have to send your company this complaint right away, though. She needs some actual proof anyway, so if you follow our new contract, and you stop wasting time during my studies, and you don't try to change tutors on us... Well, if you do your job, then we will just keep this here.

$$

Miho: Do you think this is unfair?

Shiori: No. I should have been more attentive. I'll do better.

$$

Shiori: But there is one little problem I'm worried about.

Miho: What's that?

Shiori: Well, we have three hour sessions three times a week...

$$

Miho: So...

Shiori: Well, I mean, sometimes, you just gotta go to the restroom, don't you?

Miho: No. You are supposed to be a teacher. You can wait.

$$

Shiori: But I'm not so sure I can wait three hours, Miho.

Shiori: That's kind of unreasonable.

Miho: Well, you shouldn't have to go when you get here, though.

Miho: Everyday at school, my teacher asks some students why they need to go in the middle of class.

Miho: When they answer that they can't wait the whole period, my teacher tells them that they aren't meant to.

Miho: That's what break times are for....

$$

Shiori: But there aren't any scheduled break times in our classes.

Miho: That's not my problem, sense. This time period was decided by you, and you are supposed to be the teacher.

Miho: If you can't hold it, and you need to poop, I'll take you to the toilet so we can continue the lesson....

$$

Shiori: But what about peeing?

Miho: Well, you'll just have to hold it.

Miho: If I take you to the bathroom just to pee, I'll be getting my mom.

Miho: My mom will record that as a waste of time as you should have done that before class.

$$

Miho: If you really think this is too much, then we'll just complain to the company with what we have, and we'll be discontinuing its service and telling everyone, not only who we know, but on social media about the school.

Shiori: Please don't do that!

Miho: If you don't want that, then you sign the contract as it is.

$$

Shiori: One thing before I sign it....

Miho: Yeah?

Shiori: What will happen to me if I pee my pants? I'm sure that three hours is too long....

$$

Miho: That's something my mom and I had not planned on you saying, Sensei.

Shiori: So, it will be breaking the contract anyway?

Miho: I don't know. I have to talk to my mom about it.

$$

Miho: If three hours is really too hard, then you will need to not draw attention to wetting your pants, Sensei.

Miho: I don't think it will be a problem if you don't make it one.

$$

Shiori: So you're telling me to ust pee my pants if I can't hold it?

Miho: Unless you want us to complain....

Shiori: I guess I have no choice, then.

$$

Miho: Then, I'm signing my part of this contract.

$$

Miho: Now, you sign it, and we can get back to our studies.

*010*2021-08-11 02:08

$$

Miho: Okay, well now we got the unpleasant out of the way....

$$

Miho: Mom says we should lock the door, so we are not disturbed anymore. You don't need to leave the room for anything, so there is no reason for it to be open.

Shiori: Oh... um... okay.

$$

Miho: I have one of my tests here, and I'm supposed to go through it and correct the mistakes.

$$

Shiori: Okay, so how can I help?

Miho: I don't understand this question right here....

$$

Shiori: Yes, I see why. Do you have your Science textbook with you?

Miho: Not exactly....

Shiori: Okay... well, do you have any of your notes?

$$

Shiori: She complains about me, but she doesn't even bring everything she needs home....

Shiori: And now, she wastes time to find some notes in her bag?

$$

Shiori: I really gotta pee, but I don't want to go in my pants....

Shiori: What am I going to do?

Shiori: Oh... here she comes....

$$

Miho: This is what I have....

Shiori: Well, let's see what we can make of it, then....

Miho: Remember, you're not just doing my homework now. You need to make sure I understand it."

$$

Shiori: Yes, I know.

Shiori: But you really need to have your books here when we do these sessions from now on. It will make explaining easier.

$$

Miho: Are you saying you can't help me right now?

Shiori: No no. Let's look and see what you have. ...

....

$$

Shiori: So... What do you know about rocks, anyway?

Miho: There are three main types?

$$

Shiori: And what are those three states that a rock can be in?

Miho: I don't understand....

Shiori: You just said there are three main types of rocks....

$$

Shiori: Are you sure I can't just go to the bathroom, just once?

Miho: Do you need to poop?

Shiori: No....

$$

Shiori: But I really don't think I can hold it much longer.

Miho: Well, that's too bad. If you wet, you wet. So, explain about the rocks....

(file size limit reached..... continue)

*011*2021-08-11 03:49

$$

Shiori: Okay, well, see in your notes, here?

Miho: The drawing of the volcano?

Shiori: Yeah. Look at that, and then the rest from there....

$$

Miho: Sensei, you're moving around a little bit too much and distracting me.

Shiori: Oh, sorry. I'll try to keep more still.

$$

Shiori: Okay, think. First a rock has to be made as it come from the ground....

MIho: That's ignious?

Shiori: Good, and then it Shaped and sculpted like by wind and water....

Miho: That's Sedimentary?

$$

Shiori: And last, when Sedimentary changes because of heat and pressure?

Miho: Oh... um....

Shiori: Think change....

Miho: Morphic?

Shiori: Yes, metamorphic rock.

$$

Miho: So, what are properties of ignious rock and how is it different of Metamorphic rock?

$$

Shiori: I... I'm sorry. I can't concentrate.

Miho: Because you're gonna pee your pants?

$$

Shiori: Please don't tell anyone.

Miho: I won't, but you need to get back to work, or you are not living up to your contract.

Shiori: Okay....

$$

....

$$

Mom: Did you get through all the work for the day?

Miho: Yes. She did her best to help me, and even when she started peeing....

Mom: She's wet her pants?

$$

Miho: Yeah, she couldn't wait....

Mom: Shiori, I hope you will use the toilet before you come here from now on.

Shiori: I promise.

$$

Mom: Get those wet things off so we can wash them.

Shiori: But....

Mom: Do you want to go back to the office like this?

Shiori: No.

$$

Mom: Don't worry. No one will know you wet your pants this time unless you tell someone, and I'll let you borrow one of my skirts until nex ttime. But go ahead and take off your bra and panties, too. They need washed, too, honey.

(End of the second episode of the first movie)

Yes, I skipped the door scene because it didn't fit with the story I was telling....

*013*2021-08-11 12:59

{{3 minutes ago, Daydreaming125 said:

Very great effort of writing these stories with screenshots. Absolutely love it and looking forward to the following stories.

}}

Thank you for comment. I still work for third one of first movie and then move on... after.

*014*2021-08-15 01:22

I don't have a story for the third one yet, so I'm going to show the story for the second movie and second part:

$$

First, Shiori was given the latest test that Miho had taken at school, and Shiori could clearly see that Miho needed a lot of help in understanding stuff. Though she had done a better job the last time around, and the mother had relaxed how strict she was being with Shiori because of the tutor's change in help ing her daughter. So, now, Shiori was going to help Miho understand by going through her tests and making her correct them.

$$

Shiori: Your grade didn't improve at all from the test you took the last time!

Miho: It didn't?

Shiori: No. I have the test from last time with me, too. So we are going to go through this test thoroughly.

Miho: Okay.$$

Shiori: Do you have a red pen, some high lighters, and a black pen?

Miho: Yeah?

Shiori: Good. You will understand all your mistakes before I leave today.

$$

Shiori: First of all, I want you to look at question number five....

$$

Shiori: This is really an easy question if you break it apart. So....

Shiori: Get out your green high lighter and your black pen.

Miho: Okay....$$

Shiori: If you broke this question into two parts....

Miho: Oh, two parts?

Shiori: Yes. You tried to just look at this as one sentence, but it is really two parts making one sentence.

$$

Shiori: You practiced putting two sentences together to make one at school, didn't you?

Miho: Yes, many times.

Shiori: Well, it sometimes helps to remember that when you see certain words, you can think of the sentence in two parts.

$$

Shiori: Can you spell fatigue right?

Miho: F-a-t-e-g-e?

Shiori: Almost. It is F-a-t-i-g-u-e. Remember if ge together, it not ga sounds but ja sounds.

Miho: Oh, yeah, I forget that.

$$

Shiori: And here, you wrote and too many times. Even in Japanese, we write [to] many but in English, you only write [and] once, and you write commas for all other and as mean [and].

Miho: Oh, okay....

Shiori: You need to remember this rule if you go America. If you don't, they think you talking as a baby."

Miho: Really?$$

Shiori: I never lie that kind of thing. It very important for you taken serious by English speaker.

Miho: Sorry. I didn't mean it like that.

Shiori: Just understand, I trying to help you.

Miho: I know.$$

Shiori: Please pay attention to this....

....$$

Shiori: You see? You didn't follow the directions, and that why this whole papers on two sides is wrong. You need to read carefully each part the directions and the questions, okay?

Miho: Okay....

$$

Shiori: So look at number 15. With after reading the directions, how do you think the answer is here?

Miho: I was supposed to write out a dialog for each question to show the meaning of the phrase?

Shiori: Exactly. So try now, think about what in dialog, each can say?

$$

Miho: I'm not that good at these kind of questions.

Shiori: Don't think it deeply as test question. Think someone give you this phrase and tell you make a dialog....

Miho: Okay... but I still don't like writing my own dialog. I never know how to start.

$$

Shiori: Okay, well.... How about first we look at what need to make dialog about?

Miho: Yeah... so...?

Shiori: What does it mean: That's for sure!

Miho: ....

Shiori: Think meaning of it in English.

Miho: Okay, well, it is an agreement about something the second person feels strongly.

Shiori: Good. So, what is something your mom really wants do these tutor lessons?$$

Miho: She wants us to spend more time studying than playing around.

Shiori: That's for sure!

Shori: See how that is working?$$

Miho: Okay.... I think I might get it....

Shiori: Let's see....

$$

Shiori: It is really hot today!

Miho: That's for sure!

Shiori: Very good.$$

Shiori: So, now you write something for a dialog for that phrase?

Miho: Okay...

$$

Shiori: Look at what you are saying carefully.... Make sure this make sense the scene you think you are seeing....

$$

Shiori: I think I need to go to the toilet while you are writing out these dialogs....

Miho: But I can't do it without you, and it will waste time if I get them all wrong....

Shiori: Do you really think you need me here every minute? It will only take a minute.

$$

Miho: Well, I am still not sure what I'm doing. Besides, what if mom comes in and finds me writing it wrong, and asks where you are?

Shiori: Yeah, I know, but I really gotta go.

Miho: Well, after we finish this part, maybe I can go ask my mom if you can go to the toilet after that?

Shiori: Okay....

$$

Shiori: So the next phrase you make a dialog for is....

Miho: [That's what I thought!]

Shiori: So, what you think this phrase means?$$

Miho: Um... II'm not sure.

Shiori: This phrase can be used neutral or if you are mad.

Miho: Okay....

Shiori: I'm going to the bathroom now.

Miho: You can't! I'm going to have to tell mom if you go.

Shiori: That's what I thought. See? I lie. I'm not going without permission, but I give you how it used.

$$

Shiori: Now you try it.

Miho: Um... okay... Let me see your bag.

Shiori: Why?

Miho: I want to look for the answers for my test!

Shiori: You can't do that! You will not learn anything just look answers.

Miho: So? I just want to pass the class.

Shiori: Well, I can't let you. I have to tutor you.

Miho: That's what I thought.

Shiori: Okay... that's good... a little bit.$$

Shiori: Let's look at the third phrase, then.

Miho: I'm getting tired of these. When do you really hear these said anyway?

$$

Shiori: Stop complaining. It doesn't help you to finish, so just do the exercise.

Miho: Fine.

Shiori: So... [What was that?]

Miho: Do you use that when you are mad?

Shiori: Sometimes. Or it can be if you surprised, too.

$$

Shiori: I really need to go to the bathroom....

Miho: I'm sorry. But if I am not allowed to cheat, then neither are you.

Shiori: I understand.

Shiori: So can you make a dialog for [What was that?] as you are mad?

Miho: Okay, I'll try....

$$

Shiori: That's very good.

Miho: Almost done?

Shiori: Almost wtih this part....

*015*2021-08-15 01:59

$$

Shiori: So the last dialog question is using [fat chance].

Miho: I am not sure. It sounds wrong when the teacher explained it in class.

Shiori: Why say fat if it isn't something that may happen?

$$

Shiori: So you do understand it means it probably is not going to happen....

Miho: Yeah, but why not say slim chance?

Shiori: I think it is something do their humour.

Miho: Okay. But is this phrase something for joke?$$

Shiori: Not really, no. Don't think too much about the reason it is used just focus on the scene.

Miho: Okay.

Shiori: So it means it doesn't happen. Can you think example?

$$

Miho: Maybe.... um....

Miho: Oh, I know. I'll go ask mom if you can go toilet now, but I think it's fat chance.

Shiori: That good thinking, but not exactly it works that way....

Shiori: So, I'll try an example for you.

$$

Shiori: After I say next thngs, you say [fat chance] okay?

Miho: Okay.

Shiori: I'm going to ask your mom myself if I can go toilet now.

Miho: Fat Chance... oh! Now I get it!

Shiori: See?

$$

Shiori: So now you write a dialog for it?

Miho: Yeah, I think so....

....

$$

....

Shiori: This one is good one.

Miho: Great! I'm going to ask my mom now. You keep talking about that, so you must really need to go.

Shiori: Thank you.

$$

Miho: Don't thank me yet. Mom didn't say yes, yet.

$$

Shiori: [thinking] This is so bull... only. I get why she took my cell phone until after class, but going to the bathroom is a basic need! I should have a right!

$$

Shiori: [Thinking] And really? Did she really miss these easy questions in this section, too? Why am I the one in trouble if Miho is really messing up so easy questions?

$$

Shiori: [Thinking] How do I even explain these parts to her so simple she understands it? They are already so easy to understand!

$$

Shiori: [Thinking] Please, mother, say yes I can go to toilet... please....

$$

But Miho didn't even go to ask her mom if Shiori can go. She hates studying, and she feels like her tutor is against her just like her mom, so she is going to teach her a lesson for not letting her look at the answers and just write them down.... She mixes something in the tea she will give her Sensei.

$$

Miho: It's really hot, sensei.

Shiori: Yes, it is.

Miho: Mom says you need to wait until all my test is corrected, but she give you drink because you must be thirsty and have dry throat after all the talking to help me.

Shiori: Oh, um... thank you.

$$

Miho: It's no problem. WE must have Sensei awake and her throat comfortable so she can explain everything to me.

Shiori: Alright....

$$

Miho: So please, drink Sensei. You were getting hoarse and I couldn't understand you well the last two questions.

Shiori: You couldn't?

Miho: No. I read the question so I knew what you were talking about, but it was hard to hear some of what you said.

Shiori: [Thinking] Oh, so maybe she didn't understand me that's why she didn't get the fat chance thing at first.... It's my fault so I must drink....

$$

$$

Shiori: So... I can't go to the toilet?

Miho: Not until we finish my test mistakes.

Shiori: Okay.... well, this next part is should have been easy for you.

Shiori: Please look the pages and see if you can get answers now you not pressured.

$$

Shiori: In the first question, what word doesn't work in this sentence?

Miho: Um... [The cat jump up that dog.] Is the wrong word jump?

Shiori: NO.... What would you say if you choose that?

Miho: [The cat run up that dog.]

Shiori: See, you no see a cat run up a dog....

....

$$

Shiori: Let's change the word dog... what word can it be then?

Miho: [The cat run up the __] I don't know. What the cat run up?

Shiori: No idea?

Miho: No.

Shiori: [Thinking- She's going to make me sit here and pee my pants before she understands] Okay, what can cat go up?

Miho: Tree?$$

Shiori: That's it!

Miho: But tree isn't right!

Shiori: Why do you say that?

Miho: Because cats can't run up a tree. They have to climb it.

Shiori: Sometimes, in English, runs doesn't mean just move legs flat in long space. Sometimes, it just means like goes.

Miho: I never had that in my notes anywhere.

$$

Shiori: Wel, it means that, sometimes. So add it to your notes.

Shiori: So the next question, what word doesn't belong here and change it.

Miho: [The cloud swims in the sky].$$

MIho: But, you don't swim in the sky. Swim has to be the right word to replace!

Shiori: Swim is right word, but you still choose wrong word.

Miho: What word if not fly, then?

Shiori: How about floats?

Miho: What is float?

$$

Shiori [thinking-This girl is really bad at vocabulary!] Well, float means when something slowly go in air but not with power and not with speed.

Miho: Like a balloon?

Shiori: Yes, a balloon floats in the sky.

*016*2021-08-15 11:10

$$

Shiori: Okay, so next, we look at your grammar sense more....

Miho: This part, I didn't do that bad on.$$

Shiori: But you still missed a few questions.

Miho: Yeah....

Shiori: Okay, look down at number 35....

$$

Miho: Sensei? Are you okay?

Shiori: Please, just look at the question....

$$

Shiori: So, the question is [The boy plays ball yesterday.].

Shiori: Where is the verb this one?

$$

Miho: The verb is... plays.

Shiori: What is wrong with the verb then?

$$

Miho: Because the word is yesterday, plays should be played?

Shiori: Yes... [heavy breath] Yes. Okay, next one...?

$$

Shiori: Miho, you read this one?

Miho. Yes, Sensei. [What sound do the cat make?].

$$

Shiori: [breath] [breath] Do you know what wrong this one? [breath] [breath].

Miho: do should be does....

Shiori: [breath] You seem to know mistake. Write next ones by yourself, and I look after it.

$$

Shiori: [thinking- Please don't pee. Please don't pee. Please don't pee.]

$$

Shiori: You need to look at number 42 again. It still isn't right.

Miho: Oh, okay.

Shiori: [Please get this this time! I'm getting so close!]

$$

Shiori: Okay, it looks good. Last thing we must do is reading check you.

Shiori: Can I go the toilet before this part?

Miho: I don't care, but if mom catch you, you will be in trouble.

Shiori: I... okay... um... can you start to read?

$$

Miho: [The boy and the tree]

Miho: [The boy held an axe up. He said that he needs feeray wood.]

Shiori: No, that words is [He said that he needs fire wood.]

Miho: Oh, okay. [fire wood. He looked up at the tree.]$$

Miho: Sensei? Are you okay?

$$

Shiori: Please... [breath] ... just read. [breath]

$$

Miho: Sensei?

$$

Miho: Sensei? Did you wet your pants?

$$

Shiori: I [breath] I... I ... [breath] I....

$$

Miho: You did wet your pants, didn't you?

Shiori: Well, I had no choice!

$$

Shiori: You and your mom would tell my company on me about before....

Miho: Yeah, but you shouldn't keep coming here without peeing first.

Shiori: Are you going to tell on me?

Miho: My mom has to know, but I don't think she tell on you. I think she going to make you wear diapers now.

Shiori: She can't!

MIho: She do that, or she call your company. Your choice.

End of Movie 2 part 2

*017*2021-08-17 11:14

$$

Shiori thought that Miho, her high school student getting her put in diapers would be the worst, but then, it seemed that Miho had a much wider net in affecting Tanaka Shiori's professional career....

So, Shiori was over at Terada Saki's house, it seemed that Saki was not happy with her teaching lately either, or more importantly, supposedly, the mother who was paying the bill....

$$

Saki: You waste too much time in class. You don't explain things clearly everytime, and you don't always get through everything I need to have explained me.

Shiori: Um... I thought you doing good at school.

$$

Saki: My teacher say my mom I need more better, and my mom say me, does teacher teach every? So, I think mom is worry you no study enough me.

Shiori: Oh. Um.... Does she want me to do something more?

$$

Saki: You no leave room when study me, and you finish all my need to study me before leave. That is all.

Shiori: Okay... I think I can do that.

$$

Saki: Okay, so we going to start with math today.

Shiori: Okay.

Saki: First, I show you my last test, and you help me understand the mistakes.

Shiori: Alright....

$$

Saki: So, first this is my score.

Shiori: That bad?

Saki: Yeah. I think it is because you do not look careful my study.

$$

Shiori: But you got this one wrong? Do you not understand this one, either?

Saki: Let me see.... Actually, I think I get this one. It was just a mistake.

Shiori: Okay, why don't you start by correcting this one if you know it.

$$

Shiori: Okay, wait, Saki. Do you see something you forgot this time?

Saki: What?

Shiori: Okay, do you do fraction first or do you do add and subtract first?

Saki: Order of operation is Multiply and Divide first.

$$

Shiori: Okay, with straight math, you are right.

Shiori: But when you don't know a value, which is represent by a variable of X or some letter....

$$

Shiori: You need to get that variable on to itself first.

Shiori: That variable is usual to mean multiply or divide the number by it....

$$

Shiori: So, when that happen, you do the order backwards. That the only way to find how the number started for equation.

Saki: Okay....

$$

Shiori: Okay, you understand that?

Saki: Yes, I think so.

Shiori: Okay, try this problem again.

$$

Saki: Okay, how do I get the variable by itself though? I don't get it.

Shiori: You don't know that basic? Okay....

Shiori: Write the problem out. Can you do that?

$$

Shiori: Okay, so first you going to add or subtract to make the X have X + 0 or X - 0.

Saki: Okay....

Shiori: When you do something next to X, you do on the other side equal sign, too.

$$

Shiori: The equal sign is like the middle of a balance scale. You keep both side even so the scale stay balance.

Saki: Okay.

Shiori: So if you subract 7 from X + 7 - 7 = 15....

Saki: Then you subract 7 from 15 - 7?

Shiori: Very nice!

$$

Shiori: Then X = what?

Saki: Then X = 8!

Shiori: So, can you do another one?

$$

Saki: Okay, I think so.

Shiori: Okay, let's try hard one. 2X + 3 = 15.

$$

Saki: Wait, I don't get that one.

Shiori: Saki! First, what do you do?

Saki: I subtract three?

$$

Shiori: And if you do that, you get ...

Saki: 2 X + 3 - 3 = 15 - 3...

Saki: 2 X = 12

Shiori: Then what means 2 next to X?

Saki: What?

Shiori: What means 2 next to X?

Saki: Sensei, your voice is getting tired. I can't hear it clearly.

$$

Saki: I'm going to get you some water so you can talk better.

Shiori: Oh, okay.

Shiori: I look at your test more so I ready to help you when you come back.

$$

Saki: Alright, but pay attention for a minute.

Shiori: Huh?

Saki: My mom wants to make sure you don't leave the room. Doing that, we keep the door locked. You must be stay in the room if the door is locked.

Shiori: Okay...?

Saki: This important. My mom say if you leave the room, she going to call your company and get new tutor.

Shiori: Oh, okay.

Saki: So lock it until I come back?

Shiori: I will.

$$

$$

$$

Saki went to the same school of Miho, and Saki is more of a follower while Miho is much more of a leader, and a very crafty girl that often gets away with bullying her classmates. She told Saki that Saki will do this to Shiori Sensei because she found out Saki has the same tutor. If Saki doesn't do this, Miho might make trouble to Saki.

Miho: Put this medicine in water for Tanaka Sensei. She don't know it. Make her drink it, and soon you find out what happen.

Saki: Okay.

Present time: So Saki is putting this in the water for her tutor....

$$

Shiori no idea at this ever. She doesn't know it that Saki and Miho are classmate, and she doesn't know they even talk, but also Miho influence her now have the almost same rule....

$$

So Shiori just marking papers for notes so she can teach Saki best way when she comes back. She feels a little bit to need to go bathroom, but she knows she don't leave the room or maybe she gets trouble by these people, and already Miho family can make her trouble... if she doesn't wear diaper their house from now.

$$

Saki: Tanaka Sensei, please let me in. I come back with water for you.

Shiori: Alright, I'm getting the door.

.... to continue it ....

$$

*018*2021-08-17 22:17

$$

Saki: I have your water, Sensei.

Saki: I'm just going to lock the door so my mom knows you are in here and not wasting time.

Shiori: Okay... but actually, I was kind of hoping you'd let me use the toilet first?

$$

Saki: well, that means you are going to leave the room.

Saki: If you leave the room, my mom says she's going to report you for wasting time.

Shiori: Oh. Okay. I guess I can wait.

$$

Saki: Please drink water, Sensei. You are hard to hear because your voice. I think must be thirsty.

Shiori: Alright.

Saki: Actually, I think sometimes, I have hard to hear you during our other classes, so that's why I did so bad this test and recently the homework at school.

Shiori: Oh? I'm so sorry.

$$

Shiori: So, are we ready to get back to work?

Saki: Yeah, I think so.

$$

Shiori: So... let's try this problem again....

Shiori: 2 X + 3 = 15

Saki: Okay, well first we minus 3 from the X and then from the 12 to make it the same.

Saki: That makes 2 x = 12

Shiori: Good, now what mean 2 X together?

$$

Saki: I don't know.

Shiori: It mean that X is you don't know yet and it is multiply by the number before it.

Saki: But there is no [times] symbol.

Shiori: That is because 2 X X might confuse you as there being 2 [times] X [times] X again. So in this math, they just put the variable with a number in front so you no confuse [times] with variable.

Saki: Okay.

$$

Shiori: [couch]

Saki: Sensei. Drink more water. That why I gave you. I need your clear voice to understand what you teach me.

Shiori: [thinking- What I really want, is to go bathroom. But I better be more careful. If two student complain, that is going to be really bad.]

$$

Shiori: So, you subracted 3 because you had it added before....

Miho: Yeah?

Shiori: Well, 2 X means to multiply by 2, so what do you think you do to make only X here?

Miho: Divide?

$$

Shiori: And then 2 X = 12, if you divide it 2, what is the answer you get?

Shiori: 2 X [divide] 2 is X? and 12 [divide] 2 is 6.

Shiori: And then X = 6....

$$

Shiori: See? It doesn't hard at all, does it?

Saki: No, I guess not.

Shiori: Here, try this one, then....

$$

Shiori: [Thinking- I really want to go to bathroom]

Shiori: This one, right here, Saki?

Saki: Okay.

$$

Shiori: Wait! You forget something.

Saki: What?

Shiori: Remember, you make X by alone, first with its number to it.

Saki: Oh, right. You have to do math backwards!

$$

Saki: This is really crazy, Sensei. Why teach us to do the order of operations so hard in elementary school if doesn't always work?

Shiori: Well, it does work. Okay, how about we check the answer of before?

Saki: Okay....

$$

Shiori: So, it was 2 X + 3 = 15....

Saki: Uh-huh.

Shiori: X is 6, so let's try with wrong way first.

Saki: Okay....

$$

Shiori: If you add three first...

Shiori: 2 [times] 6 + 3 Means if you add first... 6 + 3...

Saki: Nine...

Shiori: That times 2 is....

Saki: 18

Shiori: But answer is 15, on this side, see? That means either we don't make X right, or This not the way it done.

$$

Shiori: Now, we follow the rule you learned in elementary school.

Saki: So, we will [times] first this time?

Shiori: yes.

Saki: 2 [times] 6 become 12...

Shiori: And...

Saki: 12 + 3 is 15.

$$

Shiori: See? What you learned for elementary school doesn't wrong. But to understand an equation where you find out what number is missing for the correct answer....

Saki: You do it backwards?

Shiori: Yeah. You find in life that is sometimes helpful to go backwards to find what started.

Shiori: Now, let's work on this one?

$$

Shiori: Remember, if you see more than one with same letter variable, you try to add them together first....

Saki: Like if there is 2 X and + 5 X if is first to add to be 7 X before we find X?

Shiori: That's the way to think it.

$$

Saki: 2 X + 6 + 3 X + 3 = 24....

Saki: First... We going to add 2 X and 3 X...

Shiori: Good....

Saki: 10 X + 6 + 3 = 24

Shiori: Good.

Saki: So, now what? Do I subtract 6 and then subract 3?

$$

Shiori: You can do that....

Shiori: It gives you the same answer if you do all the subract and adding first before you get X for 1 X, but faster way is to think 6 and 3 together have no letter.

Saki: Okay...

Shiori: Well, you put all X together, and all Y together... and...

Saki: So, anything without a letter is the same, too?

$$

Shiori: Yes, that's right. Let's do the problem both ways so you can see it is the same thing....

$$

Shiori: So, you see, we subtacted 9 either way. We subtracted first 6 and then we subtracted 3 after that in the first part....

Saki: And we added it first and then subtracted 9 all at once the second time. Okay....

$$

Shiori: Okay, so you do get this, right?

Saki: Yes. I completely understand now.

Shiori: Good, because you need to understand this before you can do this next section, and that's why the next section is all wrong.

$$

Shiori: So, can you read the problem here?

Saki: Okay....

Saki: [Mike have two times as many pencils as Sue. David has 3 more pencils than both them together. There are 15 pencils on the table. How many pencils does each person have?]

Shiori: Okay, so we are going to find out who has the least number of pencils first.

Shiori: So how do you set this problem up?

$$

$$

$$

Shiori: Okay, you set it up... [2X + 3 = 15].

Shiori: How many pencils does Sue have?

Saki: X?

....

Continue it soon....

*019*2021-08-18 09:50

$$

Sue has some pencils.

Mike has 2 times as many pencils as Sue.

Jack has 2 times as many pencils + 3 more pencils than Sue.

There are 13 pencils in all.

How many pencils does Sue have? How many pencils do the other two people have?

Saki: So, Sue has X pencils + Mike has 2 X pencils + Jack has 2 X + 3 pencils....

Saki: So Do you write X + 2 X + 2X + 3 = 13?

$$

Shiori: Yes, that's right. So, now, can you first find how many pencils that Sue has?

Saki: Okay, well, X + 2 X + 2 X + 3 = 13...

Saki: 5 X + 3 = 13....

Saki 5 X = 10

Saki: X = 2....

$$

Shiori: Okay.... And who has only X pencils?

Saki: Sue? So Sue has 2 pencils?

Shiori: Good....

$$

Saki: Then Mike has 2 X so, he has 4 pencils...

Saki: And Jack has 2 X + 3, so he has 7 pencils...

$$

Shiori: I'm really sorry, but I better go to the bathroom now. If I don't, I'm gonna make a mess.

$$

Saki: [sigh] Okay. Well, I guess I'll just go get my mom and have you go. I'm sure I can find another good tutor....

Shiori: Are you serious?

$$

Saki: I'm sorry, but my mom says you need to teach me the whole time, and you need to not waste time leaving the room.

Saki: If you leave the room, you'll have to be fired as my tutor.

$$

Shiori: Oh, I don't know....

Shiori: Your mom can't want me to just sit here and pee my pants, can she?

$$

Shiori: Please, it is an emergency. I promise, I'll be right back!

Saki: I'm sorry. The rule is if you leave my room before the class is over, we will not ask you back.

$$

Shiori: Well, I can't have you calling the company and complaining.... I guess I'll just try to wait a little longer.

Saki: Good. because I don't want to lose you as my tutor.

$$

Shiori: Okay. Well, let's look at the next problem then. Maybe you can try that one on your own?

Saki: Okay....

$$

Shiori: [thinking- What did I do that both Saki and Miho have it out for me? I hope I don't get stuck wearing diapers everywhere! This is so humiliating!]

$$

Shiori: [She seems to have it now.... Please don't pee....]

$$

Saki: Sensei? Sensei? Is this right? Sensei?

$$

Shiori: Let me see it....

Shiori: Yes, it looks fine. Go on and finish the problem.

Shiori [Breath... breaath.... breath]

$$

Shiori: [Oh, I gotta go so bad! I'm going to wet myself. There's no way I can hold it until the end!]

$$

Saki: Sensei? Is this right?

Shiori: Wait. It looks like you need to....

Shiori: [breath breath breath]

$$

Shiori: [Please... please... please not yet!]

$$

Shiori: Did you Think about the value of X for each person?

Saki: I think so....

$$

Shiori: Okay... Where is the value for Yuka in this problem?

Saki: Oh, right. Okay... how about....

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*020*2021-08-18 10:28

$$

Saki: Sensei? Did you really? Did you just... pee your pants?

Shiori: Um... I... I'm sorry. I just.... I don't know what to say.

$$

Saki: But I told her you wouldn't. There is no way you would!

Shiori: Excuse me?

$$

Saki: Miho! Miho said that you'd pee your pants, but I told her you wouldn't!

Shiori: Miho! How do you know her?

$$

Saki: We go to the same school. She told me about you, but I didn't believe her....

Shiori: So, you told your mom that I wasted time....

$$

Saki: Actually, my mom doesn't even think that. I never told her you wasted time.

Shiori: But you said she would call for a different tutor...?

$$

Saki: It was all a part of Miho's plan.

Shiori: Miho again?

Saki: Yes. Miho said you were a baby and barely qualified to tutor....

$$

Saki: Of course, I disagreed her, so she told me to tell you that my mom is disappointed in you and we have to find another tutor. She said if I said that, you would definitely pee your pants....

Shiori: She did?

Saki: I'm so sorry, Sensei! I really didn't think she was right!

$$

Saki: I'm such a bad student! I'm so sorry. [crying]

Shiori: Wait! Wait, Saki. Don't cry....

$$

Shiori: It's okay. Don't cry, Saki. It's not your fault. She threatened you if you didn't do this, didn't she?

Saki: Actually, yeah, and I'm already messing up.

$$

Shiori: Messing up?

Saki: [sobbing] I'm supposed to take a picture to bring to school tomorrow as proof I did what she told me, but I don't want to.

$$

Shiori: What will she do to you if you don't show her proof?

Saki: She's going to humiliate me, instead, all over the school!

$$

Shiori: So, you have to show her pictures of me peeing my pants, or she's going to do something to you to humilate you?

Saki: Yes. But I don't want to take your picture now. [Sobbing] I don't know what to do.

$$

Shiori: I'm going to have a talk with Miho's mom.

Saki: No! Please don't do that! I'll get found out and get in worse for it!

$$

Shiori: But if we give in, then MIho will black mail us forever!

Saki: Well, what do you want me to do? If she knows I told you the plan, she's going to embarrass me bad!

$$

Shiori: Here, take a picture. Quickly, before I change my mind.

Shiori: I will think about how to get her back later.

$$

Shiori: I'm going to go home now. I hope you guys don't really look for another tutor after this.

End of movie 2 part 3

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

These are very strange for just the niche of certain view, right? I hope they enjoy some people. I know one person likes every story I load up and there seem two followers, so I continue because maybe more who just don't put any sign of it. But if someone find out this story is no like strongly, if you tell me, I stop to make them.
