A Cheerleader's Revenge

Author: RainbowCitadel

*000*2024-05-14 12:06

Sitting quietly in the stands, with a cruel look on her otherwise pretty face, Jennifer was staring intensely at the new girl as she walked about the gym floor, unaware that she was being watched.

As cheerleading captain, Jennifer was always accompanied by her two loyal subject Stephanie and Madison, who blindly shared Jennifer’s opinion about this new girl being a total bitch. That problem was that the new girls happened to share several classes with Jennifer’s boyfriend, who seemed to fancy the new girl quite a bit and would flirt quite obvious whenever they were together. Jennifer had even caught him flirting with her over messenger, but instead of calling her boyfriend out, Jennifer would blame the new girl instead.

Having transferred from another school, Lilly was the new girl in class and was still trying to find her place among the other students. She was pretty but shy and a bit nerdy. She would always carry a reusable water bottle and made an effort to stay properly hydrated throughout the day.

Of cause, drinking large amounts of water will have an effect on your bladder and Jennifer had noticed that Lilly would visit the ladies’ room whenever she got the chance. Sharing a few classes, Madison had also noticed to double lessons would almost always put Lilly’s bladder to the test as she would spend the last 20-30 minutes, tapping her foot on the floor, fidgeting in her chair and sometimes even holding her crotch as she desperately waiting to the class to be over.

With this information, Jennifer knew exactly how she would get her revenge. Having gathered the entire cheerleading squad, Jennifer informed her loyal soldiers about her devious plan and the following day the plan was put into action.

As the first period began, Lilly seemed calm and collected, paying attention to the lecture and occasionally sipping water but as the bell rang, Lilly got up and headed straight to the ladies’ room only to find all stall being occupied and a few cheerleaders waiting in line. Surprised and a slightly annoyed, Lilly had no other choice but to queue up behind the other girls and wait her turn, but as the bell rang again, the line hadn’t moved and Lilly was forced to go to class without relieving herself.

About 45 minutes into the second period, Lilly could feel the pressure building on her bladder, however being a double period it would be awhile before she would get a chance to pee. As time passed the pressure kept building and Lilly began tapping her foot impatiently as the tried to ignore the urge and focus on her class. The girls knew that sign, Lilly was getting desperate to pee and when the bell finally rang, she jumped out of her chair and rushed towards for the ladies’ room only to find all stalls to be occupied… Again!

Once again she was forced to wait in line and once again the bell rang without her getting to use the toilet. Frustrated and desperate she was tempted to keep waiting but she knew at coming to class late would get her trouble and she reluctantly went back to class. Although this was a single period, her urge to pee was already unbearable. Crossing her legs anxiously and shifting around in her seat, the other girls giggled at her misery, well knowing that she was about to burst. As her desperation grew, the shy girl gathered the courage to raise her hand and ask the teacher if she could use the restroom. But her request was swiftly and firmly denied, much to the cheerleaders’ amusement.

At this point Lilly couldn’t sit still. With one had she firmly held her crotch while she wrote with the other. Crossing her legs, tapping her foot and holding her crotch, Lilly wasn’t sure she was going to make it but after an eternity of waiting the bell finally rang.

Like a rocket taking off, Lilly leapt from her chair and rushed towards the ladies’ room, stilling holding her crotch as she desperately tried not to pee her pants. Rushing down the hall, her patch was suddenly blocked by Jennifer and a handful of cheerleaders. Shocked and desperate she tried to push through, but the girls pushed back…

“Hi Lilly... You look a bit… Desperate?”

She tried to push through again, this time with force, but the cheerleaders pushed her back.

“Please let me through… I really have to pee!”

Her bladder ached feeling like it was about to burst. Holding her crotch with both hands, Lilly looked at her with begging eyes.

“Please… I really… Fuck!”

Lilly’s eyes widened like a deer caught in the headlights of an approaching car. Losing control for a second, a large squirt of pee escaped her overburdened bladder and leaked out into her panties. Struck by panic, Lilly tried to push her way past the obstructing cheerleaders but once again she was pushed back.

She felt another squirt of pee escape her bladder but this time she was unable to regain control. Clenching her entire body, Lilly held her breath as she desperately tried to regain control but a small stream of pee was continuously leaking from her exhausted bladder…

“No, no, no, no, no!..”

With tears in her eyes, Lilly realized that she was fighting a lost battle and after a few seconds of panic she was forced go give up trying as a strong steam of pee began flooding her panties. A warm and wet sensation quickly spread around her crotch and down the inside of her thighs as the warm urine soaked through her tight blue jeans.

Realizing that Lilly was finally pissing herself, the cheerleaders all burst out in laughter. Defeated and humiliated, Lilly fell to her knees, covering her face in shames as tears started running down her face, as she heard the sounds of everyone around her laughing, cheering and taking pictures.

As the laughter wore off, Lilly was finally done peeing. Her panties and jeans were completely drenched in pee and a huge yellow puddle had formed around her knees.

