Pissy puzzles

Author: Robbie P

*000*2026-02-20 14:05

In the cozy confines of a quaint English cottage-style home, where tiled floors met wooden cabinets and a staircase led to unseen upstairs adventures, lived a bubbly 27-year-old fitness enthusiast named Brooke. With her long blonde hair tied back in a ponytail and her go-to outfit of light gray yoga pants paired with a matching tank top, she spent her mornings turning the living room into an impromptu gym. That particular sunny Saturday in 2015, Brooke had decided to tackle a new challenge: assembling a massive 1,000-piece puzzle she'd bought on a whim, all while sipping on endless bottles of electrolyte water to "stay hydrated" during her post-workout recovery. The room was a mishmash of domestic bliss—vases of yellow flowers on shelves, family photos framed neatly, and a kitchen counter cluttered with appliances that whispered promises of healthy smoothies.It started with a triumphant unboxing. 

Brooke knelt on the floor, scattering puzzle pieces everywhere like confetti at a chaotic party, her face lit up with excitement as she sorted edges from middles. But hours in, after downing her third liter of water without a single break (because who interrupts puzzle zen?), a familiar twinge hit her like a sneak attack. She shifted on her knees, pressing her thighs together, determined to finish just one more section. "Almost got the sky done," she told herself, bending over the box with intense focus, her butt in the air as if saluting the ceiling. The pressure built relentlessly, and soon she was rocking back and forth, one hand abandoning the puzzle to clutch at her waistband.

Disaster struck mid-sort. A warm surge escaped, darkening the gray fabric of her pants in a telltale patch that spread like wildfire down her thigh. Brooke's eyes widened in horror, her mouth forming a perfect "O" as she froze, staring at the glistening floor where droplets had begun to pool amid the scattered pieces. In a frenzy, she twisted around, hands fumbling to assess the damage—fingers probing the soaked material while her sneakers skidded on the tiles. She crawled backward, knocking over the puzzle box in the process, sending pieces flying like shrapnel. Laughter bubbled up despite the mess; she couldn't help grinning maniacally at the absurdity, even as she yanked down her pants to reveal purple underwear now clinging transparently.

By the staircase, Brooke stood up shakily, peeling off the wet layers with exaggerated tugs, her bare skin exposed to the empty room as she held her dripping sneakers like trophies of defeat. She paraded to the kitchen, bottom half bare, grabbing a towel from the counter to mop up the evidence while shaking her head in disbelief. The puzzle lay ruined, half its pieces now swimming in the spill, but Brooke just chuckled, vowing to buy a waterproof mat next time. From then on, her friends dubbed her "Puzzle Puddle Queen," and she embraced it, turning the tale into a hilarious cautionary anecdote at every brunch—proof that even the fittest among us can fall victim to overzealous hydration.

&&

