Swimsuits Waiting in a Line DESPERATION

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-10-06 06:59

Jeff Hayman has the most popular parties on campus. He has a pool party at his off college house. The big pool was complete with a giant water slide with water flowing down it. There was a barbecue that seemed great but sadly, the first batch of burgers were tainted and old meat. A few girls devoured that plate.

Ash was a tall, tan girl with a two piece black bating suit. Her friend Nicala leaned against the snack table with with their legs curved. She too was tan, hair tied in a pony tail as she wore her dark blue tight two piece bathing suit. Ash grabbed her belly as she felt a pressure pop out. “What the….OH!” Nicala asked her friend, “What’s wrong-OH!” Nicala grabbed her belly and bent over. “Ash, I really got to go to the…ttthe bbathroom.” Nicala’s words stuttered. Ash replied, “Me too, let’s go.”

The two hot friends walked together and knew Jeff’s house had three bathrooms. They walked in there nothing but bathing suits and tried to go into the bathroom right there in the hall. Nicala opened the door and someone shouted, “NOOOOOO!” Nicala screamed, “Oh my god!” She saw Jeff’s older dad taking a bubble bath. He said, “Jeff said I get a nice hot bath time all day if he can have his party. Now beat it!” He kicked the door shut and locked it with his toes.

Nicala and Ash moaned. They walked acorss the room, their nice butts going back and forth, and reached the other bathroom. There were two couples in front of them. They looked all giggly. “What’s this?” Nicala asked. One guy said, “We’re using this bathroom for make-out sessions. It’s clean and Jeff locked his room so-.”

Nicala and Ash put their hands on their hips and tapped their foot to deal with the building preassure and situation. Ash said, “That’s not what bathrooms are for!” The guy shook his head and laughed and turned around.

One more bathroom. Nicala and Ash took the unpleasant walk up the large staircase, each step adding pressure to their pulses of poop pains. Pains that caused huge belly aches. But also, Ash stopped and grabbed her butt and started to sweat with a scared face. “Oh no,” she said quietly.

“What’s wrong?” Nicala asked.

“”I have to go the other way too!” Ash had to poop and pee. They ran up the staircase. “Damn!” A line of three other girls for the bathroom.

Alexa was at the front. An average height dark skin girl with a two piece brown suit. Her hands rested on her crotch and legs crossed as she bounced while waiting at the front of the line. Kelly, a red head with an athletic body wore a two piece black suit. Her belly was clearly bloated as it was filling up fast. She squirmed. Jona was third in line. A tall, tan girl with curly hair in a light blue two piece. Her hands were on her hips and one leg tipped on it’s toe. Nicala got behind her, and then Ash.

“NOOO!” yelled a girl in agony. It was Colly. A gorgeous blonde who wore sexy framed glases and was in a two piece black suit, except her big boobs pushed on the bra. As well as her bladder pushing against her waist and belly making her feel like she would literally explode. “Oh man…I gotta hold it now!” Her knees inwards as her legs wobbled, and arms crossed on chest. Just like Nicala and Ash, she tapped her foot.

THE LINE: Alexa was at the front, then Kelly, Jona, Nicala, Ash, and poor Colly. All squirming and desperateyly holding in a load.

Five minutes passed and Nicala was bent over and held her belly with her legs locked together, and butt cheeks squeezed. Ash stoof up straight, legs locked together, hands rested against crotch, and bounced just a bit as she took heavy breaths.

Alexa knocked, “Hey, are you almost done, it’s been fifteen minutes?”

The person inside, another girl, said, “I’m sorry, I’ll be out soon.”

Nicala who felt her pee and poop hitting against her exits, “What’s taking her so long? Ehhhhh!”

Jona crossed her arms and held her boobs up as her feet paced slowly. “I should not have drank so much water. Had like four bottles.”

“It is hot out,” Kelly said, arms and legs both crossed. It was safe to say each girl was at a desperation point of near explosion.

“Yeah well I think something was wrong with the meat,” Nicala said. She bounced while bent over still. “My bladder and belly are both burning, I have two loads about to pop out like waterfalls.”

“One will looks more like a sewer,” Ash said.

“MMMMMMMMMmmmmmm!” Colly moaned from the very back. They all turned to her. The poor girl had her hands in her crotch, legs locked, knees inwards, and it was clear her belly was a little paler than the rest of her body as it bloated over a little bit.

“Are you going to be ok?” Ash said, stepping back from a possible coming mess.

“Y-Yeah…I’ll be fine,” Colly’s voice so strained.

Ten more minutes went by, and each girl was on the verge of an accident everyone at the party would see and humiliate them. Alexa who had waited the longest was bent a little, hands in crotch, legs and feet shuffling over each other, and her eyes with tears. She banged on the door several times with her fist.

She said, “That’s it! Come on, we really gotta go!” She began to bounce off the ground at her feet.

“Bunch of babies,” the occupant said.

“Ahhhhahahahah!” Alexa said not as laughing, but agonizing discomfort. SHE HAD TO PEE!

All the other girls were hunched over a little, hands in crotch, tearing at the eyes which made it worst from the feelings of tears which is water. Ash though remained standing up straight, legs slightly crossed. She made a big frown as her lips puffed out and sweat was on her face.

“OOooohh, ah!” Alexa said. She felt her panties of the swimsuit getting warmer and warmer. “Oh noooo!” Streams of pee shot out in multiple directions. The poor girl was wetting herself like a mere child in front of everyone. Kelly looked away as the carpet stained and her need grew worse from the reminder. Colly ran up to the door and was knocking hard.

Colly screamed, “Hurry up! I’m going to explode!”

“NO!” Kelly yelled as the red head grabbed Colly by the waist and shoving her out of the way. Colly landed on her butt and crossed her legs as tight as a pretlze. As Alexa ran off humiliated and people downstairs were heard laughing at her, Kelly wrestled with the bathroom door handle. She HAD to get in there! Her face showed a lot of worry with her frown, and wide low eyes, and mouth open a little. Her ankles crossed, legs shifted back and forth as she bounced. Kelly’s stomach felt like her belly would literally burst open with pee everywhere. Kelly yelled as she knocked. “Come on, come on, come on! We’re dying out here!” Kelly thoughts, Oh my God, oh my God, I can’t wet myself in front of everyone. I have classes with so many of them.

The other girls were just as desperate and ready to pop. Hearing splashes in the pool outside through the window made it worse, as well as the loud streaming of the water slide. The flowing stream reminded them how bad they really had to go, and the agony only got worse. Jona dug one hand under her panties of the suit and into her crotch to plug herself up, pushed the other hand outside of her panties. Jona leaned against the wall on the other side with one eye closed, teeth jittering, turning red; she was in the pre-law program with a lot of these people at college at the party. She was School Student President, Captain of Debate Team, she would not be able to hide the mess right at the exits of her body. Kelly too was a well respected person. She was Captain of the Soccer Team, Swim Team, Dance Squad, how could she survive that humiliation.

Jona said in a grunted voice, “Hey…K-K-Kelly. I….OH!...Can you kick the door down or something, I can’t wait much longer.”

“If I do, I’ll burst!” Kelly argued. They all moaned.

“Something wrong?” It was Jeffrey Hayman, the most popular guy on campus and host of the party. He stared awkwardly at the girls and their squirming. “What’s going on?”

All the girls blushed as this cute, tall guy saw their desperation. He asked, “Ew, is that pee on the floor! Is that what happened to Alexa?”

“Mhm!!!” shriked Ash through her bit, closed lips, crossed legs so tight they were numb, butt cheeks moved back and forth.

Nicala said, “Jeff, that person has been in there forever. We’re dying, can you do something?”

“Whoever is in there,” Kelly said. “They’re not even answering anymore.” Her hands remained on the door knob wrestling as she bounced. Her tan skin turning blushed red.

Jeffrey went to the door and knocked. “Hello?”

Nicala crossed her arms and rubbed her sides as her muscles grew tense. Oh come on! I can’t wet and crap myself in front of Jeff! She thought.

After knocking again, the door opened, almost causing all the girl’s bladders to explode in excitement. A blonde girl in a two piece, all black suit with silver diamonds (fake ones) going across the bra and panties. It was Zina, Jeff’s girlfriend. They kissed. “You alright babe?” he asked.

“I think I just drank too much alcohol,” Zina said. “Felt woozey. I’m fine now.”

All the girls were thinking, GET OUT OF THE WAY ALREADY, WE’RE GONNA BLOOOOOOWWW!

“OOooooHHoo, OK that’s enough you two,” Jona said. She went up and gave them little pushes to head away.

“Ew,” Zina said. “Ah, my puke stunk up the bathroom. She closed the door. She and Jeff left and went downstairs.

The girls all shook their heads. Jona ran to the door and tried to turn the handle.

“No way!” Kelly said. She grabbed Jona and pulled her away. Her legs going up and down in big steps. Like she was doing a ridiculous dance. “I’m going to pee my panties if I don’t go now.” Kelly grabbed the handle and tried to turn it. “What the?!?” Locked!

“You’ve got to be kidding!” Colly cried, still on the floor, crossed legs to her chest. Her glasses steamed up.

“Kelly you broke the door knob when you wrestled with it,” Ash cried. “I-!” She stopped and grabbed her belly as it let out a huge growl. Her lips trembled, legs that were crossed so tight they became numb and weren’t able to hold anything. A load pushed through her butt, her cheeks were tired and overworked like her belly and bladder and could not hold it in.

Ash cried quietly, “Oh…no!” Her eyes shut, tears fell as a farting noise that started as soft but then exploded out of her butt along with a bunch of poop. It splattered on the wall and floor. Ash watched her friends back off horrified, Her legs uncrossed without her control, and pee started to stream right out onto the floor between her legs. Then let out as one huge stream. Her legs covered with poop and pee, her face covered in tears with her hands over her mouth and face red. “Oh my God!” she cried. A few people sitting on the staircase saw as she backed up and pointed and were disgusted by her loss of control. Some laughed and yelled, “Hey, Ash totally pissed and crapped herself like a baby!”

Ash cried, “I…I can’t believe this.” She ran down the stairs and out of the house.

“Oh my God!” Kelly cried. She held her crotch and legs. “That’s going to happen to us.”

Nicala bit her lips, eyes watered, and still hunched over bounced as she held herself. Jona had her legs crossed as she breathed heavy. She layed her back against the wall, arms out and moaned, “OOOOOOOOOOHHH!” Then her hands clapped over her face, and she scrunched down to the floor a little. Colly rocked back and forth on the floor. “I gotta peeeee!” she screamed.

Nicala let go of herself and stood up, breathing heavy. “That does it.” Nicala kept her legs tight but kicked up one barefoot at the bathroom door. Then another kick. Nicala had to get in there. She was going to explode all the same like Ash. But every kick added preasure. Jona was leg crossed, on the floor with her whole scrunched up body being held by her feet. She pulled on her hair and cried a little. Every second that passed, another wave of raised agony would add to the feeling of literally feeling like you’re going to burst the next second.

“MMMMMMMM!” Jona moaned as she grabbed her swim panties and legs shuffled tight together. She ran down the staircase in tiny steps, knowing she had less than a minute. She could not hold it anymore.

She ran to the bathroom the dad was in. Banged on the door as she danced. “I ain’t giving this bathroom up!” he yelled. Jona screamed and truffled off and pushed people out of the way for the “makeout session bathroom” and knocked on the door. She begged in a high voice of paranoia, “Oh please please please hurry up! Get out! I REALLY GOTTA PEE!” The couple inside opened up.

The man said, “Listen this bathroom ain’t gonna help-.” She pushed them out of the way and saw the horror of finding out why this was a makeout bathroom….that’s all it could be used for. NO TOILET. But being at the bursting point, muscles tired, and being in the bathroom gave thoughts of going that were too much. She covered her mouth and cried as her bladder exploded and pee shot out of her, destroying her panties, and a huge puddle quickly covered the floor. It hurt as it pumped out of her without control. She turned as red as her friend Kelly’s pretty hair and ran but slipped and fell on her butt as people laughed at her misfortune.

Speaking of Kelly……She saw Nicala with her feet in the wall as she pulled the jammed handle. Colly fainted on the floor, and pee flowed out of her. What a mess. Kelly COULD NOT LET THIS HAPPEN! She sprinted downstairs, saw Jona crying as she crawled out of the hall soaked in pee, and Kelly said, “I got to go behind a bush outside. No choice!” Kelly had a hot body made hotter by her red hair. Her stomach was stone hard from all the pee in there, BUT she saw the bush. Big, could cover five people if they wanted to go behind them, so she scrubbled over to it, legs locked, drops starting to come out, and arms on sides tight in fists. A guy named Jason admired her hot body and beauty and confronted her.

“Hi, I’m Jason,” he said. Making Kelly stop in place and agony. This guy was keeping this girl from her relief, and she was about to burst in front of everyone.

“Oh hi,” Kelly said quick. “Look I-.”

“I,” he said, interrupting. “I just wanted to say….” The guys lips were moving, but it was silence. Kelly saw blurs from her tearing eyes, and she tried to go around but the guy stepped in front.

“OH NASTY!” someone yelled. Kelly turned and saw Jason backed away. Kelly’s bottom had become so numb, she didn’t feel the pee streaming down her legs as everyone watched. Her legs were blown apart from each other as a huge flood flowed out of her.

“NO!” Kelly cried, actual tears. She blushed and fell to her knees as more and more pee came out.

Alexa, Ash, Jona, Colly, Kelly, just Nicala now.

Jeffrey and his girlfriend went up to his room. Nicala walked down the hall 100% dry. No poop or pee on her. She whistled with her hands behind her back and shifted her hips back and forth as she passed Jeffrey. He checked her out. Once he and his girl got in his room there was a nasty smell. “What the hell is that?” he said. He looked in his garbage. “Did my dog crap and piss in my garbage?”

THE END

*003*2017-10-06 13:59

ALSO: This was a request I did for Ktpq, so hope they like it.

*005*2017-10-07 17:57

Part two

Nicala has escaped the embarrassment of an accident in front of her college classmates. However, her friends had not, and ran from the party filthy and humiliated.

Meanwhile, Jeff’s jealous girlfriend saw the way Nicala looked at her man. She wanted to teach her her place. So she dropped something in the punch bowl going around for all the girls, and then made a Spicey burger covered in peppers, hot sauce, spices, and fresh off the grill. She had her boyfriend deliver it to Nicala knowing she couldn’t resist.

“Nicala!” Jeff said. He walked over and offered out the burger. “Fresher meat than before. Sorry about your friends.”

Nicala twirled her hair and smiled. She did feel bad for he friends but it was done. “Oh no problem. And looks delicious thanks.” Nicala was a fast eater for a girl and devoured that burger in three bites. After that “AHHH!” Her mouth burnt like she ate literal fire. Jeff’s girlfriend Zira ran up to Nicala and offered some water (a whole gallon, knowing her tongue burnt so much she wouldn’t notice the size). Nicala drank down that gallon of water fast. “Thanks.” She said to Zira.

Being on the swim team, Nicala and the others were going to take a film of them talking about regionals coming up. “Nicala, you ok?” The camera guy asked.

Nicala was bouncing and sweating. She felt Big pulses of boiling pee inside. “I just really have to pee. Take five.” Nicala started to run back into the house, up the stairs...or rather she tried. She reached the staircase and did not even go up one step. From top floor bathroom to the bottom Nicala stood at the end of a huge line of about twenty other girls it seemed. Her eyes widened in terror and legs shook with her knees inwards.

“Oh no!” She shrieked. All the girls in front of her were desperate as hell. All in two piece suits, a few on summer dresses, and all squirming and holding either than crotches or bellies. Nicala felt a huge pressure exploding out of her bladder.

“This sucks!” Said the short dark haired girl in front of her. It was Emma. In a two piece black suit and bounced with her hands out in disappointment.

“You’re telling me,” said the squirming tan girl in front of Emma. It was Jill in a white bra piece and black swim pantie bottom. She held her crotch.

A short hair girl named Kate wore swim trunks that went down above the knees and were right and a tight top. She held her crotch and plugged her fingers into her pee hole to stop from her bursting. “G-G-gotta hhhold....On!”

Nicala has her arms crossed and rubbed her sides as she basically danced in place. Not knowing how she would survive this huge line. A couple girls had went but it was over a dozen desperate dripping damsals in distress (say that five times fast lol)

They waited and waited, and all of the sudden Nicala felt a spurt of drops leak out. She was in panic as she crossed her long tan legs and prayed for her panties survival.

To be continued in PART 3....

*008*2017-10-09 15:04

PART 3

Nicala, in front of her was Emma, in front of Emma was Jill, in front of Jill was Kate. In front of Kate was still just under a dozen other girls dancing from poop and pee desperation. Nicala’s legs were like pretzles with her knees out and ankles twisted. Poor Nicala has just escaped a humiliating accident of epic proportions, so this was not ideal of a situation for her to be stuck in.

“OH NOOOOOO!” a girl yelled from above. Everyone looked up and their jaws dropped. A girl who was literally next in line to go had peed herself. Her swim panties and summer dress darknened as a stream led down the stairs and past all the girls putting more in desperation from the watery sight. Kate just jumped right before it hit her feet and was holding her gut tight with her arms as she bent down. That poor girl from above ran. Poor Emma bounced foot to foot as her desperation increased.

From the sight of the girl who just had an accident which thus amplified all of the other girl’s needs to grow, they stormed the door. The girls, six or seven near the top had toppled one another for the bathroom. They were jammed in the door and tried to break through. But from the pushing and urgency to get it BOOM all of their bladder popped. One of them something else as well…poop. Mixed with the urine as it leaked with the other girl’s pee off the staircase making a huge mess in the house. The smell alone made the other girls gag.

“Oh…no…” Emma moaned. Her heartrate increased to max levels past the weight her bladder could hold, and seeing so much dripping water and girls failing to hold it made her lose faith. Emma danced in place as she stuck her fingers in her crotch to plug up the leakage of her body. She cried as an accident approached.

They struggled and struggled. Zira, Jeff’s mean girlfriend with an omorashi obsessed type of revenge apparently went to the side of the house and climbed up the fire escape stairs and through Jeff’s window. She waited in the hall by the bathroom as only a few girls and then Kate, Jill, Emma and Nicala were left.

“GOD!” Nicala said as she held her crotch and her legs shook. Her stomach clearly expanded over her waist from the amount of pee inside. “I’m gonna….gonna…” she complained in a strained voice. “My body is going to burst pee everywhere.”

Jill said, “I know,” she breathed heavy. She clapped her hands on her face as her legs went up and down dancing like a mere child in place desperate for the bathroom. “I’m going to die if I don’t get in there in a few minutes. How you holding up Kate?” she said, giving Kate a smack on the back which vibrated her poor overworked kidneys.

“AHHH!” Kate yelled. She turned red as a couple drops leaked out. “WWWWWhy WWould y-y-you do that?!?” Then Kate looked ahead. It was her turn! She ran into the bathroom. Slammed the door shut, and sat on the toilet as a load of pee flung out of her body as a forceful, burning stream that hurt to come out, at first. But it felt oh so nice as her gut deflated and she smiled knowing she avoided an accident, and the physical and mental stress was away.

Outside the bathroom, which was barely closed as the slam actually broke the lock and made Kate visible to the other girls, the sight and sound of their friend reliving herself made Nicala, Jill, and Emma’s situation so much worse. That was it for Emma. Her bladder exploded and a load of pee and poop fell out of her. It was so humiliating Emma did not have time to feel relief as people stared and she started to cry. Emma cried and ran out of the house, leaving a trail of crap and urine behind her.

Kate left the bathroom and let out a sigh of relief. She looked at the dancing Nicala and Jill who looked like they were about to collapse as they sweat and shook from desperation. Their tan legs crossed and twisted, bellies filled, so Kate asked. “Are you guys okay?”

They stormed for the bathroom, but Zira, the mean girlfriend of Jeff, pushed them aside. Both Nicala and Jill were at a breaking point.

“NO NO STOP!” they shouted. But Zira ran in, leaped onto the toilet, and started to go. Zira spread her legs open, showing everything, and let of a sigh of relief as loads of pee and poop fell out of her. She even lifted off the seat a bit so Nicala and Jill could see it and it made their desperation sore to new levels. They held onto one another, legs twisted around each other and they hopped as if they were stuck together as one. As their bladders were going to explode, Zira felt like her organs fell out of her body, unaware of how much she held in. A slight burn that started as she ran went away, and she breathed better than she had her whole life.

“That’s what you get beach!” Zira said as she pointed to Nicala.

“But I didn’t do anything,” cried Jill.

Zira said as she flushed, “You were a sacrifice that had to be made.” She waved her butt at them and slapped it. Jill could not take it. She ran and made a close call. But Nicala could not take it. She started to leak, her muscles and bladder overworked so she ran in and sat on the sink as she pulled her panties down, and Nicala and Jill released together. Their aching bodies pain slowly vanishing after spiked at first, and they felt relief. They felt skinny cause their loads were gone. However….Jeff saw them in disgust. He walked away and Nicala ran as she finished.

“Jeff, I’m sorry, it’s just-.”

Jeff cut Nicala off. “Don’t…let’s just forget that happned. Listen, I see the passes you make at me,” he said as they walked back outside, “But I have a girlfriend.”

“That in the bathroom was real me having to go! It’s not my fault, one bathroom is being used for making out and the other your dad is bathing in. See, he’s still in there!” The door down there was closed.

“My dad left for work like twenty minutes ago,” Jeff said. He opened the door and jaw dropped. His girlfriend was making out with his friend Buddy in the bathtub.

Zira looked stunned as she was caught. Nicala covered her mouth and laughed. “Babe wait!” Zira cried. “It’s just he’s hotter and-.” Jeff walked away, and Nicala went to comfort him.

A relationship may bloom!

*010*2017-10-30 04:35

New chapter

Damn those laxatives and gallons of water. It was almost nighttime and Nicala was dancing...but there was no music. Her stomach and bladder were aching again like crazy. And after being with that other dude, Zira (Jeff’s ex) started to feel queasy in her own private areas. She caught something from that dude and now it was causing her insides to act up.

“Oh damn!” Zira said. She tiptoed back into the house. There was one bathroom left, and of course her favorite person Nicala was waiting as well. Zira got behind her with her hands to her crotch.

Nicala has her arms crossed and foot tapping. “I’m not-OH-speaking to you.” She said through a surge of bladder pains and burning stomach.

Zira replied, “Like I care.” After a few seconds Zira looked down as she felt her belly going over her panties. The pain was a mixture of burning and as if someone punched her down there.

Nicala bounced as her bladder felt like it tumbled back and forth back and forth. She knocked on the door. “Excuse me! Almost done?”

Then Zira said, “Yeah were gonna burst!”

The girl, Gabie, finally exited the bathroom. By then though Nicala and Zira were potty dancing in front of everyone and was humiliating.

Nicala and Zira fought in the doorway. They pushed on one another to go through. Their bellies hitting each other engorged the pain to maximum levels.

“Me first!” Nicala said.

“Screw you!” Zira said. She pulled back on Nicalas face and Nicalasa foot pushed on Ziras back. Eventually they flipped through and fought over the toilet. Their legs going everywhere as the intense desperation rose.

“Forget it!” Nicala said as she felt her stomach exploding. She ripped off her bikini panties, and Zira tools hers off as well. Their tanish in shape butts pressed onto one another as they shared the one toilet.

BOOM! Their pee and poop shot out of their butts and into the toilets. Their stomachs deflated and they felt an ease of release. Smiles went across their face as relief dawned upon them. Like their every bad thing in their lives was falling out.

“Ahhhhh.” They said in peaceful tones.

As they tried to get up, they realized being pushed against each other in the toilet they were now stuck.

