Hot High School Seniors in LINE WAITING to beat bursting

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-09-02 19:11

Amy got up that morning and noticed on her clock that she was going to be late for class. She was an eighteen-year-old senior in high school approaching graduation in a month. She quickly got dressed. White sweatshirt, blue under t-shirt, flip flops, and some very short, hot as hell, tight, latex black shorts that covered her crotch and a couple inches of the top of her sexy bare legs.

She headed out her door and wanted to use the bathroom since she had a morning full bladder inside her body, boiling to burst out, but she squirmed past it and downstairs holding her crotch together.

Amy hit some traffic twice on her way to school, about twenty minutes to get there total. Did she ever need the bathroom. It kept feeling like it would burst out of her any second, like it was starting to drop from her crotch. “Errrmmmmm!” she moaned as pulses of agony shot through her. Sweat formed on her head from the anxiety of an approaching accident in her pink panties and short shorts.

She parked, got out of her car and nearly forgot her bag. She sprinted across the parking lot with her legs squeezed together at her crotch, and her butt cheeks held tight. OOOHHHH, it’s coming! It’s coming! She thought. She passed by students and teachers she’s known for years. Amy was known as one of the hot girls. Now as an adult and headed off to college soon, she knew her looks only got better…but her bladder didn’t!

“Holy crap!” Amy said as she threw her legs in the air as she quickly turned the corner of the hall like a racecar that hit its breaks. She grabbed the handle to the women’s bathroom and wrestled with it. She forgot that due to heightened security in the school there were locks on all public areas that students needed to use ID cards to scan in. She wrestled through her bag and found it and swiped. She knob still would not move. She froze as she looked up and saw the sign, OUT OF ORDER. “Oh…no….”

Amy ran to the staircase with her legs crossing in front of each other each step. She held her crotch tight with her hands and legs pushed as she bounced up the stairs, and swiped her card on the next bathroom. It opened. “Sweet holy Christ!” she yelled as she kicked one of the stall doors opened and pulled her short shorts off, panties down, and sat on the toilet as a rush of pee shot out of her. “Ahhhhhhh!” she said in relief. Her belly deflated, and it was so loud it was like a waterfall. Amy was empty. A close call.

Amy stopped by the student snack stand after first class to grab a coffee. She drank it down fast. She had gym class right after and hit the water fountain numerous times as they played basketball. What a workout.

She saw a girl run up to the bathroom she went to first this morning. The girl frantically swiped her card but it would not open. It was the broken bathroom. The girl ran like hell.

“Humiliating,” said Jennie.

“Same thing happened to me this morning,” Amy said. “I seriously almost burst in my pants. It would have been a mess.”

“And the end of your high school rep,” Jennie laughed.

After band class and blowing into her trumpet which pushed her stomach, it made her have to go to the bathroom again. Amy felt uncomfortable, but knew she’s be ok. There were three bathrooms for the girls (and three other ones for the guys). One was out of order, then there was the one Amy used, and then a last one on the other side of the school that was a single person’s restroom, one occupant at a time only. The discomfort built up more as pressure pushed the coffee and water she guzzled down earlier into her lower belly and bladder. She could feel she was holding some weight down there. Amy’s long, bare legs started to shake, and her feet crossed over each other under her chair.

The bell rang and Amy made it to the bathroom. She went in, and damn her rotten luck, all four stalls were occupied, and there was a line of a few girls in front of her.

Amy got behind Jennie, her friend. Jennie squirmed in place as her nice-sized legs and hips that showed in those blue short shorts held in the load she carried. In front of her was Lana, who was very skinny and wore tight jeans, a white shirt, and fancy black jacket. Her red hear was tied up as she stood with her legs crossed in those high heels. Lana felt her bladder expanded and pushing against her tight waist jeans. Emma was a blonde with sexy legs that showed from her black short shorts. Her foot tapped as she waited, with her lips pursed. Claudia was in tight, white pants and shoes that had a gap to show her ankles. She wore a green top, and her long red hair spread from her head, down her back. Her big butt squirmed back and forth as she waited.

“Oh, come on!” Alicia as she came through the doors. She was in tight black dress pants, a tight red shirt, and was a beautiful brunette. She got behind Amy and squirmed. “I have to pee so bad, I’m like not even joking.”

Each girl was eighteen years old, adults. Beautiful women. In line, desperate as hell….

TO BE CONTINUED…

*004*2017-09-02 23:43

CHAPTER 2

The girls squirmed and bounced as their bladders shot out waves of painful pulses. They felt a boiling, hot load inside that pushed up and against their lower bellies and their crotches.

A toilet flushed, and the sound of rushing water made all the girls look away as their agony increased. Claudia, being next, her desperation spiked as she saw the toilet and could not run due to her cramps being so bad she felt she might lose control over holding it in. As she got closer to the door Alicia ran up and they bumped into each other.

“Watch it!” Claudia said as sweat formed on her head and she grew nervous.

Alicia had fists formed against her belly. Her legs bounced up and down one at a time. “Please I have to pee sooooo bad! I can’t wait in line.”

Amy said, “No way, there’s a line for a reason, we all waited longer.” Amy held her body, arms crossed on her chest tight as she bounced and tapped her foot with her leg out.

Another stall flushed and the girl got out, so now there were two free stalls. Emma ran to that stall but then the fire alarm went off. All the girls looked up at the flashing light with wide eyes and jaws dropped. They had no choice. They had to evacuate the building.

Poor Claudia, Emma, Lana, Jennie, and Amy, and Alicia…they were dying for the toilet. Their bodies ached to make a release of the liquid of desperation that put a heavy weight on them. The fire alarm was just a monthly drill, so after about fifteen minutes (which felt like an hour to the girls) they went back inside. They were told classes would begin right away, which meant they all had to go back to class.

Sitting in their classes the girls could not stop shaking their legs and feeling a steaming, heavy pressure that pushed against the inside of their stomach and was trying to burst out of their crotches and into their panties.

Amy had her legs crossed and bit on her pen as her foot hanged over her other leg and wobbled her flip flip to the end of her toes. Their classmate Troy sat between Amy and Claudia. He was so turned on seeing them desperate, and started to shake his water bottle which made the girl’s minds race as they tried to control their bladders.

Amy was too shy to admit she had to go in front of everyone. Claudia could not take it anymore. She waved her hand in the air and the teacher called on her.

“MMMay I use the bathroom sir?!” Claudia begged. He gave her a nod and she sprinted out of that room. Amy smacked her head on her desk in annoyance.

Not gonna make it, not gonna make it! Claudia thought. She reached the bathroom. It was the single person’s restroom, there was no way she could make it to the other end of the school. She grabbed the door knob, reached for her key card…but it wasn’t there…it was in her bag back at class! “No, no, no!” Claudia said as she bounced in place.

“Get out of the way!” Emma yelled. She pushed Claudia aside and swiped her card. “I’m gonna explode!” Claudia grabbed Emma’s arm. “What the hell?”

“Emma, please let me go first! I don’t have my key card, I’m going to pee my green panties.”

“First off I’m commando so how do you think I feel? I’ll let you in after.”

Claudia knew it was now or never. She would have an accident if she didn’t go now. She grabbed Emma and tried to push her aside but they fought. Claudia lifted her legs up to knee Emma away, and Emma dropped her key card into the bathroom. Emma kicked off the wall and they both fell away. The bathroom door closed and locked. Emma’s key card was locked inside.

“No!” Emma said. She started to sweat as her voice cracked and she brought her legs up to her chest and started to shake back and forth on the floor. “I…can’t…hold…

The bell rang and Claudia jumped. The noise startled her so much her muscle released and her bladder dropped and let it all out. “NOOOOOO!” she yelled. But it was no use. She tried to hold herself with her hands, but a warm yellow waterfall flowed out of her, onto the floor, and down the hall. Claudia cried as kids walked the halls and saw she had an accident. She was humiliated. It was still coming out, burning her crotch as she felt her green panties dropped off of her down area. Her white pants now gray, she was soaked.

Emma wobbled on the ground as she held her legs crossed, up to her chest squeezing as she tried to keep her pee inside. The janitor pushed her aside and closed the area for cleaning to mop up all the pee. The other girls showed up and dropped their jaws and froze as they saw their bathroom was no unavailable.

Jennie crossed her legs and shook. “Screw this, every girl for herself!” Jennie started to run to the other side of the school. All the girls got to the last bathroom and once they got in they screamed from horror at what they saw….

TO BE CONTINUED…

*007*2017-09-06 22:05

CHAPTER 3

All the stalls had lines of desperate girls in front of them who bounced and squirmed as they waited desperately for their turn to use the toilet. The others fought for their place in the line that led into the four lines that led to the stalls. Jennie made it first, behind her was Amy, then Lana, then Alicia, and not long after having pulled herself off the ground on the other side of the school and used every ounce of mental and physical strength to keep her filling bladder from exploding: Emma.

Emma’s jaw dropped. The poor girl was in black gym short shorts and a gray shirt. Her legs squeezed together as she squirmed in place. She was about to use the bathroom on the other side of the school, now she had to wait. “Oh God…” she cried in tears.

Amy was now as desperate as she was this morning when she almost popped in her panties but made it just in time. All the girls felt like they had woken up from a night of drinking gallons and had a boiling full bladder. Amy had her legs tight together as she shuffled her flip-flop covered feet in place.

Jennie was slouched over as the lines moved forward. Her hands dug into her crotch as she tried to plug herself up so she wouldn’t burst. Her tight butt bounced side to side as she shook up and down.

Lana usually had a lot of control over her bladder. But she leaned against the sinks as her ankles crossed in those tight jeans and high heels. Her skinny body barely able to contain the building pressure inside that worsened against her tight waist of the jeans. “Mmmmmm!” she moaned as she bit her lip.

Alicia danced in place as she could feel a couple drops pop out into her panties. Emma who was the very last of every girl in line was slouched over as she grabbed her crotch and went up and down. She was a short, blonde, and hot senior who started to breath heavy and sweat from the pressure that was building inside, getting ready to burst.

“Ee!” Alicia shrieked.

“What’s wrong?” asked Lana.

“I’m…I’m…I’m starting to go in my pants! I can’t wait much longer.” Girls who got out of the stalls went to wash in the sink, and the running water tormented the girls as it reminded them of needing to go and wanting to let go right there. “Oooooooh!”

Lana’s hands dug into her pockets as her legs crossed. “I’ve seriously never have had to take a piss this freaking bad in my whole life.”

“I almost peed all over myself this morning,” Amy said. “I can’t believe I’m facing this again.”

“I…can’t…” Alicia struggled. “Oh God, Oh God, Oh Gooooddd!!! Here it comes!” She looked left and right and sweated bullets. Alicia unbuttoned her pants, pulled them and her panties down, and jumped sat on the bathroom sink. Girls grossed out as Alicia let out a relief of a load. “Ahhhhhh,” she said peacefully. She peed into the sink right there, and not long after it overflowed and leaked on the floor. However, it did not hit Alicia, she saved herself from wetting her clothes.

The pee however touched her friend’s feet just as they made it to the stall themselves. Emma’s bare feet in flip flips sent an alert of water to her brain and then her bladder making her feel the need to release. She jittered her teeth as she quickly crossed her legs tight and one kicked back in the air.

Jennie felt it too and a burst of going exploded inside of her. She barely made it into the stall and started to go in the toilet. Relief. Dry, relief.

Amy’s legs started to wobble. Then, the bell went off. They had to go to class. Amy, Lana, and Emma, still bursting like crazy on the inside.

They could barely get through their classes. Each remaining girl felt explosions of bladder pains rock their whole bodies, harder on the lower belly area and crotch. Lana was forced to unbutton her pants to release some pressure. Emma had a lot of agony. That feeling someone gets when they really must go and are right there about to get into the toilet room and the need to go increases by ten times, she had that before Claudia blocked her out. Then she was forced to hold it back and deal with it growing as she waited in the other bathroom. She was fighting every second to save herself from an embarrassing accident of epic tragedies. Amy meanwhile had her legs crossed twice over. Her crotch screamed for relief as she nearly cried out.

The bells rang and they jolted for the bathrooms. One was out of order, and now…the other was out of order! “What happened?” the girls cried in unison to the janitor who was there.

“That dang girl Alicia. She peed in the sink and it went on the floor too. It’s a health violation that makes the room contaminated. It won’t be back open until tomorrow. There’s still the single room left.”

The girls ran there for their lives. But not too fast. They were on the verge of wetting. Their legs squeezed tight, their butt cheeks squeezed tight and ran in tiny steps. People around them laughed as they saw their awkward movements of holding. They ran as their bodies bounced side to side and made it to the bathroom, single person so one occupant at a time.

Amy swiped her card and ran in. Emma and Lana fought for the last spot. Amy dropped her things, ripped her shorts off, took her panties off, and planted herself on the toilet. Before she sat it exploded out of her like a waterfall. Amy let out a breath of relief that was covered by the loud stream pouring out of her. Lana and Emma heard it outside the door and grabbed their ears shut as they danced in desperation about to burst. Their legs flying up everywhere. Their own bodies screaming at them to let them pee already, they’re not meant to hold in this much for this long.

Amy's leg muscles lossened as her bladder became less and less heavy. Her toes uncurled and relaxed. She smiled as she sat there and let the stream flow out of her.

Right before Amy got out, Emma thought she would die, but instead a pressure went over her that made her lose breath and pass out on the floor.

Lana ran into the bathroom and relieved herself. After three full minutes of peeing that required two flushes, Emma got up as she heard Lana, and she forgot for a moment why she was there. Then as Lana got out of the bathroom Emma remembered, and just like that all the pain rushed back to her in an instant. She tried to run in but Lana stepped in front of her and smiled.

“This is interesting,” Lana said.

Emma’s legs were going up and down high and low as her hands dug into her crotch. Her voice was low and strained. “Wwwhat are you dddoing?...Get out…oowww…get out of the way. I’m about to burst open like a waterdam. I'm going to soak myself!”

Emma tried to storm in again but Lana pushed her back. What a lot of people did not know about Lana, her biggest secret, she was a bisexual, very horny, omorashi-obsessed sociopath. Emma started to cry. Then she froze in utter terror as the toilet in the single restroom started to overflow. Her jaw dropped.

Lana said, “Decided to shove some extra paper down there. Looks like you have an hour left of the day, and no toi toi to go to."

Emma’s legs crossed. There were no toilets left for her to use in the school. Her card wouldn't work on boy's rooms. Her belly was expanded out from under her shirt despite her being in shape. Her muscles clenched. She fell on her butt and rocked back and forth fast as she tried to contain the gallons inside of her. Lana looked at poor Emma as it turned her on to see desperation so much. Emma, knowing she was moments away from an accident of humiliating proportions was in a state of heavy breathing and panic. She felt like she would literally explode two hours ago before Claudia stopped her. Her stomach hurting and feeling like it would pop open, her legs becoming numb, the hot, burning ache in her crotch. She cried, “Wwwwhhhhy….”

TO BE CONTINUED…

*012*2017-09-07 19:22

{{19 hours ago, REG said:

OMG have mercy on emma please

}}

Why? Lol

*014*2017-09-13 00:14

CHAPTER 4

Poor, sweet, gorgeous Emma. She could not believe what happened to her. All day she tried to get into the bathroom. She kept getting pushed out of the way, now Lana broke the last toilet she could use in the school. Emma was on the floor, her legs tightly crossed over each other, pulled up to her chest with her arms around them as she bit her lip and sweated from the feeling of her lower belly burning and bursting literally.

“Oh no!” she shrieked. Emma felt a drop shoot out of her and into her short. Just a tiny one, but still, it meant she did not have much time left. She cried, “Why God? Wwwwhhhhhyyyyy?!?”

Lana, sexy but evil stood there as she tapped her foot and arms crossed over her chest fully relieved herself, looked down with a wicked smile. “This is going to be so hot.”

The bell rang. Emma struggled, but pushed herself off the floor and slowly walked to class. She walked down the halls as the last of the students gazed at her agonizing body. Arms over her stomach, one step at a time, and she shook. Emma was about to burst like a water balloon.

She made it to history class. Ms. Lela was a young, hot teacher who wore tight blue jeans, these dark, orange heels, and a pink dress shirt. Her blonde hair, waved all over. Emma was late to class. Ms. Lela asked, “Emma, why are you late?”

Emma stood there, humiliated by how she looked right now, nothing compared to how bad if she wet herself. Her legs crossed in her black short shorts, arms crossed on chest, and she slowly bounced in place. “I’m sorry Ms. Lela.” She said in a strained voice.

“Emma, are you okay?” Lela asked.

“Of course, why wouldn’t I-.” Emma was cut off as she felt her body spurt out two more drops of her boiling pee. She turned red as she rubbed her butt cheeks together to keep the drops inside of her clothes and not fall down her exposed legs. “I’m just going to sit down.” Emma took her seat, and Lela began her lecture.

“So, class, let’s talk about our chapter. Washington sailed across the blue ocean.”

OCEAN. That word struck Emma like a bullet. “Ooohh,” she moaned. Her belly made a sound that was like an angry growl. Her legs tightened.

Ms. Lela continued. “The prices of things like toiletries and water increased. It put pressure on the government.”

TOILETRIES…WATER…PRESSURE… “Errrrrg.” Emma moaned again. Sweat came out of her forehead, and Lana sat in the back of class very turned on. Emma saw the janitor outside as he mopped up the floor and splashed water from his bucket onto it. The noise and sound reminded her how bad she had to pee. Her legs crossed and the leg that was on top had its foot curve behind Emma’s other ankle. She tightened as hard as she could. Tears came from her eyes as painful pulses that felt like punches to the gut only hotter soared inside her.

She was so worried. She was going to have an accident in front of everyone. Her legs shook like an earthquake stormed under the floor she was on. Emma pulled on the cheeks of her face which was so wet from sweat. Her stomach growled again. Another few drops popped out and into her clothes. The growling in her stomach would not stop, and people turned as they heard it. No one should hold in this much pee for this long.

“I think she’s going to pee herself,” one guy whispered to someone.

“Wow. How embarrassing,” a girl said.

Having talked about water for so long, and being a teacher, she had limited bathroom breaks during the day. Ms. Lela felt a large pressure in her own belly. She took careful steps as she grew worried. She had forgotten to go during lunch break.

Lana saw the teacher and realized Emma might use her as a desperate attempt to use the teacher’s bathroom. A guy in class passed Lana a brownie. He said they were for cute girls only, and she admired that and ate it quick.

As the bell rang, Lana got up from her seat but grabbed her belly as she felt a heavy pain hit inside. Her butt cheeks squeezed on senses. She tightened the muscles in her stomach as she felt something solid trying to burst out. The guy was Paulie the Prankster, class clown. LAXATIVE BROWNIES. “Oh…crap,” Lana thought.

Ms. Lela took slow steps to the teacher’s lavatory. Emma literally bounced over there. Lana struggled behind.

Ms. Lela reached the one teacher’s lavatory and swiped her card. She tried to open but it was occupied. She started to sweat and took a few steps back. Hands in her pockets, her legs crossed.

Emma bounced in front of the teacher’s lavatory. She banged on the door hard and fast. “GET OUT! I GOTTA GO! GET OUT!”

Ms. Lela marched over and grabbed Emma’s arm. “Emma! Stop that.”

“I really gotta go!”

Ms. Lela’s legs wobbled. “So…so do I.” What she wanted to say actually was, Kid, I’m about to piss a heavy load in my panties.

They both saw Lana as she struggled over. She tipped side to side with her legs closed tight.

Emma’s stomach let out a loud sound and her belly started to grow. This was it. 3…2…1, Emma cried and ran off. No accident though.

Lana grabbed Ms. Lela’s keycard. The person left the bathroom. Door closed and locked. Lana tried to swipe, but Lela grabbed her arm. Lana pushed her shoe against Lela’s aching belly. She moaned. The card was in the swipe lock, and they pushed each other to the side.

Lana having fallen down released her pressure without wanting to. Her belly exploded, poop shot out of her gut and made her jeans brown within seconds. People pointed and laughed at the little sociopath who oh so deserved it.

Ms. Lela having felt great for a victory, and saw her turn to use picked her card off the floor and swiped. The door remained locked. “What?” Her jaw dropped to her horror as she saw her card snapped in half when they felt and it was caught in the lock.

Her bladder had had enough. As the poor teacher cried, her bladder shot out a river of pee that flooded her panties and jean, and made them dark in seconds. It poured out from under her pants and onto her shoes, and a puddle formed around them.

They cried. Both accidents. One deserved it, one did not.

HOURS LATER

Emma was at home, she smiled, happy, and had dry clothes. The same clothes she wore to school.

At the school that night, the janitor went around to garbage cans and dumped them.

“Can’t wait to pour this last can and go home.” He poured it, and out came gallons of pee that poured all over the floor out from the side of his travel trash bin. “Crap.”

THE END.

