The Continence Mandate

Author: randomkath

*006*2017-02-25 21:01

I thought to myself: "Forced female desperation is just the thing. If only there was a powerful organization that could make rules and then enforce them with near absolute authority. Oh. Right. There is. We call it 'the government'. Now, what if the people in charge all had a holding fetish to rival my own, and all just loved to see women bursting?"

This is also the reason why I love bes31's "The Piss Tax" so much. Simmilar concept, different execution.

I'm glad you guys like it. This was originally posted in a place with a much narrower focus group. It was reasonably well received, so I was interested in finding out how the idea would sit with a more general audience. As general as "a bunch of perverts" gets

Anyway, here's a bit more.

Nota bene:

- STRONG LANGUAGE

- EXPLICIT SEX SCENE

- OFFHAND REFERENCES TO SEXUAL EXPLOITATION

So if that upsets you... well... you know... there's a trigger warning right there.

*007*2017-02-25 21:08

The Continence Mandate: Jane's Re-Evaluation

Part 1: Inspection

Jane walked down the stairs and into the parking lot of her apartment complex with her head held high. A casual observer would have seen nothing but a confident young woman. Her heels clicked on the pavement, as she set one foot in front of the other in a very controlled, lady-like stride. No one could know what was going on inside of her. When she reached her car, the sun was setting, shining its almost vertical rays through her auburn hair. She unlocked the door, and slid into the driver's seat.

When she pulled out of the parking lot and continued onto the ringway, her legs were shaking, something she could allow herself in the relative privacy of her own vehicle. She steered the small sedan past the shopping center and onto the on-ramp. Traffic on the highway was light on a Saturday afternoon, and when the camera had identified the lane markings, the blue indicator on her dashboard came on. The flicked the switch, and a loud ping announced that the car was now driving itself.

Now she was able to take both hands of the wheel, place them in her lap, and support her holding muscles with her fingers. She sighted, leaned back, and closed her eyes to enjoy the sensation. How nice. The computer knew where they were going, so there was no need to pay any attention to the road. She needed this short break to mentally and physically prepare for what would come next. 'Just an hour and a half”, she thought, 'and I'll finally be comfortable again!' Of course, another hard test was lying ahead of her, something that would need to be taken care of before she could enjoy the luxury of...

The insistent ringing of her phone brought her back to reality. She reluctantly opened her eyes and looked at the caller ID portrayed on the screen in the center console. One hand still firmly in her crotch, she used the other to take the call. “Hi Karen.”

“Hi Sweetheart. Are you on your way already?”

“Just about there.”

“Well, I wish you luck. Let me go how the eval turns out.”

“Will do. Listen, I need a moment to focus, so if you don't mind...”

“No problem. Just call me afterwards, please. Bye!”

A few more minutes of relaxing followed. When the autopilot beeped loudly for the third time, Jane finally let go of her private parts, and took back manual control. If she hadn't, the car would have parked itself in the safety lane, instead of veering into less predictable traffic patterns without a human operator on watch. She got off the highway, turned right at the end of the off-ramp, and followed a side road into a middle-class neighborhood. Her destination was one of those small, bungalow-style houses that the university had set up as single dwellings, trying to attract skilled scientist on tenure track.

The U's plans of becoming a major research center hadn't really worked out, and most of its housing had ended up on the free market, becoming very popular with more affluent singles, and childless couples. She pulled into a driveway and brought the car to a halt in front of a garage door, before shutting it down. One last squeeze, just a few more seconds of manual support. A sigh. No reasonable way to put it off any longer. Time to get out of her seat.

Jane used her passenger door window to check her appearance for the last time. Her face was acceptable, very light makeup, virtually no mascara, just a hint of naturally colored lipstick. Richard liked the natural look. No elaborate earrings either, just metal studs. Hair up, managed by a single tie. Her tank top was as plain as it got, white, midriff-baring and tight. Her toned stomach nicely on display. Her nipples pushed through the thin fabric in the cool evening breeze.

The skintight blue jeans accentuated her long, slender legs, easily her body's best feature. The lowcut waistband exposed just a hint of her hip bones on either side. She very much liked this part of her outfit, but it was not like she would have had the option to change her pants anyway. In fact, she hadn't been out of this particular pair in days.

Well, she wasn't a super model. She wished the had boobs to show off, or a butt to speak of, but this would have to do. She knew she was hot, and she had styled herself exactly to his likings.

Only one thing left to do. The bulge in her lower abdomen was showing. She slowly pulled her swollen bladder back in, using all her strength, until her belly was perfectly flat,like there wasn't a drop of fluid in her at all. Now, hold it there, hold it... Her eyes brimmed with tears, but she blinked them away.

The door was opened by the only man who could afford her relief. People usually imagine every Bladder Master to be a bald, overweight, old man with a nasty sadistic look. In contrast, Richard Bartosz was a skinny gentleman in his thirties, with black-rimmed glasses and an innocent expression.

“Bad Girl Jane Elvey reporting for inspection, sir.” He nodded and let her into his small, brightly lit kitchen, closing the door behind her without a word. Then he grabbed her by the shoulders, and pulled her in for a deep, passionate kiss. She melted into his arms while his tongue found its way into her mouth. After what must have been a minute, their lips separated. He hold her at arms length, and looked at her more affectionately than most would have considered proper. “Hey Babygirl.”

“Good afternoon, sir.”

He smiled, then gestured towards the coat rack. “Why don't you hang up your jacket?”

“My jacket? Oh. Yes.” Thankfully, the room wasn't too chilly. She pulled her top over her head, and hung it to a hook by its spaghetti straps. He studied her A-cup breasts. Just a handful, but what a nice handful they were. Two small hemispheres, perfectly firm, not the slightest amount of slouch, the tiny nipples rosy and slightly pointed upwards.

Standing there, in just her heels and skinny jeans, she raised her arms over her head and did a slow turn, presenting to him her 24-year-old body, shaped by a decade of gymnastics. He seemed to like what he saw. He had noticed the tremor in her legs, her sucked-in belly, the panicked look in her eyes. She was almost exploding. Her entire body screamed off her need for the toilet, and yet she managed to put on a smile and keep up her facade. 'Oh god' he thought. 'She's a hot mess. A desperate, piss-filled, bursting, trembling hot mess. But she's absolutely not allowed to show it.' The thought gave him a raging erection.

He closed his fist around her hair, and spun her around, using the ponytail for a handle. Then he roughly pushed her against the refrigerator, face first. He got as close to her as he could, pressing his groin into her butt, and ran his tongue up and down her neck, while his hands cupped her breasts. They both breathed heavily, and his tongue started playing with her earlobes, while his fingers explored her torso, wandered downwards, and tried to slip into her tight waistband. Then, suddenly, he pulled away. Jane turned around and looked at him inquiringly. She had fully expected his greeting to escalate further, like it usually did. But apparently he intended to go by the book this time.

“That's enough pleasantries. Time for your inspection. Assume the position, please.” She stood at ease, arms behind her back, legs shoulder width apart. Her breasts glistened in the light. He first palpated her abdomen. Pulled in tight, flat, and rock-hard. Just like it was supposed to be.

He ran his hands up and down her inner thighs, over her butt, her crotch, and between her legs. He was feeling her up, under the pretext of a continence inspection. Of course she was dry! The thin moisture sense wire, woven in between the cotton fibers of her jeans, would have detected a leak and triggered an alarm long before he could have noticed anything. But carrying out the inspection with utmost attention to detail was his right and duty as a bladder master. Jane had no say in this matter, anyway. When he ran his finger over her most interesting place for the third time, he could feel her lips contract through the light denim, clenching to control her urge. This was enough. He was only a man. He had to have her, now!

He retrieved the small key from his kitchen cabinet, almost dropped it into the sink. Her belt buckle lock was a marvel of modern engineering. A combination of electronic and mechanical features, virtually unpickable, and resistant to anything short of an angle grinder. But he had the key. It clicked three times, then he yanked the belt out of the loops and threw it across the room. Jane didn't move, her arms still behind her back. He fumbled with the button, then the zipper, then he pulled on her jeans, but they wouldn't budge in this position. Wait, why was he making his life so difficult? “Jane, please remove your trousers. I want to inspect you dryness more closely.” That was, of course, well within his rights.

Even Jane had a bit of trouble pulling down her pants. They were tight on her hips, and the seam had buried itself deeply into her butt crack. The stiffness of her legs didn't help either, and her shoes now had to come off, too. She wiggled out of the garment, carefully peeled the fabric from her left leg, stepped out of it, then the right leg. Focus and don't lose it. Don't acknowledge your pain. Fresh air was hitting her lower body. Her genitals breathed for the first time in days. She put the jeans away to one side and stood in front of Richard, naked.

He only allowed himself to admire her neat hairless pussy for a second or two. Then the regular inspection routine was over. Jane felt herself grabbed around her small waist and heaved onto the kitchen table. She flinched, the tabletop was remarkably cold against her back. Richard intended to make her forget the cold. He maneuvered her butt just to the edge of the table, with her legs dangling in the air. Than he suddenly disappeared out of her field of view. He re-emerged seconds later, without pants. His sizable erection pointed at her slit, like a missile he was about to fire at her.

He tore a ribbed condom out of its wrapper and nonchalantly pulled it over his penis, in one swift motion, owing to years of practice. He ran his dick across Jane's labia. Then he very carefully put just the tip past her outer lips, and again dragged down the length of her genitals. With a bit of pressure, he touched the bulb of her clitoris, the sensitive tissue just below it, her vibrating urethral opening, then arrived at her vagina. She shuddered. It was all the teasing he could muster. He finally wanted to make her his. He pinned Jane to the table with both his hands on her ribcage. The angle was just right.

He pushed his rock-hard member into her, all the way to the hilt, then remained still for a moment, to appreciate her tightness. She was unbelievably tight. Her swollen bladder seemed to take up all the space there was in her lite body, leaving virtually no room for him. Her muscles clenched down on his manhood from all directions with mighty force. And there was the rhythmic pulsing that kept squeezing him, to an almost painful degree. Her entire lower section contracted with every beat of her heart, in the desperate attempt to keep in multiple days of pee. Like Kegel exercises on steroids. It was incredible how good that felt. He had always liked them bursting. Even as a teenager, making his first sexual experiences, he had known that the longer girls had stayed away from the toilet, the better they were in the sack.

He pulled back, then thrusted forward. Even with the lubricated condom, and her getting wetter and wetter with every second, it was remarkably difficult to slide down her love canal. So tight, so tense, holding everything shut with every bit of strength she got. He picked up momentum now, started to screw her with force. Her legs, wrapped around his back, followed his rhythm, pulled him in with every thrust.

Jane didn't have quite as much fun. The sex was good, but extremely physically demanding. With her legs spread wide apart, her sphincter tried to give in, and she squeezed it shut with iron discipline. Her abs were tired, her bladder was on fire, and worst of all, she was enjoying it way too much. Richard's penis lightly brushed against her G-spot on each stroke, which drove her crazy. She knew if she had an orgasm, she would lose it and piss all over his table. And his groin. 'Do not come, do not come... oh god!' She wanted to lay back, close her eyes, and focus on holding both her pee and her lust under control. She didn't, because she couldn't trust him not to try anything stupid. And sure enough, about ten minutes in, he took his right from her torso and reached for her clitoris. She slapped the hand away. If he touched her there, everything would be over. He seemed to get the message and didn't try again. He just kept on pounding.

Every time he was about to come, he slowed down his pace, seeking to prolong his pleasure and her torment. After forty-five minutes of torture, he couldn't take it anymore, and picked up more and more speed, slammed her hard, again and again, his penis painfully stabbing her bladder. There was nothing gentle about it, just raw, animalistic fucking. She wanted to cry, but she also wanted to come.

Then it was over. He shot his load, grunted, and collapsed on top of her, his dick still buried deep within. Just for a split second, he balanced his weight on her bladder. She shrieked, then covered her mouth with her hands. To show her weakness in front of him, stupid, stupid girl!

“What was that?”

“Nothing, I just... it was nothing!”

“Nothing. I see.” He pulled out and stepped away, holding the condom in place on his shriveling genitals with one hand. “Assume a proper posture, would you please?” She staggered to her legs and again stood at the inspection position, still stark naked. “You stay right there, while I get cleaned up.”

He left her standing in the kitchen, disappearing to the left, where she knew his bathroom was. He left the door ajar. She heard a metallic sound, probably the lid of a trash can, as he threw away the condom. Running water. Then suddenly... oh please no, splattering noises, he was peeing standing up. Peeing, piss.ing, urinating, relieving himself! Utter sadism. Jane bent double, her hands jammed in her crotch, holding in an ocean, just millimeters from the open air between her thighs. Just for a few seconds, just until he stopped peeing. Oh god, please...

When Richard came back into the room, wearing pants, he found Jane with nearly perfect posture, legs apart, calm and collected. Except for her thighs, which she couldn't stop from trembling. And the bulge was protruding a bit, as she could not pull it back in all the way anymore. There is a limit for everything. She knew that if he was in a particular strict mood, this could seal her fate right there. He did not discipline her. Instead, he kissed her on the forehead, took a step back, and gently ran his fingers down her cheek. “Don't worry, Babygirl. You know I love you.”

She smiled. “I know. I love you, too.” That was a boldfaced lie. But it came over her lips quite easily. What was a girl supposed to do? With her bladder master on her side, instead of against her, life was going to be a whole lot more comfortable.

He had fallen for her completely. She had played him just right. Jane had already noticed his strange behavior when he performed her first inspection as her newly-assigned bladder master, to replace her old parole officer. His touches had been chaste, his voice shy, his behavior far to correct. In the following weeks, a picture had started to form. He had not tried to take sexual advantage of her. It was an open secret that nearly every Bad Girl was sleeping with her bladder master.

Of course, they didn't have to grant sexual favors by law, but the threat of never being allowed to piss again, and the authority to actually follow through with that threat, opens a lot of legs. Unchecked power tends to do that. Richard had not tried to coax her into anything, even though it was obvious she turned him on. Especially when she was bursting, which was all the time. He had gotten more and more formal, stuck to all his rules and regulations. And he blushed when she smiled at her. A major crush. After the realization had sunk in, the rest had been easy. He was a man, and men are simple.

It was Seduction 101. She tried different clothes, experimented with makeup, found out what he liked. A little basic flirting. She twirled her hair around her fingers often. Smiled a lot. Was nice to him. Struck up innocent conversations about his past. Learned that already in his late thirties, he had have a plethora of sexual partners, but never a meaningful relationship. He was craving intimacy, quite clearly. Then, one night, after the sight of her desperate piss-filled body at the inspection had left him again with a massive boner, she jumped him. Initiated sexual contact, actively, aggressively.

He didn't resist. Quite the contrary, once the ice was broken, he had taken the lead, as a complete dominant. He was calling the shots now. At least he thought he did. Jane didn't mind. In a way, it was to be expected. The voluntary position of Bladder Master attracted a certain personality type. She only had to modify her behavior slightly to appease this side of him. A coy look here and there, a lot of submissive 'yes, sir', and 'thank you, sir', and occasionally even 'yes, daddy'. Nothing that was unusual in a situation with such an awfully one-sided power balance anyway. She had him exactly where she wanted. He had swallowed her bait whole. Hook, line, and sinker. Who was taking advantage of whom now? This was going to make so many things so much easier.

Richard glanced at his watch. “19:55. Almost time.” He pulled a plastic card from his pocket and handed it to Jane. “Your Bathroom Pass, Honey. Please step in here”.

He opened the bathroom door. The light came on automatically, to reveal a sink, a shower, and the only toilet available to Jane in the world. Her bladder buzzed with anticipation. She whimpered.

“Now, now, easy there, Babygirl. Don't get too existed. It's still not eight. Please put your pass into the reader.” The black box swallowed the card. A warning buzzer sounded. The display read 'OUTSIDE OF SCHEDULE'. The lid remained firmly shut. That was to be expected.

“Okay, we are just about there. When your time comes, you've got five minutes to void. That includes the time used to obtain permission.”

“Five minutes will be... plenty long enough.” Her words came pressed.

“Oh, will it? Let's make it four then.” he said with a grin.

Time had never passed so slowly for poor Jane. Every second was an hour, every minute seemed to draw into eternity. Her entire universe seemed to consist of nothing but her bloated hollow organ, and the plumbing fixture in front of her.

20:00 rolled around. The reader beeped twice. The toilet had accepted her bathroom pass as valid, and the lid swung open. Jane stared at the marvelous machine. A lovely aquamarine seat, and below it, the bowl in all its porcelain glory. So close. She almost lost it right there.

She swallowed, then focused to give her voice a formal tone. “Sir, it is time for my scheduled toilet break. May I please take this urination?” Richard nodded. “Yes, you may.”

Jane didn't need to be told twice. She didn't sit down on the toilet, she threw herself at it. As soon as her buttom touched the blue plastic, her tired sphincter gave way. A few first drops hit the water. Then there was a trickle. Then a stream. Then a fire hose. Then Niagara Falls. She unleashed a flood. Four days of pent-up liquid and frustration broke way.

Jane let out a deep moan, as her body relaxed completely for the first time in days. She bit her lower lip. The feeling intensified. Her eyes rolled back into her head in total bliss. She shivered from the relief. Her entire lower body vibrated from the turbulence of liters of boiling hot piss shooting out of her urethra with incredible force. Her sphincter didn't hurt anymore, and the pulsing in her bladder was now almost enjoyable. The pressure didn't seem to come down, if anything her stream got even more violent. She had released a gushing torrent of pure joy. The pleasure became unbearable, she was extremely sexually aroused. Without any regards to Richard watching, her right hand found her swollen clitoris. All it took was a quick flick off the thumb, to send her over the edge. A mind-shattering orgasm ripped through her. The orgasm she had to deny herself just minutes earlier. Gone was any conscious thought. An intelligent young woman, suddenly reduced to mere animal instincts.

There was only relief, and moaning, and piss.ing. She was in absolute heaven. Her fingers developed a life of their own, rubbing and prodding, and she immediately hit her next climax. Then another one. The intensity of the sensations rippling through her body almost threw her off the throne, she barely managed to keep her bottom on the seat. The convulsions of her muscles weren't even making a dent in the downpour. Piss was spraying in random directions when her fingers, still playing with her little special spot, inadvertently interrupted the stream. After almost two minutes of pure ecstasy, her racing heart started to slow down, her arousal faded away, and she slouched on the seat in exhaustion. But she was still peeing forcefully. She just hung there and let it happen. Well into the third minute, her stream began to slowly subside, then trickled off. She was spent.

“Your time is up!”

“Huh?”

“Four minutes are over, Jane. Get up!”

Her legs were made from jelly, and her surroundings were clouded in fog. Richard had to help her stand, then hold her steady to stop her from swaying back and forth. Her circulation needed a few seconds to catch up with the demand for oxygen in her brain. Nothing that was supposed to happen to a young athlete at peak physical condition. Everything was numb.

A single droplet of urine still glistened on her pussy. When Richard was sure she wouldn't fall over, he carefully let go of her, got on his knees, and gently kissed the drop away. It didn't feel half bad. He looked up to her, smiling. “Hot shower, and then to bed?”

“That sounds lovely.”

The shower was indeed hot, almost scolding. It was a nice change of pace from the sponge baths she had have to take all week. Jane didn't bother with shampoo or any other products, despite the row of bottles lined up on the shelf. She stood there and let the hot water beat down on her. He tried his hands at massaging her necks and shoulders, and was quite decent at it. Richard's shower was one of those fancy modern ones, so when he turned off the water, a warm stream of air flowed around the two, drying them off. It left Jane's hair in a mess, but she couldn't even pretend to care. The way to the bedroom seemed a mile long. The room was dark, but she had been in Richards bed often enough to find it with her eyes closed.

She slipped under the sheets, and Richard came after her, working himself into a spooning position, wrapping his arms around her and resting his hands on her breasts. The bed was all soft, and warm, and incredibly comfortable, and she was so tired and so fully relaxed. It took only seconds before her thoughts started to become less and less coherent, and she drifted off into the dark nothingness of sleep.

Richard awoke with a tight little butt pressed firmly into his groin. Was there a better way? He lay there, enjoying her warm body for a few minutes, before she started to stir. He softly kissed the back of her neck. “Good morning, Babygirl. How was your night?”

She was starting to take a liking to him Babygirling her. As silly as a name that was for a well-educated, independent woman, he spoke it with so much love and affection, it almost made her forgot their relationship was build on a lie. Not that she would have objected, anyway.

He inquisitively pushed on her bladder. It put up a little resistance.

“Mhhhh.”

“Stop making inappropriate noises, silly girl. What's the status?”

“There's a little in there from the night. Not much. Almost empty”

“That's good. Let's get up and have some breakfast, shall we? You don't want to fall behind on your hydration regime.”

Breakfast consisted of a fruit mix nutrient solution for Jane, washed down with the prescribed amount of water. Richard didn't eat anything. He sat opposite her, holding a mug of coffee, watching her, smiling. Jane didn't want to raise the topic of her evaluation herself. He had to address it sooner or later.

When she was in the bathroom, brushing her teeth, Jane realized she had left her bathroom pass in the reader. She retrieved it and held it out to Richard, who had entered the room behind her. He reached for the card, but instead of taking it from her hand, he closed her fingers around it. “Keep it.”

“Pardon me?”

“I want you to keep it. You are going to need it, soon.”

“I... uh... okay.” Richard nodded. “I think it's time to talk about the results of your evaluation.”

They didn't right away. Richard set up his laptop on the kitchen table. Then three binders with papers followed. Then he gestured Jane to take a seat, sat down himself, cleared his throat. He appeared like a bureaucrat now. More a representative of the urinary justice system, then an average human being.

“This is the final interview and communication of previous review results, according to article 82 of the Female Urination and Licensing Act. This will conclude the evaluation of Jane Elvey, Bad Girl and registered Troublemaker, Citizen's ID Number F-91-02-84-17-A. Can you confirm that you are the aforementioned individual?”

“Yes, I am.”

“That is sufficient, as the woman in question is personally known to the reviewer. Intimately, in fact.” Jane faked a shy little smile and coy look. It was pretty convincing.

“Over the last six months...” His voice droned on, observations, facts and opinions, evaluation and recommendation. Jane usually wasn't overly emotional. She thought of herself as rational and tough. After two minutes, she couldn't believe her luck. After five minutes, she was fighting tears. After ten minutes, she was sobbing at his shoulder, unable to contain her joy. He was stroking her hair, talking softly. “It's okay, Babygirl. You fought hard for this. I doubt there has ever been a parolee with your level of determination. You deserve it.”

Jane hadn't cried for too long. Weeping like a little child wasn't really her style. She felt almost embarrassed for her outburst. Then again, it did fit into the framework of the submissive persona she was presenting to Richard. After breaking the good news to her, he didn't have much more to say. He sipped his coffee and waited for her to regain composure. After she had wiped away her tears, he nodded. “This concludes the final interview and the evaluation. Listen, I don't mean to rush you, but I think we both have work to do. Let's get you dressed, okay?”

Richard retrieved a suitcase. He kept a change of clothes for her at hand. Well, not exactly 'a change of clothes'. More like 'half her wardrobe'. Certified clothing with build-in moisture sensors had become mandatory for every Bad Girl under the control of a court-assigned bladder master. These garments were available in a variety of different styles, makes, and models, which they needed to be, since women governed by the continence mandate were not supposed to adapt their clothing to accommodate their swelling bladder. Thanks to economy of scale, all this weren't terrible expensive either, which was good, since the clothes had to be provided with the woman's own money.

Jane had never been fond of skirts. The selection consisted almost exclusively of jeans, shorts, and various types of pants. Not only pants that were supposed to be held on by high-tech belts, but also clothing that locked on its own. He knew she did her run and the rest of her weekly workout routine during her shorter, three-day holding period, so he dug into her sportswear.

He picked a pair of running tights, a tat bit thinner and more form-fitting even than usual yoga pants. He liked how her legs looked in these. Of course he did. Once her shapely butt was safely encased in the stretchy fabric, he engaged the lock in the reinforced waistband. This simple act made his penis stir. After she had slipped a black T-shirt over her braless chest, he directed her out of the house. She had expected a peck on the forehead like usual, but instead he bid her farewell by smacking her behind with the flat of his hand. Hard. A loud snap, like the crack of a whip, accompanied by a delightful squeal out of her mouth. Her muscular buttocks didn't jiggle one bit. He grinned as he shut the door.

*008*2017-02-25 21:50

Does the forum software seriously correct "piss.ing" to "wetting"?

What the...? That's not what I wrote!

- edited: Okay, I fixed it. I cannot imagine that was Kirito's idea. Probably a swear filter already built into the forum software.

*010*2017-02-26 19:04

{{18 hours ago, phoenix80803 said:

Thanks @randomkath

, this is a good story and please do continue. Maybe a suggestion for next chapter? Perhaps a schoolgirl, (middle/high school) being punished? Thanks.

}}

Middle school is too young for my tastes. I draw the line at age of consent, or thereabout.

But if you want to read about a woman in her 20s being severely punished, that's what you'll get.

*013*2017-02-28 00:15

"Girl" is an okay term for any female below 30 in my book. The age of consent is 16 in most places, which is fairly reasonable.

Regardless of age, I don't have any school stories on my agenda right now.

Instead, poor Jane is going to find herself in a bit of a pickle, soon. Evil punishment and bladder torture? Sure. :)

*015*2017-03-02 17:02

Jeffery, thank you, you just removed all my doubts about needing more exposition

I actually have been working on an update that is almost no desperation, all exposition, but it will only come once the Jane arc is dealt with. It will shine a light on some aspect of this universe and explain a few of the terms thrown around. The current storyline needs to be finished first, but this will be a thing.

The easy answer to "what on earth is going on here" is: I am obsessed with female desperation, and this story is my personal fantasy, taken to its logical extreme. Why are things the way they are? Because I get off writing about it.

That being said, I'm not going to use such an easy way out. The whole premise I have thought up doesn't even make sense objectively, but it does make sense to those in power in this universe, making the whole thing internally consistent.

Okay, back to writing.
