A Busy Tavern Night - A DanMachi Story Ft. Syr

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2025-05-10 17:58

Another comm! This one is just a simple DanMachi story featuring Syr and Ryuu at the Hostess on a busy night, horribly understaffed for the night crowd. Worse still, the bathroom breaks halfway through, leaving Syr no option but to hold out until the end of her shift. Doesn't spoil anything past Season One of the Anime. Hope you enjoy!

A Busy Tavern Night

Evening was quickly falling upon Orario, and for the waitresses and workers at the Hostess of Fertility, that meant that things were about to get busy. Syr let out a light sigh as she gazed at the sunset, using up the last of the quiet before the evening rush to slack off and catch her breath. Normally the time between midday when the towns-goers and merchants would eat their biggest meal, and the evenings when the adventurers would return from the dungeon half-starved and ready to drink was relatively quiet, and Syr could take it easy. Today, however, the tavern was particularly under-staffed. Chloe and Lunoire had scheduled days off today, and Anya had fallen ill. Well meaning as the latter was she had come in anyway, only for Mia to order her to take the day off and get some rest.

That left Syr and Ryuu to pick up the slack, and between serving patrons and washing dishes, the two had their hands full even during the downtime. Actually, that was part of the reason Syr was outside staring at the sunset in the first place. She hoped she could spot sight of Bell and rope him into helping out, as well as just wanting to see him.

“Hey Syr! Quick slacking and get back in here, we gotta prepare for the evening rush!” Mia called out.

“Alas, it’s not to be,” Syr sighed to herself, gazing one last time longingly down the street in hopes of a last minute save.

Syr went back inside and spotted Ryuu diligently cleaning the tables. Even Mia herself was busy helping out with the dishes and mugs. Syr herself headed over to start prepping the taps for the barrels of wine, ales, and meads that would no doubt be flowing all night once the adventurers started piling in.

Once she was done, she began looking around for anything else to do, when Mia poked her head out of the kitchen, “Hey Syr, would you mind making sure the restrooms are clean?”

“Sure thing,” Syr nodded.

Cleaning the restrooms was never a glamorous affair, but it was necessary. Syr grabbed some cleaning supplies and a bucket and headed in to the ladies’ room first. Luckily it was relatively clean, though she did notice a small puddle near the toilets. Disgusted at first, she soon realized it was water. She checked to make sure there weren’t any leaks in the cistern and made sure it wasn’t backed up. Luckily everything seemed okay.

Afterwards, she moved to the men’s room. Even though she had gotten used to cleaning the men’s room, there was always a sense of innate naughtiness whenever she went inside that brought a blush to her cheeks. It didn’t help that in addition to the regular toilet, there was a trench with drains that allowed men to relieve themselves standing up, something a woman like herself would never use.

After cleaning the men’s room as well, Syr noticed just the faintest twinge of urge from her bladder. It was hardly an urge, and she really had to focus to feel it, but perhaps it would be prudent of her to empty herself out fully in anticipation of the rush, just to be safe.

Syr exited the men’s room with the intention of doing just that, but before she could, the first few customers walked through the door. There was a lone man in armor with a bandaged arm who looked like he had seen better days in the dungeon, and a party of three who didn’t strike Syr as adventurers, but tradesmen coming in after a long day’s work. It seemed like that precautionary bathroom trip would have to wait.

Ryuu had already approached the group of three, so Syr walked over to where the wounded adventurer sat and greeted him with a smile.

“How may I help you today?”

The adventurer poured over their menu and pulled out a paltry handful of Valis. After clearly doing some calculations in his head, the adventurer sighed and said “A bowl of beef stew, a baked potato, and a pint of your cheapest ale.”

Syr nodded, jotting down his order, “Right away!”

She passed the order to Mia, who passed the food order along to the kitchen while Syr headed over to the taps. She grabbed a pint-sized flagon and began to fill it. As she did, the sound elicited another slight twinge from her bladder, and she glanced over at the restrooms. She barely had to go right now, but knowing the rush that was coming, and the fact that she was unlikely to get a break anytime soon, did worry her a little. Still, the urge was barely there, and she was able to push it to the back of her mind as she finished filling the man’s mug. She delivered it to him immediately and let him know his food would be right out.

Just as soon as she had served it to him, a group of five adventurers piled into the bar. They all looked to be in better spirits than the solo adventurer, laughing and cheering. Syr noticed many of them had coin purses burdened with abundance. With Ryuu’s hands full with her table of three, Syr waited for the five to be seated before approaching.

“You all seem to be in great spirits, how may I help you today?”

“Haha, you got that right!” A large man with a long sword flashed a toothy grin, “We took down some high-level targets, and got some great loot! We’re ready to feast like kings.”

A rather gloomy looking girl with a frilly all-black dress and dark circles under her eyes elbowed him in the side, “Don’t act so cocky. We would’ve been goners if that high-level party hadn’t run into us on the way back. We lucked out hard.”

“Oh, don’t be like that, Sheylia,” a rogue carrying two short curved blades at his hips crossed his arms, “We only got swarmed because some rookie party left those monster lures when they dropped their supplies and ran.”

“Let’s just order, I’m starving,”

“Right!”

The party looked over the menu, and Syr was able to talk them into ordering a number of expensive dishes. Seafood pasta, seared meats and roasted vegetables of all varieties, fried potatoes, and a round of the tavern’s finest mead. In the end, she walked away from the table with a sizable order that would no doubt make Mia proud of her.

As she passed the order on to Mia, the solo adventurer’s food was ready. She took it up on a tray and delivered it to him. He thanked her and immediately began scarfing it down, clearly hungry.

She would’ve asked him more, but just then another two patrons walked in, followed by another party of four. Ryuu swooped in to help the party of four, so Syr made a mental note to help the party of two once she got her current party their drinks.

Another stop at the tap, this time filling up five pints, and again Syr noticed the nagging in her bladder. Still, it seemed like the dinner rush was in full swing and she wouldn’t get a chance to go anytime soon. She tried to recall when the last time she went was. It must’ve been after lunch at some point, but the day had been so busy she really couldn’t recall.

The thought, more than the actual sensation of her bladder, nagged at the back of her mind, but she didn’t have time to worry about that now. As another party walked in, it was crunch time, and the night was only liable to get more hectic as more and more parties came back from the day’s escapades.

Syr delivered the pints to her table of five and then turned to the table of two, taking their order. Back to the taps. Another group walked in, and she took their order as well. The food for her table of five was finally ready, so she grabbed multiple trays. She still had to make multiple trips. Another trip to the taps. The solo adventurer with the broken arm paid and left. Ryuu’s group ordered another round of ale. Another group walked in, but Ryuu had that one. Then another solo adventurer, Syr’s customer. Her party of five wanted another round. Another trip to the taps.

The evening carried on like that for quite some time, with adventurers coming in, Syr and Ryuu doing their best to serve them all in a fair and timely fashion, and content adventurers leaving with full bellies. There was something oddly satisfying about it, almost dance-like, but it really was too hectic for Syr’s tastes. Not to mention all the while she could feel her bladder slowly but steadily filling.

In fact, it was at one point when Syr was back at the taps, once again filling flagons with mead and ale, that she felt the first real signal. It was a sudden urge that came on quickly, made all the worse by the sound of the flowing liquid. Syr squeezed her thighs together tightly as she stood, trying to push the feeling down. She managed after a few moments, but it still lingered as she walked the drinks to the customers.

Once she had set them down, she allowed herself a small shuffle and tried to gauge her bladder’s fullness. It wasn’t urgently full, but if she just focused on it a little bit she could tell she needed to pee. Syr glanced towards the restrooms hesitantly for a brief second before another group of adventurers walked in. Regardless of her own needs, there were patrons to be served and things to be done. As busy as the pub was currently, she couldn’t afford to take a break and leave Ryuu and Mia all the work.

“Hey! Waiting on drinks here!” A couple of rowdy adventurers called out.

“Be patient,” Ryuu glared at him, “We’re a bit understaffed tonight, so wait your turn.”

The adventurers were smarter than most, picking up on Ryuu’s fierce aura and quieting down. Still, the outburst had caught Syr’s attention, and she glanced over Ryuu while she was waiting on her current patrons to decide what they wanted. The elf looked uncharacteristically tired, or perhaps uncomfortable. While she went to fill the rowdy table’s drink order, Syr could’ve sworn she caught sight of her squirming in place. Though perhaps she was just shifting her weight onto her less tired foot. Syr’s own growing concern over her bladder was causing her to project.

Tired or uncomfortable, either way Syr didn’t want to slack off and force Ryuu to pick up her slack. She took her current table’s orders and immediately went to fetch them drinks.

Thankfully, as the evening wore on, it seemed like more customers were leaving the bar than entering, and the ones that were showing up were ordering less food and more drinks. Syr was wondering if she’d get some downtime to go to the restroom soon. She was certainly starting to feel like she needed it. Her bladder was filling up, and all the running around from the hot kitchens to the full tavern meant she had to drink the occasional cup of water to stay hydrated. It was really starting to add up.

Not to mention the taps. Every time Syr had to fill a customer’s drink, the sound of the stream filling up the large mugs caused her bladder to nag her in protest, reminding her that it too was filling up with golden liquid. She would stand with her thighs pressed tightly together, occasionally rubbing her knees as she tried to ignore the sensation.

“Here you go,” she placed the most recent refill in front of a couple of adventurers sitting at the bar proper. The sloshing the drinks made gave her pause, and she cast a longing glance back towards the pub’s restrooms. Customers were free to shuffle in and out as they pleased, but she herself had to put up with it until the place was quiet enough to justify a break.

“Thanks, miss,” a large, gruff chienthrope with heavy armor grinned.

“Busy night tonight, huh?” His buddy, a lithe, thin-framed mage with glasses glanced around. Even with the thinning patrons, the bar was still bustling, and no doubt they had noticed Syr and Ryuu rushing around.

“Due to some unfortunate circumstances, we’re a bit understaffed tonight,” Syr noted.

“Oh dear,” the mage mused, “That might become a problem. There’s gonna be a second wave of adventurers coming sooner or later.”

Syr’s heart dropped hearing that, and her bladder immediately protested. She shuffled in place as she glanced at him worriedly.

“Why’s that?”

“Well, apparently a big expedition party is supposed to be coming back up tonight. They were supposed to be up already, but they got held up by one of the floor bosses respawning,” the large warrior mused.

“A bunch of adventurers were already saved by them on the way back up, apparently. That’s how we heard of it.”

“Hey hey,” a separate patron, a lone man on the bar, already clearly intoxicated, leaned over, “Are you talking about that high-level party headed by the Nyx Familia?”

“Something like that.”

The three then struck up a conversation about the dungeon, and Syr glanced back at the restrooms even more worried. Of course, there was no guarantee the party would come to the Hostess of Fertility specifically, but with any big party coming back up there were always wounded stragglers, and other tagalongs either joining up to reach the surface or following closely behind. The slight blessing was that the guild was likely closed by now, so it wasn’t like there would be droves looking to exchange their newfound riches for meat and mead, but that didn’t mean there wouldn’t be another late-night rush.

The thought of it definitely worried Syr, especially with her filling bladder. Things were slowing down now, but there were still too many patrons for Syr to conveniently slip off to relieve herself just yet. If the pub didn’t give her the downtime to slip off to the restrooms before they got swamped again, she’d potentially have to hold it until closing.

That was hours away, and with how much nagging her bladder was already doing, Syr wasn’t sure she could manage to wait that long.

Rubbing her knees together, Syr turned her attention back to the patrons, continuing to serve food and drink, all the while anxiously keeping track of the current patrons and worrying about the potential incoming influx.

Finally, however, things seemed to slow down just enough to give them a bit of breathing room. There were still plenty of patrons and bar-goers, but most were happily drunk and content to drink and chat without any sense of urgency.

Now’s my chance, this is as good of a time as any.

Syr placed her hand on her abdomen and felt her filling bladder. It was definitely noticeable. Perhaps just shy of full, but she didn’t want to miss her chance to finally relieve herself. She was about to turn to look for Ryuu, when Ryuu came walking, or perhaps more accurately shuffling, over to her.

Syr had never seen Ryuu look so uncomfortable. She maintained a stoic face, but she lacked the cool and calm demeanor she usually had. She was shuffling from foot to foot, sweat beading on her forehead. She held her whole body stiffly, and she was bent forwards awkwardly.

“Syr, I hate to impose, but,” Ryuu looked down, “Could you take over my duties? Even I have my limits. I need a trip to the restroom. Urgently.”

For Ryuu to admit to that so openly and bluntly meant that she really must be at her limit. Syr could tell too. Beneath her thin veil of poise, Ryuu was about ready to burst out into a full on pee dance.

Although her maid uniform hid it well, Ryuu’s bladder was actually bulging out. Her undergarments were near-soaked, and even as she stood there, waiting for Syr’s response, she leaked again. She really was at her limit.

For as much as Syr wanted to pee herself, she could tell Ryuu desperately needed it more. Syr wasn’t about to rob that of her coworker, especially since the consequences would likely mean a puddle to clean, and Ryuu out of commission until she could clean herself up. With any luck, the lull would last long enough for both of them to use the restroom, but Ryuu would definitely need to go first.

“Go on, I’ll keep watch,” Syr nodded.

“Thank you.”

With the speed of her adventurer days, Ryuu dashed off towards the restrooms. Despite knowing letting her go first was the right call, Syr couldn’t help but still feel a twinge of jealousy as her own bladder once again sent a wave of urgency through her abdomen. She squeezed her thighs together and began tending to the patrons, now having to take care of Ryuu’s guests too, temporarily.

Waiting the whole pub by herself, even though it had slowed down, was still hectic, and Syr anxiously waited for Ryuu to emerge from the restrooms refreshed. A few more adventurers also came in while she was waiting, and each time the door opened Syr was concerned it would be the start of the second wave that was threatening to show up any minute now.

All of this did her bladder no favors. She had been so ready to slip off to the restroom before that the anticipation had only heightened her needs. As she stood at the taps, filling up flagon after flagon of drink for her thirsty customers, Syr found herself shuffling as her bladder urged for relief. It was full by now, and Syr would really need a break before the rush.

Thankfully, a few moments later, as she was setting the drinks down at a table of already drunk adventurers, she spotted Ryuu emerge from the bathroom, looking drastically more comfortable. She was back to her old, composed self, walking with poise and purpose as she immediately picked back up where she left off.

Syr was elated, and was about to ask her to cover while she finally went to the restrooms, when a large group of 8 adventurers piled in. Syr panicked. The second wave of adventurers had begun.

“Yo!” A catgirl wearing light armor and not much else, with two swords crossed over her back, called out, “You got room for 8? We would’ve made a reservation, but we had no idea when we’d make it back from the expedition.”

Syr and Ryuu both turned to Mia, deferring to her on the decision. Mia counted tables and heads, then cast her overworked waitresses an apologetic glance.

“Sure thing! You lucked out, we can just barely accommodate you.”

“Great! Thanks!”

A girl in a purple cloak and a large witch hat elbowed the catgirl in the side, “Be more polite, we’re the ones imposing here.”

“Tch, I know, I know!”

The two bowed gratefully, and the whole party took their seats.

While Syr and Ryuu were back near the counter, Mia tightened an apron and grabbed a notepad for orders.

“Don’t worry, girls, I won’t leave you high and dry, I’m stepping into the fray.”

Syr was grateful for Mia’s help with waiting tables, and she briefly considered taking this time to ask to be excused to use the restroom. Of course, no matter how much she or her bladder wanted to, she knew it would be inopportune to ask to go right after such a large group came in. Not to mention as some of the drunk stragglers from the first wave started to leave, other fresh, hungry patrons from the second started coming in as well.

Syr felt her bladder spasm in protest and she took a brief moment to rub her knees together. She placed a hand on her abdomen and could feel her full bladder just starting to bulge out, but she’d just have to hold it.

“Syr,” Ryuu came over to her, “Let’s split the large party in half. We’ll save the other new group to Mia, and focus on waiting on anyone else who comes in while we’re waiting on the food to be prepared.”

“Right,” Syr nodded nervously.

Syr went over to the table where the catgirl warrior and the witch, along with a thin elf in a dark cloak and a large, buff man with a sword and large shield sat.

“How may I help you tonight?” Syr asked, trying not to look too stiff and fidgety as she squeezed her thighs together.

“Ah, let’s see,” the witch looked over the menu, “Hey, Twin Fangs, you’re paying for me tonight, right? Since you lost our bet?”

“Huh?” The catgirl asked, “First of all, I didn’t lose the bet. I took down that firebird single-handedly! Second of all, I thought I told you to quit callin’ me Twin Fangs!”

“Oho? But isn’t that the title you were so proud of just before this expedition? You were bragging about it the whole time we were making preparations.”

“That’s not-!” the catgirl blushed, “Would it kill you to call me by my actual name, Menphe?”

“What would you do if I said yes?” the witch, who was apparently named Menphe, gave a sly smile, “Anyway, you still lost because I had to save you.”

“You only had to save me because I wasn’t expecting to get jumped by three lizardmen right after landing.”

While the two bickered, Syr could feel her bladder continuing to protest, made all the worse by the fact that she was just standing there, trying not to shuffle too much. It was worse than walking, and she didn’t have anything else to focus on.

“Hey, Menphe, Layna, you’re holding up our dear waitress here,” the big guy with the shield chimed in.

“Ah, sorry!”

The table placed a rather large order of meats, potatoes, and seafood, with a sad side order of vegetables tacked on at the end. They also ordered a round of the finest ale they had.

Syr passed the food order onto the kitchens and began working on their drinks. She had been to the taps many times that night, but now that her bladder was properly full, filling up the flagons was torture. She stood there, trying not to squirm, bending forwards slightly as she tried to drown out the sound of the flowing tap with anything that wasn’t liquidy.

By the time she was done, she needed a moment to compose herself before returning to the table and delivering the ale. Of course, there was no downtime for her. There were more adventurers to wait on, more flagons to fill, and food to deliver.

As the night grew on, more adventurers trickled in, even as old ones left, and Syr could hardly get a moment to catch her breath. Her full bladder was starting to make things difficult. Walking sent little shockwaves up to her abdomen. Standing in place at tables while trying not to squirm was becoming harder and harder. She wondered if Ryuu had felt like this just before finally relieving herself. If worse came to worse, she might have to ask her to return the favor.

At the taps again, Syr was trying not to dance in place, when suddenly a lady adventurer came out of the restrooms. She spotted Syr and flagged her down.

“Excuse me, miss? I think there might be something wrong with the ladies’ room.”

Syr was at first worried, but then she realized this was her chance. She could tell Mia she was checking on the restrooms, and in the process relieve herself. It was a bit sly, but she was really starting to grow desperate.

After delivering her current pints to their table, Syr flagged Mia down.

“Someone said there might be some issues with the restrooms, I’m going to check it out.”

“Okay, sounds good.”

Syr let out a sigh and her bladder spasmed in anticipation as she rushed off. Hopefully it was just a spill she could clean up easily after she had finally peed.

Of course, Syr wasn’t going to be that lucky. As soon as she entered the female restroom, she could tell the cistern had totally flooded. The culprit seemed to be the water crystal used for washing the waste down the drain had cracked and started overflowing. It wasn’t going to be an easy fix, and as it was now the toilet would be out of commission. Not to mention the whole floor was practically flooded.

Syr’s heart dropped. With the toilet not working, her options had just shriveled up. She’d have to leave the Hostess of Fertility entirely to find a restroom, which would take a lot longer, especially considering most public facilities were closed by this hour. Before it would’ve been trivial to ask Ryuu to cover for her for a few minutes, even if it was still busy, but now she’d have to wait for a significant lull in activity.

Syr’s bladder immediately sent her a strong wave of urgency at the thought of holding it that long, and in the privacy of the restroom, Syr allowed herself to hold her crotch and dance around slightly as she tried to regain composure. Still, the truth of the matter was that she was definitely getting desperate, and she wouldn’t be able to pee for a while.

What do I do? This is bad!

Syr shrugged it off. She had a job to do, and she also had to report the situation with the restroom to Mia. She grit her teeth, steeled herself, and stepped back out into the tavern.

“Ah, I see, so we’ll have to close off the ladies’ room,” Mia frowned, “That’s unfortunate, but I guess we can’t help it. I’ll put up a sign.”

With that, Syr returned to waiting on the customers. Ryuu glanced over at her a few times, and Syr wondered if her stiff movements were noticeable. Still, she powered on anyway. Ryuu had also been holding it to bursting when she finally relieved herself, so surely Syr could put up with it for at least an hour or so more.

That's what she thought, but the endless loop of walking, waiting on tables, and having to stand still as she took orders was really starting to get to Syr. Of course, the absolute worst was the taps. Every time Syr had to stand there and watch and listen to the golden liquid pouring freely into the cups, her own bladder urged her to open up her own taps. It was getting to the point where she just couldn’t bring herself to stand still. Everytime she did, she felt like she was seriously going to leak.

Syr’s motions also became stiffer, and she began to slow down. It was just harder to keep up the pace of the hectic pub with her bladder so agonizingly full. It didn’t help that every so often Syr would glance back at the restrooms, thinking about how even if she wanted to, she couldn’t just rush in and let the floodgates open.

“Ah, much better,” Syr heard as Layna returned to her table, looking relieved. She slung her arm around Menphe’s shoulder, though if the witch minded she didn’t say anything

“Why are you so satisfied?” the shield guy asked.

“Ale always goes straight through me! Had to take a leak,” she smiled.

“Don’t be rude,” Menphe elbowed her.

“I thought the ladies’ room was out of order,” another of their party, a warrior wearing a sarashi and an open haori leaned in, “I just checked.”

“Eh, I just used the men’s room. No big deal,” Layna shrugged.

Her fellow party member blushed, “How improper.”

Syr briefly entertained the idea of simply using the men’s room. It was an emergency, after all. Yet she couldn’t quite bring herself to go that far. The trench where men could relieve themselves standing up stood out in her mind. She couldn’t possibly use that.

Still, just because she was resolved not to use such drastic measures didn’t mean that she wasn't in dire need of something, and soon. The crowd had barely thinned and there was no end in sight for down time, but Syr’s bladder simply wasn’t going to wait that long.

As she stood, agonizing at the taps yet again, she was hit with another strong spasm. This time it was too much for her to just fight off by clamping her thighs together and fighting with her bladder muscles. She felt a spurt escape out into her panties. She was nearing her limit.

She fought back control and finished filling her latest order of drinks, practically shuffling with her thighs sliding tightly against each other with each careful step as she maintained as much composure as possible. She delivered the order to the table and shuffled off to the next, all the while her full bladder was only starting to bulge out more.

A few more orders fulfilled, and Syr was at her last legs. She was bursting. If the restrooms had been open, she would’ve begged Ryuu to take over for her. However, with her staunch refusal to resort to the men’s room, and with the ladies’ room out of order for the night, she might have to trek streets away just to find a suitable restroom. She couldn’t leave Ryuu and Mia alone that whole time.

Syr was seriously caught between a rock and a hard place, and while she was resolved to do as much as she could, her body was quickly running up against its biological limits. Another strong wave hit her, and she was forced to practically double over as she struggled to fill the flagon in her hand without spilling it.

It was in this sorry state that Mia caught her, and she crossed her arms.

“Syr, you need to use the restroom, don’t you?”

“N-no!” was Syr’s immediate response, though it was clear to anyone she was lying, “I mean, I’ll be fine, I can hold it until-”

“Nonsense, you look like you’re about to explode,” Mia noted, sternly but gently, “Since the restroom here is out of order, you’re free to leave and find another.”

“But I-”

Syr stopped herself. She really couldn’t hold it anymore, and if she just stubbornly carried on like this, she was just going to leave a puddle on the tavern floor.

“T-thank you.”

“I’ll pick up the slack, but you better hurry back as soon as you’ve gone,” Mia ordered.

“Right!”

With that, Syr slipped out the back exit to the Hostess of Fertility and practically doubled over, grabbing herself immediately. With the privacy of the backstreets, Syr didn’t care if anyone saw her holding it. Actually, she had to pee so badly she didn’t care if anyone saw her holding it regardless at this point.

Well, perhaps there was one person she didn’t want seeing her holding herself like this, so she sincerely hoped Bell wasn’t out running around late at night for some reason.

Syr glanced around urgently, trying to think of the nearest place that might have a restroom. There were some other taverns a few streets away, but that would be quite a walk. Still, she couldn’t think of anywhere closer that would be open this time of night.

I’ll head a couple of streets down, and if I find anything closer, I’ll take it!

With that game plan in mind, Syr hobbled down the street. She tried to keep to the back alley, as even at this time of night there could be stragglers who would spot the sorry sight of a desperate tavern maid grabbing herself and practically staggering down the street as she tried not to flood her undergarments before making it to a toilet.

Unfortunately for Syr, the walk to the other closest tavern wasn’t short at the best of times,and this certainly wasn’t that for Syr. She grit her teeth as her bladder screamed at her for relief. Every step sent a shock straight to her abdomen. She could feel all the pee sloshing around inside of her as she hobbled. The pressure was immense.

Suddenly, she was hit by a strong wave, and she felt herself lose another spurt out into her panties. By this point there was a sizable wet patch that she could feel at her crotch. It felt uncomfortable, and the moisture pressed right up against her only heightened how badly she needed to pee.

As she continued down the back streets, beads of sweat-- both from the busy night but also the exertion of holding it-- formed on her forehead. Her breathing was shallow. If she drew in too deep of a breath, she could feel it put even more pressure on her swollen bladder.

Another wave, and another spurt. Syr dropped to the ground and buried her heel into her crotch in an attempt to physically stem the flow. She bounced and hissed as she tried not to totally lose it right there. By some small miracle she managed, but she had to hurry.

Syr tried to pick up the pace. She was already at her limit and running out of time. Unfortunately, walking faster only made her leak more, and she found herself dribbling with each step. Her panties were getting totally saturated with urine. Any more and it would start dripping down her legs.

She felt another strong wave hit and tried to fight it back. Another, longer spurt escaped out, but still Syr somehow managed to clamp the floodgates closed. She was nearly there. Thoughts of making a mad dash down the last street and rounding the corner to the tavern crossed her mind, but Syr knew she would burst trying such a stunt.

Another strong wave, and Syr felt herself leak again. This time, a small stream started trickling down her thigh, and as she walked, she wiped the moisture onto her other thigh. Suddenly, using the men’s room back at the tavern didn’t sound like such a bad option, but it was too late to turn back now.

A few more steps, and suddenly Syr felt something. A wave was coming on, and Syr knew this would be the last. She doubled over and clamped both hands tightly against her crotch in an attempt to fight back, and at first she was successful. She did let out a small spurt, but she managed to clamp herself shut again, and for a brief moment she thought she was in the clear.

But then the wave didn’t subside, it only grew in intensity as the immense pressure just couldn’t be contained any longer. Syr felt dribbles start to leak out in spite of her hands being there. She tried in vain to fight it, but her body let out an involuntary spurt, and then another. She had pushed her body to its limits and simply couldn’t hold on any longer.

No! I can’t! I’m going to pee!

The floodgates finally burst open, and Syr felt her hot, pent-up urine gush out of her. It quickly soaked into her uniform and totally bypassed her utterly soaked panties, splashing loudly onto the street below. It gushed out between her hands and down her legs like a waterfall.

Syr barely had the mind to remove her hands and try to salvage her skirt, but it was far too little too late. She bunched it up and tried to hold it out of the way as she peed, but it was already totally soaked with urine.

Syr felt her legs grow wobbly and she nearly fell over, leaning forwards and reaching out for the nearby wall to brace herself as she totally flooded her clothes and the street beneath her. A large puddle spread out around her, running into the cracks of the street and pattering loudly as she emptied her overfilled bladder right there in full view of anyone who happened to be walking by. Luckily it was night, and there was only one straggler who was either too far away to notice or too intoxicated to care. It didn’t keep the bright red blush from creeping up on Syr’s face as she wet herself, though.

By the time Syr was done, she was left in a daze of both embarrassment and utter, sheer relief as the intense pressure in her bladder gave way to a dull, throbbing ache from having held it in so long. Still, regardless of the circumstances, she was finally empty, and allowed herself a long sigh.

Of course, the relief wouldn’t last, as soon her mind turned back to the tavern and what she was going to do. She couldn’t just return to work like this, but if she took her time to get cleaned up, Mia would scold her for taking too long and leaving them alone when it was already swamped.

Still, Syr didn’t exactly want to openly admit to wetting herself. Her face was still bright red at the thought.

Still, it’s probably better to be honest than to make Mia think I skipped out on the rest of my shift at the busiest time…

Letting out another sigh, this one more defeated, Syr resolved to return to the Hostess of Fertility. She could sneak in through the back so the other customers didn't see her sorry state, and she could explain the situation and they could come up with some sort of plan. Resolved, Syr turned around, backtracking through the back alleys nervously, hoping not to get caught with her wet clothes by anyone else as she returned to the tavern.

She recalled earlier, before the dinner rush, when she had been hoping Bell would show up so he could help pitch in. Given how the evening turned out, for once, she was suddenly glad he didn’t. The thought of having to hold it not only in front of the customers, but also in front of Bell mortified her, and If he caught her like this, Syr would probably die of embarrassment.

