My Girlfriend's wet day (A Sims 4 story)

Author: Red Simpson

*000*2021-01-04 20:40

(Hello again, I'm back with a new Sims 4 story which is based of Trina's hold it Hike comic by @WesternWets

As always I hope you enjoy and be sure to let me know what you thought of it and what stories you'd like to see from me in the future. The story is told from the perspective of Johnathan light blonde hair, orange check shirt and all around nerd telling his story about how his girlfriend pissed herself during a hike.)

###

So that's me saying hello to my girlfriend Luna, we'd met during my gap year to Japan and since that day we'd never been apart, I never thought I'd get someone as cute looking as Luna but my dreams had come true.

Although she isn't into omorashi, she does tease me with having to pee and even leaking over video call, but today would be very different.

You see her parents gave her tickets for this exclusive hike around town lead by that day's guide James, who was already gathering people for the hike.

Joining us on this adventure were some couple and a mother with her kid, I guess today was very popular.

"Alright guys if you'd like to follow me we can begin the hike." James calls out and we all begin to follow him.

The beginning of the hike wasn't much to comment about all besides the beauty of nature and Luna's natural beauty.

We all stopped for a moment as James talks about the trees however I was fixated on Luna as she takes a picture of her and nature before she drinks her ice tea.

It was a very hot day so I wasn't surprised that Luna was helping herself to a second can of Ice tea.

Soon we'd reached the temple and my what a sight it was.

"This Temple was built back in the Edo Period yet the weird thing is no Emperor or Empress lived in this Temple as it was used for preying and wisdom." James explains to the group, I couldn't help but notice that Luna was now having her third can of Ice tea.

*All that Ice tea....it has to go somewhere.* I thought to myself as we moved on.

During our hike we'd managed to lose Oscar the slightly overweight Husband who was with Norma who was very worried for him.

"He doesn't just wonder off like this." Norma says

"Don't worry Ms, we'll find him, there are signs that will help your husband find his way back." James comforts.

I just felt bad for the woman.

Meanwhile I was beginning to notice that Luna was not herself, she was squirming a little and being a little deliberate with her movements, I put the two together and determined she had to pee yet for nor now I decided to play dumb and pretend I didn't see.

Soon we passed some half way point where I noticed everyone was a little squirmy, myself included however the kid didn't have to pee at all and so Luna agreed to keep an eye on him while the rest of the us relieved ourselves.

"Hehe you have to pee" the kid taunts as Luna goes to grab herself, I can only imagine what the noise alone was doing to increase her need to relieve her own bladder.

"Ryan behave, Mummy will be done soon." her mother calls out.

"Right.....I think we're all ready to carry on." James sighs as we all continue towards our next sight seeing location.

"However 30 minutes later Luna's need to pee had come back and it was stronger than last time, I didn't know how she was holding so much but it was arousing to watch her squirm.

Finally she opens up to her need.

"Ms....I have to pee....where's the bathroom?" Luna asks quietly so only the mother and I could hear only I pretended to not be paying attention.

"Ummmm well you're kinda looking at it sweetie....unless you can hold it until we get back to town." she replies unsure what to say.

As the group moves on and heads towards town I notice Luna was taking a longer to catch up, I swear she almost doubled over and leaked on the bridge.

It took us another 30 minutes plus another 5 because James got us lost but we finally made it back to town where we found Oscar walking out of the local bar.

Norma was giving James a earful after getting her lost and losing her husband during the hike, even the mother got in angry word asking what he would've done if her child had gotten lost, this gave Luna a chance to waddle to me.

She imminently straightened up the moment I looked over to her.

"hey baby...are you ok? you've been really squirmy all day." I ask her and before she replies.

Her bladder must of spiked because she started dancing around yet trying as hard as she could to keep some shred of modesty as she refused to hold herself.

"I have to...pee, I have to pee so badly....I....I can't even walk....I...I'm that full." she whimpers as she throws her modesty away and holds herself.

"Without moving or saying a word, she closes her eyes as her body shivers and she lets out a quiet moan.

She looks at me and smiles in relief as her shorts suddenly go dark and her legs get soak in her own pee, after hours of holding it, My girlfriend was having an accident.

She suddenly jolts as if she'd woken up as she realises what she'd just done.

Her face was too much for me to handle as I give her a long hug.

"You did so well....." I whisper in her ear.

"That was the best day ever." She whispers shakily before adding.

"I think I understand why you love Omo so much."

The End

(I still don't understand why images are being added when I don't add them if someone can tell me how to stop this from happening I'd appreciate it)

*003*2021-01-05 00:43

I may use Luna and Johnathan again in the future, loving the fact you guys enjoy this

