Pisstronaut's Interview

Author: Rina Li

*000*2018-02-25 19:21

Pisstronaut's Interview

Shameless advertisement:

1) First fiction:

$/42550-rakanlivesmatter/?do=embed"

Authors' notes:

2) Liked this chapter? Type "#Pisstronaut"! 2)Want this to continue? Type "#Serialisation"!

3) Using the tags I ask you to use really encourages me to continue with a story. If you liked it, please use the tags asked.

4) Any and all references are purely coincidental in nature.

STORY:

~8 years in the future~

"Welcome one and all to the first episode of'#RinaLiAsks!'. I'm your anchor, Rina Li and joining us today will be this beautiful lady who was responsible for repairing of the importance equipment of our astronauts in space without whom, that mission would not have been possible. It's Lucia Vaeg. Big round of applause for her! " said Rina Li turning her chair to her left clapping towards a middle aged women who was smiling.

"I'm really glad that I could be here today and I appreciate your channel Global Standard News or GSN for having me over!" said Lucia with a reaffirming smile.

"I would like to inform our viewers that this is not an ordinary interview. This interview has no fixed time. We both drink a warm and healthy tea which had a strong herbal and safe diuretic in it. Lucia here can choose to answer only as much as she likes. She is free to leave whenever she wants. If she or I leave for the toilet the interview is ended. If either of us have an accident, no matter how exciting it may be, the interview will be ended. Our staff cannot be forced to work for eternity of course. Viewers I know because of this table you cannot see them but I'm really a pair of really cute jeans and definitely don't want to ruin them. Anyways most of the questions will be politically based and we would prefer if you answered honestly or don't answer. You can start with a bit about yourself and your work in space."

"Well my name is Lucia Vaeg. I'm 38 years old and happily married to Rick Vaeg since I was 19. I have two wonderful children, Harris and Martha who were mature enough and responsible when I left. They had a tough time without me but they still encouraged me and are proud of me. Martha is 14 while Harris is 17. Martha is interested in fashion while Harris has wish of being an administrator for our country. My husband, happily looked after our children without any complaints and was my source of motivation. He's one of the chiefs in the police and serves giving his 100% always."

"Your husband and children sound like wonderful people. If you don't mind, has any women ever laid eyes on him or made a hit on with/without you?"

"Most likely they wouldn't have. I trust Rick and know he wouldn't try to do anything like that. But still I have a message to any person attempting to do but could you insert a bleeping sound and blur on my lips for ten seconds?"

"Sure, if you say so!" said a slightly surprised Rina Li.

A censor sound was put and on the screen her lips were censored. One of crew showed a ? to indicate it was ready.

"......."

"Wow. If I needed to pee, my jeans wouldn't have been dry after hearing that. That was dark. Anyways what were you doing in space?" said a wide eyed Rina Li

"Our mission was installing certain solar devices to absorb certain radiations of the sun that fell on the moon that would convert it to energy and transmit it to all satellites nearby to keep them forever sustained. Some of the energy would be sent to earth however certain satellites would have to created for that which would be the nexr mission. I had to repair any damages on the ship, the suits and act as an substitute to any of the astronauts who were steering or those who had to install the device. While we were lucky that many of those did not happen, the Astronaut's suits kept on getting damaged and I had to repair it over and over. One of us had fallen sick, name won't be mentioned, role was given to me and I had to monitor our communication systems as well. We were successful in installing those devices and in future it will create an infinite source of energy that can be used anywhere on the earth."

"That is really amazing. I'm a bit worried of electric companies about this but benefit of mankind trumps everything. How do you think your job affects women in general?" said a slightly fidgeting Rina Li.

"It does not affect women in general. We women are strong and independent and if we feel we can do something, we will! By saying that something was done by a woman and not saying done by a man makes it so that makes us women look weak and such events are very common for men and extremely rare for women. As a woman I do not want that to happen. I want everyone to be considered equal and not any feeling like that should be given by our actions! " said Lucia feeling the effects of the tea slowly but surely filling her bladder.

"We asked celebrities to post questions on our websites and the most upvoted ones will be asked but if the show continues, we will all of them. Q1) Are you inspired by Jim Jardhashian?" asked a squirming Rina Li.

"I assume it's because of my butt's size I guess.." she giggles but continues, "My butt is 100% organic. My mama's genes, a lot of exercise and plenty of eggs gives me this wonderful treasure. I am not following you Jim. Also there is something else but I'll tell that later" she began slightly fidgeting.

"Q2)Are you a feminist? Why or why not?" said Rina Li slightly weaker and fast. Her bladder making her feel really uncomfortable.

"That's a tough question. Feminism is an ambiguous term. Some say it is equality others actions prove it is for something else, different websites have different meanings, etc. I believe in equal rights for everyone however in developed countries like ours I don't think we need any feminist movement and it is does not have any official organization. Anyone can call themselves a feninist and ask for superior treatment. So to be on the safe side I would not consider myself a Feminist. " said Lucia. She stopped fidgeting and began smiling. A small sound could be heard but both of their clothes were dry.

"I am with you on that definition. I love the way you answer questions with confidence and intelligence. This next one is slightly personal. Q3) Did you have anything to be embarrassed about?" said Rina Li moving front and back and shifting her legs ever so often.

"Well, in space whenever I felt the need to pee, I went to the toilet but it wouldn't come out even though I was desperate. So I had to go in diapers. Luckily I had no such problems with bowels. But for sone reason I could not pee in the toilet. I just used a diaper whenever I had to go. We had plenty and the others didn't have to use much of theirs. This is something I regret. Now I can't stop peeing. I go to sleep,I wake up with a soaked bed. I went to the supermarket and wet myself. Some kids saw that and said 'Mommy that woman needs diapers more than I do!'. I tried everything to retrain my bladder but nothing seems to work. I'm wearing a diaper right now also."

"That's sad. I...wonder why did you tell us about that when... it was so... so embarrassing and people like me would never say such.... an.. answer?" said Rina at her limit. She might have hold it much longer.

"Oh, that was because I wanted to be as honest as possible. Also many people suffer from urinary incontinence and are socially tormented by that. I want them to know that they too deserve respect and they do not need to have feel ashamed. Also kids that feel peeing in their pants is fun, don't! Once it gets permanent, you won't have any choice. You'll have to wear diapers 24/7 and believe me you won't like it!"finished Lucia hearing a light hiss.

"It's almost been an hour on this interview. That tea is definitely reaching its max capacity..." said Rina Li with an expression relived yet annoyed.

Lucia looked below the desk before rising and giggling.

"I guess the interview is over!" said Lucia with a smile.

Rina Li was heavily blushing to be discovered. She was sure that Lucia would be in a wet diaper and that cheered her up.

"And with that I'll see you viewers tomorrow. Goodnight and stay aware! I am your host Rina Li signing out!" said Rina Li smiling and doing her signature hand movement.

The camera was off and the show was over. Both of the ladies stood up. Rina Li's jeans were completely drenched mostly being wet on the bottom and the centre. She looked at herself and then at Lucia who's diaper in her yoga pants was slightly sagging. They both looked at the large puddle Rina Li had made.

"That's huge. Maybe it was a bit too strong for you!"said Lucia.

"I can see something sagging so I wouldn't complain much. It was great having you here today!" said Rina Li moving her hand forward.

"Same here. I really appreciate you calling me here. By the looks of your face you still have one more question right?" said a still smiling Lucia.

"Aren't you tired smiling? Also how do you... you know? Do... bow chika bow wow?" said a blushing Rina Li looking away.

"You mean sex? I still pee during those times but he does not mind now. I think it actually... forget it. I shouldn't tell hiw he feels without his permission. I'll be taking my leave. Also you might want to change those dry pants!" said giggling Lucia walking away.

"We don't have any spare Rina Li!" said Aiyano.

"Guess I'm going to have to see in the car naked(without pants) or make the seat dirty. Which is better?" said a sighing Rina Li.

"I prefer the first one. Haven't seen your vagina for some weeks and I think you're too scared to do it!"said a flirting Aiyano.

"I'm not." said a smiling Rina Li about to do something extraordinary.

*004*2018-02-26 02:08

{{5 hours ago, OmoCommando said:

This is an interesting story, but... you are aware that this isn't twitter, right? And that hashtags don't actually have a mechanical function on omo.org?

}}

I'm honored that a moderator commented on my story. I loved your interactive series 'Arena of Desperate Battles' before it went over-sexual. I still like it just not that much as I used to.

About the tags; the search engine in this website can search for words in text. By making unique tags, everytime someone uses the tag, their individual comment comes in search. Also tags have no other use, so I want to try to make my stories so good that people without questioning will use those tags because it is something that is out of their way.

I'm slightly hypocritical. One side I am motivated to improve the quality so that users will happily use them and on other side I am requesting people to use them. I'm really a strange creature.

*006*2018-03-23 19:25

Warning: The following chapter contains a mix of colours for text, common bolding of words with some hidden meaning, small font which I cannot edit on my device and strong political views.

If you do not want to put stress on your eyes or do not like even a bit of political discussion, I advice you not to continue. This may not be suitable for you.

Any and all characters/locations/organisations mentioned are purely fictional and any resemblance to anything in real life is merely coincidental.

Any and all political views are simply for the story and do not intend to show my views or the viewpoint of certain communities.

Shamless advertisement:

%https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/42550-rakanlivesmatter/

Chapter-2

"Welcome to The Weekly Debate with Jaclynn Garcia. I'm your beautiful host Jaclynn Garcia. Today with us we have the important Lucia Vega, a female astronautwithout whom an important self-sustaining energy source mission would not have been completed and one and only, famous actress and author, Loreine Alwright."

This was a live broadcast on Mirror News. It was 9:00 PM and the TV was on. There were three rectangles with three different women on them. On the centre was a dashing young blonde in a black t-shirt. On the right(our) was a brown haired middle-aged woman who had an European origin like face was wearing a thick tight white dress with two big white bulges showing how big and shaped her breasts were. She was Lucia Vega. On the left was darker skinned middle aged woman. She had smaller breasts when compared to the other two. She was Loreine Alwright.

"This is an open discussion. When the other person is speaking you can interrupt if you want but we recommend waiting for the other to finish first. Today's topic is modern day feminism as well as certain inappropriate things people noticed but firstly Feminism. Ladies, you may start the debate."

"Thank you Ms. Jaclynn. Our guest here had recentlygiven a statement negative about Feminism and I would like to disagree with that."

"I don't think I've said anything critical of Feminism..."

"Oh..you have! You claimed modern day Feminism is not about equality but woman supremacy. Let me tell you that even today we women are oppressed everywhere. You may have been lucky to be free from this oppression not most of us aren't. Women are raped on an everyday basis and people are silent about it. Music and films support rape. A woman earns about 73 cents to every dollar a man earns. One in Three women in America get raped. We never had any female President and only a few women are CEOs in top companies. Abortion is still not free in the US. Which all this, how the hell can you claim that Feminism is not needed. Ms.Jaclynn, you should not have invited such ignorant misogynists to your show! "

"Should I tell her or you will?" asked a smiling Lucia.

"You can do it. You were personally attended it right?"

"What?" asked a confused idiot... I mean Loreine.

"Firstly she is Mrs Jaclynn Garcia. Do you think an American will get a Spanish surname out of her ass?"

"Everyone here has got juicy apples ? incase anyone was wondering." said a smirking Mrs.Garcia.

"It's a delight to see you have a good sense of humor like Rina Li. I was one of the guests at her wedding two months ago. Now about feminism, it may meanequality to some but the movement is not..."

"How can you say that that? Give one example!"

"Let me finish my sent..."

"Alright, you can explain."

"If you stop interrupting me, it would be appreciated. No film or song promotes rape. At max it is just humour. It does not encourage others to do so. About the wage gap, it is just the average earnings of a man and woman. It does not take into account work hours, no of leaves taken, different types of jobs, how hardworking the person is, etc. Like dentists come under doctors. So does a surgeon. Surgeons earn way more than a doctor. Just like that many women are employed in lower paying jobs. Teachers in schools are mostly female which is the opposite in universities. As for the rape statistics, it was a survey conducted for a small sample size with three to four questions like "Were you raped? ", "Did your partner lie to you to have sex?", "Did you have sex after intake of even a little alcohol?", "Did you partner force you to have sex?" If you answered any one of those questions with yes, you're a rape victim. More men are hardworking than women. These men get CEOs.. "

"How can say women are not hardworking or deserve to be paid less!? I don't want to talk to such intolerant people!" She pressed some button on her device and panel went black.

Her panel disappeared and only two remained.

"So much for tolerance. It's not even been 10 minutesand this debate was supposed to go to till 30 minutes. Now Lucia, could you tell our audience what Feminism should focus on and how women who are discriminated should seek redressal before we move onto the next topic? "

"Feminism should mainly fight against injustice to other women and men in third world countriesespecially Islamic States that make discrimination/ill treatment of women legal. Islam does not tell to mistreat women, it's the leader of these nations who do such things. We must enlighten them about equality. About, discrimination... I don't think discrimination is likely in US. But if you feel you were discriminated against, you can send an email to [email protected]

. She will guide you on what to do. "

"Now Mrs Vega, there are some users claiming they saw Mrs Rina Li sit naked in her car. Some kids on twitter typed that they say her wearing her shirt but they could only see something similar to skin with hair. Do you think this is true?"

"I can't say for sure, but there's a good chance it is. See I don't know if it is known or not but her pants were in a condition that would make her car seats dirty and she might not have had extras to wear, so she.. you know...."

"About that, very few people understood what you meant when you said 'The interview is over'. They thought you were peeing in your diaper... I'm sorry for saying it like that!"

"Oh it's no big deal. But yeah, I was peeing in my diaper and yeah someone else also was peeing."

"Do you think this interview till you leave or pee is a violation of human right?"

"Not at all. It was optional. Rina Li herself asked mebeforehand for that. It is actually a good idea as you get some emotion in your speech and prevents you from thinking about false answers as you can't concentrate too much. Though it is advisable to not do that in tight clothing especially the jeans with zips. I heard an article that some women tried the same thing. When one of them left to use the restroom, her zipper got stuck and she well... had an accident. Her pictures went viral and she was later fired from her job as her employers did not want any negative review of their product because of her. "

"How well do you know Rina Li? You seem rather close." asked a nervous Mrs.Garcia.

"I know her very well. I've known her since she was a child. We used to live nearby until I shifted. She was very kind and always had a barrage of questions. We talked and played many games together like tag, skating, swimming, etc. I always felt that I was like her older sister. She has grown into a beautiful women with self confidence. She is responsible for changing several religious people mindsets about certain superstitious traditions especially against the Raka. It makes me proud to see someone like her achieving her dream job since 18 and the being the best in it. Currently her online news channel and she as the anchor are ranked number 1 and her wife Aiyano's YouTube series is also well received. I believe you come on the the top ten list as well."

"It was great to know. I hope one day our TV channel can compete against her online-channel. Like her, do you have any questions for us here?" asked a curiousMrs.Vega.

"I hope you don't take any offence but why are you so clingy with your husband? You seem so addicted to him..."

"Oh.. it's not problem. It's just I want to be near him always. I want us to be together while doing almost everything. If you lay your eyes on him, you will regret it.." said Mrs.Garcia with same smile Lucia during Rina Li's show.

"That's good to know. I heard that once made a girl wet herself. Could you tell more about it?"

"If you didn't know, me and Ernold were dating since we were 11. A girl had a crush on him and used to follow us from the behind. One day I believe our school cafeteria's dish were a little too spicy. Everyone drank a lot to compensate for that. I was eventually bursting and went to the toilet. I asked Ernold to wait outside. She was also probably desperate. She thought this was a good opportunity to talk to Ernold. I quickly came out and immediately told her that if she tried hitting on him again, I would make sure she would be scared to see him herself...I had a look of a crazy girl, that combined with her need to pee gave a wonderful display to everyone around. She started peeing in fear and formed a puddle there . A teacher shortly came and I got detention for that..."

"Well that was something I wish I could see with my own eyes! I'll be taking my leave. Goodnight." She pressed something on her device and her panel dissappeared.

"That's it for tonight ladies and gentlemen. Unfortunately we could not have the debate as one of us left but tune in next week for another 'The Weekly Debate'! Goodnight and Goodbye!"

An outro played and ad started. Meaning the show was over. Rina Li turned off her TV.

"Too bad she didn't mention about certain incidentsabout you!" said Rina Li's mother.

"Mom!" said an irritated Rina Li.

"Just kidding." She began laughing.

"Once again Happy Birthday Mom. You were always there when I needed you, you supported everything I did even changed others for me. Thank you for everything!" She had tears in her eyes and hugged her mother.

"It's okay. Just don't remember to visit the bathroom before sleeping. Don't want childhood habits to repeat itself." said her mother who was smiling at how dear she was to her daughter.

Author's notes: 1)Enjoyed this story? Type '#Pisstronaut' 2)Want a side story of any character? Type that character's name with a hash(#) with SideStory, eg: #LuciaSidestory 3)I'm going to regret saying this but.... If you want this to continue, type '#Serialisation'.

The bold in the chapters has a mix of meanings. (i) Some are just names and details (ii) Some an emotion or strong expression (iii) Some emphasis (iv) Some reference to the previous chapter or my other story (v) Some about any accident (vi) Some are spoilers about what will happen (vii) Some are hints about the next story I am posting and (viii) Some are whatever excuse I get to make words bold, also some bold is just an accident.

