Holiday with girl group

Author: Rune Vesgina

*000*2020-07-24 09:32

Emma first year university , Violet first year university , Odette, second year university and Claire Third year university All four is a group known at the university

Today is a long holiday for university. All four people are invited to go on a long holiday.But they still don't know where to travel. So all four of them took a car and drove indefinitely in case there was a place they wanted to go.With the seats of the four people as follows

Emma sitting in the back with Odette Violet sat in the seat next to the driver and Claire is the driver. Before leaving, they had a large glass of soda in the center of the car, according to their number. The traffic is jammed like the general capital traffic. While the cars were waiting for the traffic lights, they agreed on where to go.

‘ Where are we going? ’ Claire opens the issue.

‘ Should we go to the mall? ’ Emma proposed up

‘ We go there every week. ’ Odette speaks while sipping soda.

‘ So where are we going? ’ Emma asked Odette back.

Violet listened to them, arguing with each other by searching the front of the car and finding a piece of paper.

‘ If it were here, should we go? ’ Violet proposed by giving that paper to Emma.

‘ The sea? Just opened shortly. ’

‘ Then shall we go There is not that far away either. ’ Claire adds, looking for the coordinates of the sea

‘ Then let's go ’ Everyone agreed to go there and the traffic lights let them go.

Claire keeps driving according to the coordinates until he stays on the highway. The heat from the afternoon air made them sip soda together more often.

‘The traffic began to jam again maybe there is an accident ahead.’Claire complains while sipping a soda too.

‘ It will take a long time before we reach the end of this highway. ’ Violet says by sipping more soda.

‘ Violet. If you drink it a lot, be careful you will want to piss. ’As Odette is Violet's older sister, she warns her sister.

‘ Don't worry, Odette. I'm not a child anymore to not hold it for a long time. ’ Violet replies and drinks all of the soda.

‘ So until the highway is over, you don't just look for the restrooms. ’ Odette tells Violet, who is cocky, drinks all soda before everyone else.

After 30 minutes the car moved not far from where they had been. And the effect of the soda they drink is starting to work. Each person starts to move their legs, depending on who is the most affected by the soda is violet she shook her legs more than others and asked Claire if

‘ Claire How far will it be to get past this highway? ’

‘ What's going on? Violet A few minutes ago, you still told me, 'You're not a child anymore'. ’

Odette tease Violet.Violet blushed and told her sister that

‘ Be quiet, Odette. I just want to know how far it is. ’ She spoke while shaking her legs.

Claire rubbed her thighs and told Violet that

‘ Probably about 30 kilometers that we will pass this highway and look for the bathroom. ’

Everyone listens to Claire and tries not to sip soda often.

After another 20 minutes, Violet used both hands to touch the vagina almost all the time, but luckily the long traffic jam began to move.

‘ Violet, can you still hold it? ’ Claire asks Violet as she moves her thighs more than ever.

‘ Ah, I think I can hold it. ’ Violet knees up in her cushion until she sees the pink underwear and squeezes her vagina.

‘ Please get out of this highway quickly. ’ Emma prayed by rubbing her legs more often

Traffic during this period is flowing. Until they can finally get past the highway and Claire drives a car looking for a gas station or a public restroom nearby.

‘ (Quickly find the bathroom) ’ Violet became more rigid so as not to pee, and if the car stopped suddenly, it would cause her pee to come out.But then Claire brakes the car suddenly because the car in front suddenly brakes

‘ Ah! ’ Violet leaked a little Her pink underwear began to darken and warm liquids smeared on the cushions.Her tears flowed down her cheeks and grew tense.

‘ Claire hurried to find the bathroom. I was about to piss myself. ’

‘ Ah, I know, but there are a lot of cars on this road that don't have the opportunity to go to the sidewalk. ’Claire tells Violet that her thighs are squeezing tightly.

And Claire can now drive to the pavement road, although it takes quite a long time.

‘ Violet, can you still hold it up? ’ Odette asks while the hand is between her legs.

Violet tears down his cheek once more and responds to Odette in a lingering tone.

‘ I can't wait even a second. ’

Then Violet relaxed herself and a warm golden liquid came out.

PSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

The warm liquids poured down on her underwear and Claire's car seat.

Wet pants became even more wet

( That sound would be happy. ) Emma thought and restless and try not to hear the sound of pee.

( Oh, Violet. I also want to piss. ) Odette is using both hands to fill the vagina and squeeze the thighs more since hearing Violet's pee voice.

( Ah, I have to find the gas station as soon as possible. Otherwise i would ) Claire couldn't put her hand between her legs because she had to hold the steering wheel so she shook her legs more than ever.

After a while, Violet was absolutely finished. She cried and told Claire.

‘ Sorry, Claire. My pee has smeared your car seat. I will clean ’

‘ It's all right, Violet. You have already tried your best. ’

And Claire drives a gas station near the sea.

( Oh, thank God, the bathroom is right in front of me. ) Emma contracted and prayed for Claire to park the car quickly.

‘ Claire, hurry. I want to piss. ’ Odette kneels and squeezes her vagina.

Claire finished parking. All three quickly opened the car door without time to close the car door and rushed to the bathroom.

But it seems like heaven bullying, the bathrooms that they want have a long queue

‘ Ah, what should we do? Claire ’ Emma asked by crossing her leg and her hand tucked between the legs.

‘ Ah, can you hold it until we get to the sea? We'll use the restroom there. ’ Claire proposed that she was bouncing back and forth a little.

‘ Oh! I think i can hold it ’ Odette squeezed her leg slightly and squeezed her vagina.

All three girls rushed to get in the car.

Start the car and drive to the sea. Driving is fraught with difficulty because Claire has to drive and carry urine.

‘ Ha ha ha ’ Claire is breathing more frequently and shaking his legs more than ever.

‘ Ah, I can. I can. Ah! ’ Odette leaked the shorts. Her legs began to have dark spots.

‘ Find a car park. Hurry. ’ Emma raised her head to Claire's side.

‘ Ha ha I then tried to find a parking space.Ha ha ’ Claire is now leaking out. Dark spots appear on her jeans. Probably more than Odette's shorts

Eventually, they found a car park near the sea, but Claire didn't have time to turn off the car. She then pulled off the seat belt and quickly got out of the car and went to the beach bathroom.

Emma also followed Claire, but Odette didn't move at all.

‘ Odette? ’ Violet looked at Odette with suspicion. And Odette began to whine.

‘ Violet, I think I ... Haaaaaaaaa’ Not yet before Odette could finish speaking, the dark spot on her shorts had widened.

PSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

The golden liquid flows out of the Odette's vagina until the liquid is wet on the bottom of the Odette.

( Wow, Odette is so cute now. ) Violet breathes and has a face full of lust.

And Odette is absolutely pissed off, taking off the shorts, revealing the white underwear and watching the damage that occurred.

Let's go to Claire and Emma. Claire is now at the beachfront bathroom area, but Emma can't wait to leave the line and go to the bathroom at a convenience store.

‘ Welcome How can I help you? ’ The waitress told Emma.

‘ Where is the restroom here? I'm going to piss myself ’ Emma asked the young staff member that she crossed her legs.

‘ On the opposite side of the refrigerator ’ The waitress pointed the finger to the bathroom

‘ Oh! Thank you very much ’ After finished speaking, Emma rushed to the bathroom, but before she could step on his legs, Emma began to leak.

( No stop ) Emma tried to contract the sphincter but was unable to resist the urinary period.

She then rushed to the bathroom. As it came out already.

She was in front of the bathroom and Emma brought her hand to crank the door but it didn't open.

( No, it'll all come out. At least asking to go down to the bathroom is still good. )

Emma knocked on the door frequently, allowing the people inside to come out.

Someone came out, Emma rushed to the toilet, had no time to take off her jeans or shut the door and sat down on the toilet.But it's too late. Emma's pee has gone out in front of the restroom.She covered her face and cried.The waitress went to comfort Emma and went to clean the floor.

Claire's side, she was waiting in line until now, the remaining two will reach your queue. Claire tried to hold urine in every way, but while waiting for the dark spot where her jeans began to expand.

( Just a little more, so I can use the bathroom. Don't just come out now. ) Claire took her hand to fill her vagina and twisted her back and leaked a little more.

And finally, it's her turn to use the bathroom.Claire brought the handle to the bathroom door and there was a girl behind her, clinging to Claire's jeans.

‘ May I go to the bathroom first? ’

Claire's head was hitting each other. Now, one heart told her, 'You have to use the bathroom first or you will piss yourself.' But her other heart said, 'Let this kid use the bathroom first and try to endure a bit more.' and Claire made the decision and told that child

‘ Okay, you use the bathroom first. ’

‘ Thank you Sis ’ And that girl entered the bathroom

After a while, that girl didn't come out.

( Come on, I won't be able to do it. )

And after a while, that girl didn't come out

( Ah, I can't do that. I'll piss myself. ) Claire is leaking more, the dark spots on the jeans are already expanding on her jeans legs.

And Claire noticed the back of the bathroom

( Behind the bathroom, I have to pee there ) Claire rushed to the back of the bathroom to pee but found the girl.

‘ Eh?, you ’ Claire is surprised to see that girl.

‘ hehe,Sis ’ That girl quietly titter, captured by Claire.Claire rushed towards the girl, clinging to that girl's shoulder, and Claire lowered her legs and told

‘ This is the result of what you did to me.Ah! ’ The dark spots of her jeans widened

PSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHH!

And golden liquid coming out of her vagina .Claire's pee came out very long, the sand from the beach could not support Claire's pee's amount, causing it to flood for some time.

And the girl's mother came in

‘ Are you teasing someone about to use the bathroom? ’

‘ M…..Mom ’ Then her mother carried her and immediately apologized to Claire.

‘ I'm sorry that my daughter made you piss. ’ And the girl's mother then walked from Claire

Claire walked back to the car and saw Violet. Odette and Emma who are taking off their pants or skirts

‘ Claire, are you pissing on yourself too? ’

‘ Y….Yes ’ Claire blushed and nodded a bit.

‘ Let it be that matter. Let's change clothes and play in the sea. ’ Odette spoke with her shirt off.

And after that, the Claire changed the dress into a swimsuit and ran to the sea to wash from the pee themselves.

Claire could not swim in the water for a short time and saw that the girl was hit by her mother in the butt, but Claire noticed that the girl's mother's legs were wet, but her butt was not wet.Because her daughter pissed on herself while her mother smacked in the bottom, this would be the result of that child dealing with Claire.

END

*002*2020-07-24 11:06

{{51 minutes ago, Rexone_312 said:

That was quite enjoyable.. Loved how the entire story was playful and naughty in its own way!

Just one suggestion... When ever you write the next story, please do not make so many paragraphs and don't begin every sentence with an '.

Cheers

}}

Thanks for your suggestion. I will improve my writing. Thank you.

