The Rough Seam

Author: randomkath

*000*2017-03-20 18:56

This short story was inspired by "What other fetishes do you guys have?". Special thanks to Jeffery Mewtamer and Curiousanon.

The text calls bullshit on the notion that women are only able to enjoy erotica when they are sweet, romantic, and plot-driven. This is none of these things. In contrast, it is nothing but 9700 explicit words of pure fetish fuel, written to satisfy the author's personal kinks. It also serves to expose the author as a twisted pervert and raging lesbian. No apologies. You have been warned.

*001*2017-03-20 18:59

The Rough Seam

"Don't knock masturbation. It's sex with someone you love." ― Woody Allen

Ashley awoke feeling deliciously full, and pleasantly horny. The first warm rays of the sun had found their way into her room and gently kissed her awake. A good kind of kiss to wake up to, second only to the lips of an actual human being. She yawned and stretched, throwing off the light blanked that had covered her during the night. Her bladder pulsated in anticipation of a good hard morning piss. She scratched her butt. It was the last day of the semester, and Michele had already left for home early. Not that she wouldn't have scratched her butt in front of her roommate, but she still enjoyed having a little privacy in the cramped dorm room.

Her nerves sent strong warning signals now, pointing out the urgency of the situation. She swung herself out of bed and made her way over to the tiny bathroom. There she walked right past the toilet, dropped her sleepwear into the laundry hamper, and stepped into the shower. She had no intention of granting herself the luxury of relief.

Ashley loved the feeling of having to pee, and was an expert at putting it off for as long as possible. She had first started to hold it in just for the sake of convenience and practicability. School toilets were gross, as were public bathrooms. Only relieving herself at home had been an obvious solution to a very simple problem. Then she had taken up running, gotten really into it, and bladder training had become part of her self-understanding as an athlete. After all, a sphincter was just another muscle that could be exercised, and she had done so with utmost determination.

By the time she graduated high school, she had been down to just two visits to the powder room per day. And as she learned to keep it in for longer and longer, she had come to realize that she enjoyed it sexually quite a bit. It made her so much more sensitive, so responsive to touch. First there had been masturbation, then experiments with others. A full bladder was a glorious thing, making not only the G-spot more sensitive, but driving her crazy with lust in general. It was so easy to get off with a few hours of pee saved up for her enjoyment, and she made use of it, frequently. Her current state was a little more extreme than usual, though.

When the warm water started to run down her body, and the sound from the shower filled her ears, she almost lost it. Nearly twenty hours of steaming piss were safely stored inside of her. Now they wanted to come out, but she didn't let them. Oh god, all the hissing, she hated that shower head. No, not quite true, she actually loved it. A shower head can be a source of pure joy when used right, as every lonely lady knows. But she didn't want to do that now, her mounting arousal was way to precious to waste.

There was a reason she was so horny, other than her bursting with almost a day of urine. She hadn't touched herself since last Friday. An incredible feat for someone who had masturbated at least twice per day, ever since the onset of puberty. It had been hard, very hard, as hard as... no, better not to continue this train of thought right now. Today would see the end of her self-chosen abstinence, and she would make it absolutely unforgettable.

When she was sure to be in control again, she carefully took her hands from her crotch and shampooed her hair, then rinsed it. When she soaped up her body, she felt around the places that had been treated recently. Yes, all still nice and smooth. There was something to be said for laser hair removal. She liked taking long showers, but it was becoming a challenge not to pee or touch herself too much, so she turned off the water after just five minutes, and quickly toweled herself dry.

She studied her face in the mirror over the sink. She didn't mean to toot her own horn, but she sure was pretty. Her eyes were sparkling with with sass and lust. It would be a very enjoyable day.

Her hair decided to be a bitch today. The bane of existence of many a mixed-race woman, for sure. One day it was curly, the other day straight, and on Tuesdays it was wavy. It would smooth down, sometimes, except when it didn't. Probably dependent on relative humidity, or whether Venus was in Taurus, or something. Hell if she knew. This morning, her follicles had decided she would be black. The second she turned on the dryer, her head exploded into a fuzzy poodle. She ran a brush through it a few times, got it stuck, painfully yanked it out, and growled in frustration as a few torn curls fell into the sink.

Fine. Why make her life so difficult? Using a single tie, she organized everything into a neat ponytail, only for it to turn into a messy bun within a tenth of a second. 'And fuck you, too, genetics', she thought. Whatever. No one would be looking at anything above her neckline anyway. That's why she went light on the makeup as well. Her hands trembled a little from the desperation, she had to take great care not to stab herself in the eye with the mascara. She thought about putting in more elaborate earrings, but there was nothing really wrong with the tiny studs she always wore, so why bother? She looked perfectly acceptable, there was no need to drag out this morning routine any longer.

She left the bathroom and quickly pushed a few buttons on her shiny new coffee maker. A present from her parents for her eighteenth birthday; they knew how much she loved steaming hot caffeine goodness. The little fully automatic machine was making quite a ruckus while she was getting dressed.

No panties, of course, not today. She put on her favorite pair of jeans. On first glance, they were just a fashionable pair of skinny jeans, real jeans, not some pseudo-leggings crap, slightly worn and faded. But there was more to them than met the eye. They were also a stealthy sex toy. A masturbatory aid, so to speak. Their low cut waist meant they had to be pulled up firmly, if Ashley didn't want to expose half her ass. Pulled up so far, they parted her cheeks, and pressed into her groin. The seam slightly separated her outer labia and came to rest between her lips. She could feel the rough texture of the fabric in direct contact with her clitoris. So naughty. So awesome.

She fed a heavy leather belt through the loops. This thing was meant to be a gun belt, wide and stiff, to support four pounds of revolver. Strong enough for her purpose. She tightened it down with a single swift motion, compressing her poor bladder. Her urethral opening stung. Oh yes, that was exactly what she wanted, what she needed! One more notch. And another one. She moaned, had to take a few seconds to compose herself.

The rest of her outfit was easy to choose, too. Why bother with a bra, when your small breasts stand on their own? Besides, those things amounted to torture devices in hot weather, anyway. She put on a simple red t-shirt, a pair of socks, her comfortable, worn-in sneakers, and was ready for the day. She never understood women who would spend hours staring into their closet, trying to decide what to wear.

The coffee was ready. She stuck her nose into the mug, breathed in deeply, savoring the smell of the beloved stimulant. Not the only thing that was stimulating her right now, but still an old favorite. Its diuretic effects were a nice bonus. Her stomach was rumbling. She hadn't eaten for just as long as she hadn't peed. She hated it when a pesky number two interrupted a good hold. To compensate for the lack of solid food, she added a good measure of full-fat cream to her drink, and stirred in no fewer than four heaped spoons of sugar. It was so much, it barely even dissolved. The breakfast of champions, or something like that. Almost disgustingly sweet. She sipped from the thermos mug as she gathered her laptop bag, a few pens, and a notebook. Phone, wallet, keys... she tried to remember if the was missing anything, but then decided she was ready.

Ashley stepped out into the beautiful day. What an amazing summer morning! Nice and warm, a soft breeze blowing, just perfect. The first person to turn around to admire her ass was a tall guy wearing a baseball cap and a fraternity shirt. It happened right in front of the dormitory building, not even twenty seconds after she had locked the door. A very good start. The second person was a gray-haired janitor, just a few moments later, and the third one, to her great pleasure, was a girl, a pretty little East Asian. Then she turned right into the busy main street, a mingling mass of students and university staff. Things got even better there.

Ashley never turned around to confirm, she just knew they were looking. She felt how she was drawing lustful stares left and right. She had a nice backside, especially in this pair of jeans, but a lot of it was from how she walked in her tennis shoes. She sat one foot in front of the other, hips gyrating, butt swaying, in the seductive manner most girls could only pull off when balancing on a pair of heels. It came natural to her. Maybe she wasn't the most conventionally beautiful woman on campus, but she was oozing sexuality. She loved to be ogled, but it wasn't just for show. Every undulating step dragged the seam across her slit. It was pretty rough indeed, and the friction worked wonders to excite her. The chafing was incredible.

After a bit over five minutes, she reached the life science building, and her junk was already irritated and itchy. Probably slightly red under the denim, too. Soon it would start to burn. She had anticipated this, she welcomed it. She had barely even started her day, just walked a few hundred meters, and soon her most sensitive parts would be hurting. And no one could know it. She just had to soldier on, or risk exposing herself as the depraved pervert she was. By the end of the day, it would be all red, and raw, and painful.

Her bladder was playing its part in the ensemble, too. Full and swollen, nicely compressed by the strong belt, straining her sphincter to exhaustion. What a lovely feeling! And all the eyeballs popping out of their sockets; she was driving people mad with desire. Knowing how many of them desperately wanted to get into her pants...

Oh, she was a cock crazy little nymphomaniac. Or maybe not that cock crazy today, because the more she thought about it, the more she felt herself craving a woman's touch. A shame that Michele had already gone home for the summer, or she would have scored easily. Yes, Ashley had slept with the girl she shared a room with once or twice. Why not? Michele had a boyfriend back home, but she also was an uncomplicated woman with a rather utilitarian attitude towards physical pleasure. That they had been intimate hadn't really made anything between them more difficult. Life wasn't some kind of TV show, where everything surrounding sex had to be awkward for the sake of drama.

And Michele was decent looking, too. A very interesting face, with a tiny button nose, and big brown eyes she mostly hid behind a huge pair of nerd glasses. A bit owlish, maybe, but by no means unattractive. And her body was divine. A shame she liked to conceal it under old jeans and baggy sweaters. Ashley had been adamant on making Michele come as hard and as often as possible when they were in bed together. She liked how utterly flustered and helpless the geeky girl looked at the very peak of her lust.

But all the reminiscing didn't help, Michele wasn't here. She would have to find somebody else for tonight. What a shame. Such hard work. Women were always harder to get than men, and evolutionary psychology had taught Ashley why that was. They were the ones to invest all the energy into pregnancy, go through the considerable danger of childbirth, so of course they had to be selective. She certainly would never get anyone pregnant, but she still had to suffer through all the bullshit, jump through all the hoops. Oh, she hated nature and society equally for making the hunt for decent clam so much harder. Still, evolutionary psychology made a lot of sense to her, even if it was frequently misused to argue for 1950s gender roles.

Around campus, Ashley didn't have a reputation for being easy, or sexually aggressive. At least not yet. No one knew the full extend of her exploits. The actual percentage of people who kiss and tell was surprisingly low. College did pose one interesting challenge to her: So many people to sleep with, so little time! A Bachelor's degree only took four years. Probably more like three, at her pace. She tried to slow down and play dumb at times, but she was still a straight-A student, and found herself bored out of her mind more often than not.

General studies in particular seldom even tickled her brain. She was a biology major, but all the interesting science courses weren't easily accessible to freshmen, so she wasted her time in classes for beginners. The curriculum really wasn't made for someone of above-average intelligence. She felt lucky she had been able to pick Financial Mathematics for next semester, which would at least provide her with a few problems that were a little more involved.

Anyway, she wasn't just a tease, she delivered what she promised! Just last week, she had slept with her track and field coach. Coach Baye hadn't been hard to seduce. She had simply asked him if he wanted to have sex with her, in plain language, and matter-of-factly. He had first appeared a little shocked, then he had looked her up and down, had studied her body. He had done that many times before, but that had always been with the eyes of a trainer. This time, he had looked at her with the eyes of a man, and he had liked what he had seen. He had nodded, then taken out his cellphone and sent a message.

She had thought nothing off it at this point in time, although she had understood what it had been about later. His house was just 15 minutes from campus. They had jogged there, because it was inconspicuous. Nothing unusual about two athletes working out together, it was to be expected. Only stretching and resistance exercise had looked a lot different from the usual program. Her legs spread to the edge of the bed, knees dangling down, him half standing, half kneeling, giving her his full length. Only of average girth, but he sure knew how to use it well.

Then his wife had come into the room. Ashley had been worried. That she didn't think too highly of traditional morals didn't mean she had none. She would rather not be a homewrecker. She had just assumed that if he was willing to bring her home, his spouse wouldn't be there. But he hadn't been worried at all. He hadn't even slowed down. That had been the second hint. The first hint had been the fact that the woman had walked in stark naked. A very deliberate action, no doubt.

Mrs. Baye was a tall, curvy ginger, whose hair was showing first strands of gray. And visibly a natural redhead, too. A very attractive mature woman, for sure. Whatever 'mature' meant these days. She probably wasn't much older than the man she was married to, so in her late forties, perhaps?

She had sat down on the bed next to Ashley. Ashley had tried to pull away from her coach, or at least to sit up, to face the woman, but Mrs. Baye had pushed her back onto the mattress. “Shhh, relax, sweetheart.” A deep smoky voice, intensely erotic on its own. She had sat down on on the bet, leaned over to get close to the copulating couple, and round breasts had sagged slightly into Ashley's face. She could appreciate a nice pair of boobies. She had given them a playful shove, intended on making them swing like a pendulum, but they had been surprisingly firm. Mrs. Baye had reacted by placing a deep kiss on Ashley, their tongues dancing around each other.

Not the meaningless peck of a one-night stand that was just a compulsory exercise, part of the ritual of sex. No, it had been the intimate kiss of a lover. Then she had started to explore Ashley's body with her hands. The feeling the older woman's cool slender fingers on her skin had pushed Ashley over the edge. She had wanted to gasp and moan loudly as she came, but Mrs. Baye had closed off the girl's mouth with her lips again, and no sound had escaped. The voluptuous woman had stroked herself until her husband had shot his load deep inside the young girl. Then she had exited the room and left the awkward post-coital conversation to her man.

While Ashley had taken a hot shower, she had hoped that one of them, or both, would come after her, for a second round of fun. But no such luck. Later she had wondered how often the kinky couple did something like that, and whether she occasionally brought home young, easily impressed boys, and made him watch. The dirty pervert had sat there and masturbated to the sight of her husband fucking a kid who could have been their daughter.

For the rest of the week, Ashley hadn't been able to get one thought out of her head: She and Mrs. Baye would look marvelous together in bed. Their naked bodies snuggled up together, legs intertwined, arms wrapped around each other, relaxing after an afternoon of sweet, tender lovemaking. The contrast between their skin tones would paint a perfect picture. A little milk in her coffee. Maybe the opportunity would arise one day, preferably without male interference.

When her mind returned to the present, Ashley again had to think about the fact that she had not orgasmed in seven days. Was is even possible not to come for a week? It seemed highly unlikely she would ever be able to show such restraint, yet here she was. The crotch of her jeans was soaking wet already, and beginning to get sticky. And she hadn't lost a single drop of pee, it was all just pure lust.

She made her way through the hall and into lecture theater three. She found a place in the second row, so her lower body wouldn't be exposed to the eyes of professor DeBiasi, should she want to twitch and fidget and cross her legs a little. When she bent at the hips to sit down, the belt painfully rode into her bladder. Very enjoyable, but very taxing. Her pelvic floor hated her right now.

People where filling in slowly. It didn't look like too many students would come. Finals were over, it was the last session of Statistics 101, and all the professor had announced for today was that they would go over some of the answers to the test and chat about their plans for the summer. A slow day. The lecture hall was almost comically large for the number of attendees, but when DeBiasi walked in, he didn't seem to be bothered by the lack of faces present. He was a very sweet elderly gentleman, relatable, and able to make his topic clear and interesting to the students.

Well, as interesting as mathematics got for most people. He knew the low attendance was a function of the date, not a comment on his character. They only took about half an hour to discuss the more difficult parts of the test they had taken the other day. Ashley had found it easy, but having the confirmation she got all of it right was nice to hear nonetheless. Then they launched directly into the 'how to have fun this summer' part and spent the entire rest of the time on this topic. When one of the students mentioned a beach vacation in Florida, the professor relayed a few hilarious stories from his surfing days, a long, long time ago. Ashley took great care not to laugh to hard. Time passed quickly, the pressure in her lower abdomen grew, and when it was all over after two hours, and DeBiasi had left, her thighs were getting numb.

Leaving behind her stuff to reserve a place, Ashley slid out of the row of seats, got up, and left the room on stiff legs. She was feeling a little peckish. She stuffed a bill into the vending machine in the hallway and got herself two bottles of coke. She started slowly sipping away at the cloyingly sweet beverage. It didn't take long for her blood sugar to rise into a more healthy range, and soon her kidneys would notice there was work to be done, too. They would produce more of the wonderful liquid that brought her such joy.

A few more people had joined them for the next lecture, the room didn't look quite as deserted anymore. Professor Smith was an insufferable bitch with a monotone speaking voice, but she did announce she would give a short introduction to her evolution course for next semester, and it would be in the best interest of every biology major not to miss it.

At least in Ashley's case, this turned out not to be true. Nothing new, and nothing that couldn't be learned in an hour online. The material wasn't even structured enough to serve as a valid introduction for someone new to the topic. And of course, it was presented with all the charm and finesse you could expect. This woman might as well have been replaced with Microsoft Sam reading a Wikipedia article start to finish, and all that her students would have noticed would have been the slightly lower-pitched voice. “Now, if we consider these selection factors independently of each other...” Ashley's bladder cramped. She groaned.

“Yes, Miss Calder, you've got any input?”

“Um... no, Professor.”

“Then maybe you want to refrain from interrupting my lecture. You are not alone in this room, and some people want to learn. As I was saying...”

Yep, insufferable, through and through. Yet, if she had wanted to come home with Ashley and have a little fun, she would have been up for it. Provided she would have accepted to be gagged with a dirty sock before Ashley went down on her. She would render her catatonic with her tongue. This poor excuse for a teacher was a total jerk, but she did have a nice skinny body that age hadn't totally ruined yet. The shape that was visible under the pencil skirt and expensive blazer was quite okay. Oh god, what was she thinking?

Ashley tried to focus on the actual subject matter at hand, but that was of no help, since the professor kept droning on about sexual selection.

“The question of what survival advantage sexual reproduction has exactly, has not been answered conclusively. One possible explanation is offered by the so-called 'Red Queen Hypothesis', derived from the fictional character in Alice in Wonderland, who stated...”

'Has no one ever considered that sex is just fun as hell? I would make the Red Queen my little bitch. I would screw the cards right out of that stupid dress. Plus, if I'm not getting laid today, I'm going to die of frustration.'

“Unlike the human female, who menstruates, most mammals have an estrous cycle, which means they will be in heat for a limited amount of time. A few of the reproductive issues that follow from this fact are...”

'But I am in heat', Ashley thought. 'I'm definitely in heat. Not just in heat, I'm on fire. I'm just an animal. Oh yes, a wild, untamed animal.' Her hands wanted to wander down, slip into her waistband, play with her clitoris. She could barely contain herself. She gripped the back of the seat in front of her, held on so hard, her knuckles turned white.

Somehow she made it through the entire lecture. And despite of the full liter of cola she had drunk over the last two hours, not a single drop had escaped.

Finally it was time to return home. There she would find two kinds of relief. Ashley's hips were swinging a little less on the way out of the building than they did on the way in. She just had to tune it down a bit, she was approaching her absolute physical limit.

She stopped to admire herself in the big window front of the chemistry labs. She smiled, and her reflection smiled back at her. The picture of a sexy young woman, with no regard for modesty. This campus was full of skimpy hot pants and low-cut tops. Going by just the surface area of visible skin, what she was wearing was almost conservative by comparison. But clothing could be revealing in many different ways. Her nipples could cut glass, she wondered if they were about to poke two small holes into the shirt. And these jeans contoured her lower section perfectly, displaying her rear and long legs.

'What a slutty outfit', she thought. Not that this adjective carried any emotional meaning for her otherwise. Promiscuity and showing off were perfectly fine with her. After all, what was a slut, if not simply a woman with the morals of a man? No ethical issues whatsoever. The simple truth was: Calling herself a tramp turned her on. Of course, this was nothing that a proper young lady should be turned on by, and this turned her on even more.

'Look at you! Exposing yourself in public, just like that. You have no shame, you filthy little whore! You are so naughty, someone oughta spank you! Oh yes, spank you hard, make your bottom burn, and then...' Her bladder chose this moment to try and expel its contents. Her lower body cramped, and she bent forward, jamming both hands into her crotch, pressing the denim against her pee hole. The movement yanked the seam across her swollen clitoris once more. For a few seconds, she saw stars, just standing there, frozen in position, desperately trying to neither pee nor come.

She slowly came back to her senses, carefully straightened out, and looked around. A few people were glancing in her direction, but no one seemed to have stopped to watch the show. Now she had just to make her way back to her room. She was stopped by a whirlwind.

“Hey Ash!” Her friend Cynthia, of all people. A small, bubbly blonde, hyperactive like a squirrel on crack cocaine. The type of girl who would never walk anywhere she could run. Bursting with energy. As opposed to Ashley, who was bursting with other stuff.

“Are you coming?”

“Uh, coming...” It took Ashley a second to realize she hadn't been busted. The question was a lot less suggestive than it first appeared. Cynthia was dressed in running shorts and carrying her gym bag. “Oh, right, practice. No, I've called in sick.” That was the truth. Last week, while returning home slightly drunk, she had twisted an ankle trying to skip a few meters through the bushes at the side of the parking lot. It was fine know, the swelling had only lasted for a day or so, but she still had opted out of track and field for the week. Better not overextend herself.

Cynthia puckered her lips. “Ash, why don't you come and watch us from the bench? Just for solidarity, come on!”

Ashley hesitated for a moment. She had just realized that the 24 hour mark had passed unnoticed. A whole day of boiling piss was straining against her sphincter now. Never before had she held it this long. Quite an accomplishment, but she could absolutely not afford to keep herself away from the toilet for another two hours. No way she would walk away from this with her dignity intact. It was impossible. She shouldn't do it. “Of course honey, you know I love you guys. Anything to spend time with you.”

“Don't be an ass, are you coming or not.”

“Yes, I'm coming.” She hadn't even finished the sentence, and Cynthia had already taken off. This girl had no patience whatsoever. Ashley followed with somewhat more careful steps.

The south field was the smaller of two sports facilities owned by the university. The larger one was the football stadium at the other end of campus. 'Stadium' was maybe overstating it a bit, it was a football field with a few rows of seats, but still, it was a lot more impressive and better funded than south field, which was basically an afterthought. Not that Ashley was bitter about the fact that the other sports had to make due with less, the budget wasn't unlimited, and it was all a matter of priorities. And she had spent quite a few hours watching both the football team and the cheerleading squad train. She usually wore a jersey and did a bit of cheering on her own. Not for school spirit, but for more carnal reasons.

Huge, hulking men, foaming with testosterone, were nice too look at. Cheerleaders, even more so. Jumping, contortions, cute little skirts flapping in the breeze. A shame their uniform called for full-coverage panties. Not that she would ever consider to try cheerleading herself. She was neither very flexible, nor partial to dancing, never mind her lack of coordination. But all these tasty, fit girls made her mouth water. She had stopped coming to the stadium after she had managed to sleep with a football player or two. Okay, probably more like five or six. It had been an interesting experience, but nothing to write home about. What she had really wanted, was a cheerleader. And they were hard, on account of meeting every stereotype on the book. Hot, but bitchy, obsessed with their reputation, holier-than-thou, and usually the trophy girlfriend to one of the players. How very annoying. They were lots of easier girls to be had.

Like some of the ladies Ashley was ogling right now, from the coaching bench at south field. Of course, she hadn't come for solidarity, she had come for the view. Watching the training on a warm summer day was a dangerous idea. So many spandex shorts, only two eyes! Sweaty girls all over the place. She had to be careful not to throw out her neck staring. She wouldn't have minded if the team's two male members had participated as well, but both of them had gone home already. They, too, were pretty handsome. Oh well, the girls were plenty hot enough. She tried not to move her legs too much, to minimize stimulation, but to no avail. You try not to wriggle around while bursting at the seams, I dare you!

And Coach Baye was there, too. She decided to have a little fun, see if she could throw him off guard. She first looked into his face, made sure he saw where her eyes were pointing. Then she stared intensely at the crotch of his trunks. He blushed and turned away. Oh yes, he would probably remember this one evening last week for the rest of his life. A total win. Ashley smiled, then she returned to the eye candy on on the field.

There was this tall brunette, whose name escaped her right now. She had an impressive bosom, for such a lanky girl. She had fixed it in place with a green sports bra, which also happened to be the only top she was wearing. There was still quite a bit of jiggling. Being so well-endowed couldn't really be comfortable, but it sure looked good. Miss Future Lower Back Problems was running laps, and every time she passed the bench, Ashley's mouth started making motorboat noises.

It was an open training session, and most of the team just did a little light cardio. No additional equipment was in use, and the jump pit stayed covered. Coach Baye was standing there with his stopwatch and would occasionally call out a number. Even today, during the last training session of the semester, with the girls mainly just messing around, everyone was running times that were absolutely unreachable for Ashley. They were just zipping by. Ashley was easily the worst sprinter on the team. Not nearly enough muscle mass, way to little power. But the longer the distance got, the more she started to shine. 2000 meters were a start. 5000, even better. At 10 k, she would leave everyone behind, wheezing, while she would steadily keep her pace. She was absolutely unbeatable at half-marathon. And one of these days, she would enter one, with a day's worth of boiling piss inside of her. Oh yes, it would be living hell, and absolute heaven at the same time.

Ashley absently-minded twirled her hair around her finger, until she realized that she could, well, twirl her hair around her finger. A long, smooth strand. 'So now you decide to comply? You ethnically confused waste of keratin. Go die in a fire!'

After not quite two hours, the coach called an end to the training session, and to a very successful semester for the whole team. There was a bit of cheering and applause for self-motivation, and then the girls, all still in their sport clothes, aggregated around the picnic tables at the edge of the field, to celebrate the end of the season. They had set out some food and socialized a little. They did this regularly; in fact, their big summer barbecue was legendary. You wouldn't believe the amount of meat a bunch of young girls can destroy. A lot of protein for after workout.

Ashley rose from the bench, slowly, with a very focussed expression. She had to clench down so hard, she was afraid her lips she might cut trough the denim like a pair of scissors. She approached the rest of the team with very cautious steps. Maybe 'painstaking' was a better word, because there was pain involved. There was an entire ocean inside of her, and tidal waves were hitting her dyke with full force. She usually preferred a different kind of dyke.

By the time she made it to the picnic area, Coach Baye had just finished saying his goodbye for the summer, and the girls took their turn doing the same to him.

“Bye coach.”

“See you.”

“Have a nice summer.” Ashley couldn't stop herself. “And my regards to your wife.” He didn't just blush, he went beet red, turned around, and walked away. She just hoped she had turned him on enough to go straight home and fuck that lovely pervert of a milf. Cynthia had noticed something. “What was that about?”

“What?”

“'My regards to your wife.' What the hell is that supposed to mean. You two got a secret code or something?”. Ashley shook her head. “No, she's a really nice woman, I just want him to say hello to her for me.” That was at least half of the truth.

Cynthia didn't seem convinced, but she dropped the topic. “So, you'll join us for a snack?”

“Nah, I got stuff to do. Plus, I didn't bring any food. I don't want to leech off you guys. But if you have a soda for me, I'll stay for a few minutes.” She absolutely did not need any more fluids in her. Her bladder made this perfectly clear, with insistent burning and throbbing. Which of course meant that she did need more fluids in her.

Ashley did her best to make idle conversation with her teammates, but found it very hard to focus on chit-chat, when she needed all her concentration to keep herself from fidgeting too much. Then Cynthia seemed to remember something. “Wait a moment...” She dug through her bag, then produced a crumpled flyer. “I saw this the other day, thought it would be right up your alley.”

It was an advertisement for a 15 km road run next month. That was indeed right up her alley, and since she didn't plan on going home, that sounded like as good an opportunity as any, to live out her fantasy. “Huh. Yeah. Tell you what, Cindy, we both register and do it together.” Cynthia shook her head. “Not for a 15k. I haven't trained. Not everyone is a fucking running machine like you, Ash. You got the heart of an ox, or something.”

“You've got quite the powerful little engine there yourself!” She playfully smacked her friend on the rear. Perfectly innocent. At least she hoped that was what it looked like. The quarter of a second her hand had spend on Cynthia's buttocks, already had her wanting more. Cynthia giggled and twisted her butt out of reach. 'What would happen if I just grabbed her and threw her onto a table', Ashley pondered. 'Flat on her back, legs spread wide. The best position to feel her up. What is the minimum sentence for sexual assault in this state, anyway? Probably totally worth it.' Idle thoughts, without any real intention behind them. But just the mental image...

She caught herself salivating and had to swallow. 'Stop it, you skank!' she called herself out. Thankfully, Cynthia seemed to be totally oblivious and changed the topic.

Time passed slowly. Every second was pure torture. Almost empty soda in her left, Ashley studied the inviting door of the ladies' room, just to the side of the picnic area. Her fantasizing about relief was interrupted by Cynthia's voice once again. “Hey Ash, got knocked up lately?” She glanced down. Her bulge was so clearly protruding over her waistband now, she looked positively pregnant. Thankfully, her desperation didn't affect her wit. “Yeah, by your dad. Your mom doesn't know yet, we've been meaning to tell her.”

Cynthia found that pretty funny. “Haha, screw you!”

“Oh, I will”, Ashley muttered under her breath. “What was that now?”

“Oh, nothing. Yeah, I guess I look a little bloated. Truth be told, I really gotta take a whizz. Excuse me.” And with these word, she finished her drink, placed the bottle on the table, got up and walked over to the restroom. Calmly, like a lady.

She closed the door of the small single bathroom behind her, trying to ignore the battle that was raging between her muscles and gallons of piss. She looked into the mirror over the sink. 'You pathetic little weakling!', she scolded herself. 'No self-control! Squirming in front of your friends! Showing off your bladder! Are you fishing for sympathy? Behave like a woman, you fucking wimp!'

Seeking to punish herself for her lack of discipline, she sat down on the closed lid, legs spread apart as far as they would go. She took a nice, long pretend pee. 'Ah, how relaxing.' She didn't manage to convince herself of that for one second. Her body had never so desperately wanted to get rid of a giant load of liquid waste as it did now. Sitting there without voiding a drop was the hardest thing she had ever done. And also the most arousing.

She could still see herself in the mirror. God, she was hot! If she had a twin sister, there would be a lot of wild, naughty incest going on in this family, for sure. The constant stream of perverted sexual thoughts didn't stop for a second. Most of the things running through her head were just so plainly wrong. So wrong, it called for an additional penalty.

She reached for her belt, held on to the short end, and pulled with all her strength. The prong slipped out of the hole, and the sheer pressure of her bulge wanted to pull the leather out of the buckle. She didn't allow it. She yanked on it with all she had, and managed to tighten it one more notch. Agony, and lust, nothing else. Bright colors, exploding stars, hammering noises. Her vision cleared slowly, and the was still dry, somehow, but the hammering was still there. Apparently, it was real. Someone was knocking, no, pounding, on the door. “Oh god, hurry up, I'm going to explode!”

'And I am not? Get a grip on yourself, girl!' That wasn't what she said, though. “Hang on, I'm just gonna need a minute.”

“Please! I don't have a minute!”

Ashley didn't hurry. If she could stand it, others should be able to behave themselves as well. She got up from the toilet, inspected her pelvis in the mirror. The tightened belt had the one advantage of making her look slightly less ballooned. She might just get away with pretending to have peed. To make the illusion complete, the washed her hands, winced when the warm water flowed around her fingers. Then the inspiration hit her. She leaned forward, drank directly from the tab, swallowed and swallowed, until she couldn't fit another drop. Her back teeth were floating. After carefully drying her hands and mouth with a few paper towels, she finally unlocked the door.

The busty brunette from earlier pushed past her, shoved her out of the way, and slammed the door shut in Ashley's face. Through the thin wood came the sound of the lid being thrown open, and a butt dropping onto the seat. Then she heard the other girl piss an absolute gusher. It was hell on her tortured sphincter, but the thought of piss spewing out of the hot body turned her on even more. But what didn't turn her on today? Her libido was stuck in overdrive.

She couldn't put it off for another minute. She was way past her limit now, and the situation was turning into an emergency. She said a quick goodbye, hugged Cynthia while barely able to keep her hands to herself, waved to the other girls, and left them to their little party.

She hastily waddled away from the athletics field, her sexy walk was gone. The way across campus back to the dorm seemed a mile long. Well, it was about a mile, so this figure of speech didn't work exactly. It was a long way, let's leave it at that. When she rounded the corner of the lab building, where Cynthia had caught her, she was making engine noises again. But this time she wasn't a motor boat, she was a super tanker full of liquid, huge-ass diesel engine, vrooom, vrooom. Her mind was getting silly, but she couldn't help herself. Hours of ignoring her body's natural needs took their toll.

Ashley was a bit disappointed to go home alone. She could really use the company of another girl. No, not a girl, an experienced woman would be even better. Someone who knew exactly what buttons to push. Mrs. Baye, maybe. Shit, that women had shoved her tongue down her throat and touched her all over, and she didn't even know her first name! She had to gather all her strength not to jam both hands between her legs. Whether to hold or masturbate, she wasn't sure. Probably both.

The last hundred meters were more difficult than the entire day, and the short dorm hallway was the hardest walk of her life. Then she was standing in front her room door, and fiddled with the keys, hands shaking. It was difficult to find the damn hole, and once she had it, it was almost impossible to get the angle right and shove the damn thing in. Not unlike the experience of a teenage boy losing his virginity; something Ashley had been witness to a dozen times. Another reason to prefer girls. Finally she had the right key, and it slid in all the way. The lock turned, the door opened, closed again behind her, and she leaned against it, taking five seconds to catch her breath. Alone at last.

After six hours of perpetual desperation and arousal, she finally couldn't take it anymore. She had to touch herself now!

She stumbled into the bathroom, with barely enough presence of mind to switch on the light. She winced when the toilet came into her field of view, white and inviting, but she didn't have time to stop and ponder urination. The door slammed shut. In this windowless cell, no one could hear her scream. And scream she would. She collapsed onto the floor.

Her nervous hands found the belt, and for the second time in thirty minutes, she had to pull on it with everything left in her arms. It tightened, only for a tenth of a second, then it yanked itself loose, as if under spring tension. In a manner of speaking, it was; all the force had to go somewhere. Her bladder distended to basketball size. She sighted. The sudden lack of compression made her desperation marginally easier to take. The button came off on it's own, the waist of the jeans wasn't cut for pregnant women or holding prodigies. The zipper didn't put up a fight, either. Compared to all the struggle with stupid belt, the jeans were easy to slide over her butt and bring down to the mid of her thighs. The seam peeled out from the wetness between her lips. She imagined to hear a faint pop, like that of a suction cup pulled off a surface. Fresh cool air hit her overheated genitals.

Ashley primed herself by slapping between her legs with her right, hard. She yelped, the pain was exquisite, never had a human being been so aroused.

Her hands developed a live of their own, caressing her bulge. A delicious feeling of fullness and barely constrained sexual energy. Nothing else seemed to exist in the world. Her left pushed down on her bladder, her sphincter clenched in white hot pain. It hurt, but it hurt so good! She left the hand exactly where it was, exerting subtle but continuous pressure. Her free right reached for her happy place. Her vulva was radiating heat. She gently separated her labia with two fingers, pushed the hood out of the way with her thumb. She was so open, so vulnerable. The bulb her clitoris was fully exposed. Swollen, wet and glistening, but also red and irritated, like she had expected. Now it was in for a treat.

Ashley went at it with full force. She didn't go easy on her clit. That stupid thing had been driving her crazy for the last six hours, it was just begging for punishment. She started with the thumb, and that was good. Then she rubbed it with her entire hand, which was amazing. Then she put more and more strength into it, first using the whole arm, then the muscles in her shoulder as well. Her brain was swimming in hormones. Soft moans turned into deep grunts. Her higher cognitive functions were gone. No longer a sophisticated young woman with the brilliant mind of a scientist. Her mental state was akin that of a farm animal, getting fucked silly for breeding in a pen. No reason, mere instincts.

She came without warning. The first climax of the day hit her with the brutal efficiency of a sledgehammer. It was sudden, harsh, and over quickly. The sensation shot through her in one powerful jolt, stripped her of all control over her muscles, and just like that, her floodgates gave way.

It started with one small spurt. Then a pause. Then all hell broke loose. From one millisecond to the next, there was a fountain. Liters of foaming piss gushed out of her. The pressure was so massive, the stream wasn't even stopped completely by the densely woven fabric in front of her crotch. It bridged the few centimeters of a gap, hit the denim, loosing only a fraction of its volume in drops that fell down onto her thighs and tickled her were she had been rubbing seconds earlier, and passed cleanly through her pants, rising a good distance, before it splattered on the shower curtain. She was piss.ing right through her jeans, which were only soaking slowly. The warmth and wetness spread from her groin, to her butt, slowly running down her legs.

She shivered and moaned. Finally letting go was intense. It felt better than any pee she had ever had before. For a few seconds, she wasn't sure if she had simply come again, but no, it was a different, if equally epic, type of relief. A massive lake started to form, while she was still going. She didn't know how long she peed, but it seemed like eons, and it was amazing. The stream subsided gradually, until she was no longer shooting right through her pants, her urine now running down her body, following gravity and seeping out at the bottom. She cut it off with the last bit of willpower she had. Maybe she wasn't quite done with it yet, but it was time to move on.

She didn't stop to admire the impressive amount of pee that had been stored inside of her. She pressed her index finger against her vaginal opening. Then the middle finger. Slowly, ever so slowly, she pushed them into her love canal. Oh, she was tight! No wonder men thought so highly of her body. The amount of stimulation she could provide had to be mind-blowing. She faintly remembered that women were actually supposed to get looser the more excited they got. Apparently that wasn't the case now. She had to put effort into working her fingers in and out of herself. One hand fucking herself hard, the other playing with her knob. No, not playing, fighting. Beating it up. Trying to catch it on fire. She again put the strength of a whole arm into it. 'Oh sweet dancing Jesus on a...'

Now she did scream, at the top of her lungs, without catching a breath. Tears rolled down her cheeks. She didn't even notice. This orgasm wasn't hard and quick, like the one before. It rippled through her in waves, came in circles, in ups and downs, like a ride on a roller coaster. Her cervix puckered. All her nerves seemed to fire at once. Tiny residual spurts of pee squirted out of her with every contraction of her muscles. Her hips bucked, her butt was lifted off the ground, dropped back into the puddle, urine splashed everywhere, the soaked denim made squishing noises as her entire body convulsed. Her vagina clenched down so hard on her fingers, for just a moment she feared to have broken something. Not even for a split second did she think to stop. 'Ecstasy' didn't even come close to describe what she was feeling. She knew for certain that this amount of pleasure would kill her, would tear her apart. But she wanted more, more, it was never enough.

But as much as she wanted to, she couldn't carry on like that right away. The last climax had completely knocked the wind out of her. She was gasping for air, her heart was racing, even her diaphragm ached. This was the most intense workout she had ever done, no amount of cardio had prepared her for it. She laid back, just for a minute, giving her cells a chance to replenish their oxygen supply. Her lungs pumped, her heart pounded. She pulled the fingers out of herself, lazily raised them to her mouth and tasted her own juices. A delicious mixture of salts and pheromones. Then she reached down into the wet mess, pulled, pushed and wiggled. With considerable difficulty, she managed to get the tight, sticky jeans all the way down to her knees. She wanted free access to larger parts of her body.

The fire in her loins had barely died down, only her mind was a little clearer now. Round three, fight! This time she took three fingers. Index, middle, and ring. She didn't push them in gently, the roughly shoved them up the tube. She doubted any girl had ever been as well-lubricated as she was right now, but it was still a very tight fit. She whimpered in pain as the tissue stretched, but didn't show herself any mercy. She didn't deserve mercy. Her thumb did what it did best, going to town on her clit, occasionally, painfully, reaching out to the side, pinching her labia. Within seconds, her arousal shot through the roof again.

She realized something. Maybe she was enjoying herself a little too much. For the first time in her life, she didn't masturbate to the mental image of another person. She diddled herself to the feeling of her own body. Her free hand ran up and down the length of her slender frame. Down her smooth thighs to her knees, up again, beautiful legs, all slim and shapely, her hips, the crest of her pelvis, pinching her buttocks, further up, narrow waist, toned stomach, higher, cupping her breasts under the cotton of her shirt, playing with her nipples. Everything was firm and taut, the only soft places she could find were the gentle mounds on her chest. Her body was the perfect sex toy, carefully conditioned and exercised to provide nothing but pleasure.

A source of pure joy for herself. Oh, sure, others liked it, too. Men whistled and lusted after her, women wanted her, but that was all secondary use. There was no need to share with anyone. This perfect little love doll existed just to please herself. A self-suficient perpetual sex machine. There was no one else involved in this solo session, not even in her head. She turned herself on beyond belief. This was egocentric, egotistical, extremely self-indulgent. Not the mark of a great character. And the thought of this got her even hotter. 'Ashley Robin Calder! You are a terrible person. A really bad, bad girl. You little, kinky...'

Just then, with her thumb still working her clitoris, the tip of her middle finger gently brushed against her G-spot. The world ended in a nuclear explosion.

She woke up because she was getting cold. The liquid she was lying in had gone down to room temperature, the cool tiles in her back acted as an efficient heat sink, sucking the warmth out of her.

But the cold wasn't the strongest sensation. It was the smell. It smelled quite nice, actually. Not the sour odor of stale piss. No, it was the sweet, musky aroma of bed sheets after a night of girl-on-girl fun. The lovely combination of vaginal fluids, fresh sweat, and fleeting passion.

She could not have been out of it for too long. Her private parts were still hot, swollen and tender. Then again, maybe that wasn't too good of an indicator. She would probably be raw for days. Maybe she would wear a nice summer dress, and a comfortable, soft pair of cotton panties.

She needed to do so many things. Mob away the puddle, scrub the entire bathroom to get rid of all the tiny droplets of pee she had flung around. Wash her jeans, clean herself up. No pair of trousers had ever needed the washing machine so badly, no body had ever been in such dire need of a shower. She needed to prepare herself a decent meal, she was starving. And sleep. She needed to go to bed now. Yes, sleep, most important point on the list. Everything else could be taken care of tomorrow.

She had trouble standing up. Her feet were bound together by the jeans, her hands slipped on the wet floor. She kicked off everything in a series of uncoordinated moves, jeans, shoes, socks, somehow she worked herself out of it, until she was left in nothing but the shirt. Urine was forming tiny beads on her shins. She almost got up, slipped again, nearly hit her head on the sink, and finally made it onto her feet on the third try. Her feet splashed around in a pond of pee as she shambled to the door. She managed to turn off the light, close the bathroom behind her, and made it almost to the edge of the thick rug they had put down on the hardwood floor.

Then there was no strength left in her legs. She stumbled, fell to her knees, and crawled the last meter to her bed. Pulling herself onto the mattress and getting under the blanket proved to be hard labor. She gave a passing thought to the fact that now she would have to wash the sheets, too.

It was barely even 8 AM, still light out, but what did it matter? Her bed had never felt so soft, warm, and comfortable, and she had never been as tired as she was now. All her muscles ached, but they were also all completely relaxed. She was thoroughly exhausted and utterly satisfied. Her mind started to drift off.

The last conscious thought that ran through Ashley's head was how lucky she was. All by herself, she had just lived through the most amazing sexual experience of her young life. And all it would take to repeat it, was a week of abstinence, a full bladder, and the rough seam of her favorite pair of jeans.

*003*2017-03-21 17:30

Glad you liked it.

Reading it again, I thought that maybe I'm trying too hard...

*007*2018-08-04 14:41

{{

13 hours ago, FullBladder85 said:

It's called being such a big perfectionist that you hardly ever publish new content.

}}

Bwahahaha, I wish!

The reason I have not published anything in months is simple:

I have not written anything.

I was lazy and making excuses. Good excuses (got married, moved over the Atlantic twice, and I actually have something of a career going now), but excuses nonetheless.

Glad you folks like it. There is another chapter forthcoming. Based on an idea sirrliv had about a year ago. But first I have to do three weeks of business travel, and then [enter more excuses here].
