Teyvat's​ diary

Author: Rune Vesgina

*000*2021-07-18 11:08

This is the first fan fiction story after being away for almost a year. If there is any mistake, I apologize here.

Teyvat's diary 1

The bright morning air of the Teyvat continent and the wind swaying through the Mondstadt, the city of freedom, eula lawrence, the eldest daughter of the lawrence family. Received a mission from Grand Master Jean to wipe out the large fatui camp at the dragonspine.

Eula prepares his belongings and goes to the dragon spine and at the moment he is about to reach the entrance to Mondstadt Sara, the owner of the Mondstadt Good hunter restaurant, waved to the Spindrift Knight."Hey Eula!" The Spindrift Knight followed the voice calling for her. "I heard you're going on a mission to dragonspine, right?" Eula nodded in response with a moment of curiosity. Sara held out a cloth bag from the lunchbox. "Amber has ordered food for you for a long journey." The Spindrift Knight picked up the lunch box Sara handed over and said, "She ordered rice without me asking? *Huh, this resentment I'll remember." After Eula picked up Sara's lunchbox, She walked past the city entrance, and the guards at the entrance paid their respects to the Spindrift Knight. "Have a safe, miss" Eula respectfully replied to the guard and continued on.

@@on the journey Eula was able to travel without malfunction an hour after leaving Mondstadt. Eula saw the little tent that Spindrift Knight had laid out and said to herself. " Rest for a bit." Then Eula settled in her tent drank the drink and ate the lunch box Amber ordered for her for ten minutes. Eula decides to continue her journey.

An hour and a half after leaving Mondstadt Eula began to feel a spasm in her bladder and five minutes later she started twitching again. Eula realized that she hadn't been to the bathroom since she woke up. And she was furious at herself for having time to prepare before going on a mission but not completing a personal mission before leaving her room. Spindrift Knight speaks to herself angrily at her carelessness. "I think I'll finish my mission and get to use the bathroom in time."

Half an hour later, Eula arrived at the entrance to the Dragonspine. Spindrift Knight stroked her thigh slightly and said to Ton herself, "Come on, Eula, daughter of the Lawrence family. You can't pee yourself here.” And Eula returned in a calm position and went to Fatui's camp.The cold air in the dragonspine Make Spindrift's Bladder Knight was twice as twitchy. Eula grabbed her crotch with one hand to safety and continued her journey, and ten minutes later Eula reached her desired destination. At the camp, there were at least ten fatui forces, Spindrift Knight abandoned her demands and analyzed the different positions and methods of fighting.when the decision is made Eula proceeded to implement her plan and spent about half an hour successfully suppressing Fatui's camp. Spindrift Knight sighed at her completed mission and prepared to return to Mondstadt. Eula stretches and leaves the Dragonspine.

After Eula came out of the Dragonspine entrance camp area Having come a long way, she thought of the needs of her body and it almost doubled back Once again, she was angry at herself for not using the restroom at the camp. Eula put her hand on her crotch and took a short stride to avoid leaking into her black shorts.

Spindrift Knight tried to avoid hilichrul's camp. To avoid a collision and a leak to her panties and two hours later Eula was able to reach the bridge in front of Mondstadt without a single leak, she was surprised and grateful for the time. the same that does not cause a distant leak however, Eula's demands did not decrease at all. She walked slowly and steadily across the bridge to find the gates of Freedom City. During the bridge crossing, a small stream of urine rushed into Spindrift Knight's panties. Eula held her crotch harder to stop the leak. Flow this time and move on.

The same gatekeeper as before, salutes Spindrift. Knight again when she reached the entrance to Mondstadt. Eula tried to be as dignified and calm as possible so that they would not be aware of her dire situation, however, she had to bend over to prevent things from happening, and respectfully responded to the guards and walked over out of their sight

But alas, Sara waved to the desperate young knight, "Hey! Eula" looks like Spindrift. Knight had to keep his hand away from her crotch for a moment and walked towards the source of her call.“How was the mission?” Sara asked Eula with a smiling face. Eula bent over and handed an empty lunch box to Sara."E.... Everything is fine and here is your box...... " Sara saw the strange symptoms of Spindrift. Knight couldn't help but ask, "What's going on? Why are you looking weird?" Eula flinched slightly, and the bigger stream of urine rushed into her panties again, but she managed to stop it.

"I....... I'm fine.." Eula replied to Sara as she began to bend even more. "You look like someone who wants to...... While Sara was still speaking her sentence, she hadn't finished yet. Eula cuts out Sara's speech, "S...... I'm sorry, I have to report the mission to Grand Master." As soon as Spindrift Knight finished speaking, she walked out, her body still bent even more. Sara waved goodbye without saying goodbye.

@@Eula walked to the knight's office without further leaks, she entered the building without a problem, but the room where she was staying was on the second floor, she had no way to go up to the second floor because of the needs of her body. She is now, so the bathroom closest to her right now would be the bathroom in the hall. Eula rushed to the bathroom when she was in front of the bathroom and was about to move the knob. "It doesn't move.""I have it." A voice from the other side of the door let Eula know that the person who was occupying the bathroom she wanted was her partner Amber. Eula kept dancing and praying that Amber would come out soon. Ten minutes later, Amber hadn't come out yet. Spindrift needs Knight grew more and more and her muscles began to give up and leak big again.Eula tried his best, but it wasn't good enough. Finally, the dam at Spindrift Knight, trying to hold back, burst out, peeing through the black shorts and Eula's hands flowing down her legs and forming a large puddle under her feet. Eula let out a huge sigh as she surrendered to her bladder. The hissing sound was loud for about three minutes, then started to subside and went off about a minute later. Eula began to examine the damage to her clothes, fortunately her black pants were able to cover up the wet marks, making it difficult to notice.

And a moment later, the sound of the bathroom door unlocking sounded and it was opened, and the person who opened it was Amber, as expected. "Oh! Eula." Eula only gave a small smile to cover his shyness She rushed to her room and yelled at Amber, “This resentment I will remember! Eula went into her room and cleaned the bathroom and fell asleep for her exhausted day.

As for whether there will be a next episode, hmmm, I've figured out the story and will post more. Thank you to everyone who came to read my fanfiction. ^^

*001*2021-07-20 10:43

Teyvat's diary2

On a cloudless morning that obscured the bright sun and the crowded atmosphere, Liyue Ying'er opened the doors of her perfume shop, Scent of Spring, to kick off today's work. Ying'er has many perfume orders today. Today seemed to be a hard day for her, but she continued to work.

Ying'er began extracting a substance from a flower, the windwheel aster, a flower that only grows in Mondstadt. She had never used this to make a perfume before, but she believed it would work great for her clients. Ying'er couldn't wait to grind it into a perfume.Windwheel grinding aster takes quite a long time to get the right substance in perfumery. Ying'er spent over an hour grinding and she was content to water her next step.

The next step is to boil the water. Ying'er picked up a bucket to draw water and boiled it to evaporate and obtain the perfume. Ying'er walked to a well near her shop, along the way some merchants greeted her from time to time. "Your perfume hasn't changed at all." Ying'er giggled before continuing. After walking for a while, Ying'er felt a twitch in her bladder.

Ying'er suddenly realized that she hadn't been to the bathroom since this morning. Drinking eight glasses of water a day to nourish her skin before bed has affected her this time. Ying'er crossed her legs a little but was able to continue on to the well. Ying'er took a bucket full of water and was about to go to the stove she had prepared. Along the way, the sound of water moving in the bucket made Ying'er unable to think of her body's desires, but reached her destination without any leaks.

Ying'er poured water into the cauldron and lit the fire to boil the water. At this stage, Ying'er couldn't take his eyes off the stove because he had to control the fire all the time, otherwise the aroma would all disappear, so she couldn't get up. even for a minute "Wait until I finish this perfume and go to the bathroom," Ying'er murmured to herself, and was in charge of controlling the fire.

Half an hour passed, Ying'er couldn't stay still, now she switched positions every 5 seconds to avoid leakage, and half an hour later, a first stream of urine came rushing over to greet Ying's panties. 'er, but she managed to stop it. She still had hope because the perfume had already reached half the bottle. “Hurry up, hurry up. I can't stand it anymore,” Ying'er murmured as danced back and forth so that there would be no more leak in to her pants.

And half an hour later, all the perfume bottles were full, Ying'er put the perfume in her bag, put out the fire at the stove and rushed to the shop's bathroom as quickly as possible, but she couldn't run or she would lose all control. Ying'er tried to walk slowly and the next stream of urine came in again, Ying'er tensed and held her crotch for control and she was able to stop it.

Few more feet to Ying'er's safety point, but it didn't go as she had hoped. She leaked her panties again, but this time it was beyond Ying'er to bear. A hissing sound rang out from the pee. flowed down her pants Ying'er tried to hold her crotch tight but to no avail, her pee continued to ejaculate and the next minute was over. Ying'er sighed and took off her pants and panties, the wet mark on the extended along Ying'er's trouser legs she couldn't wear clothes like this to welcome her customers, so Ying'er took the wet pants to wash, but there was a girl's voice coming from the front of the store, "E........ Excuse me, is the perfume I ordered finished yet...... Ying'er hurriedly went to the counter without her pants on.

The source of the voice was Changchang, a girl who often plays pirates with her friends, "O.... Oh, it's done. Please wait a moment.” Ying'er picked up the perfume that was made today and handed it to Changchang. "I did it for you." Ying'er smiled at Changchang and didn't want this child to see her embarrassing state now. Changchang thanked her and walked away cheerfully. Ying'er, seeing her eyes averted, was relieved and said to herself, "Next time, I won't let something like this happen again."

*002*2021-07-23 08:13

Teyvat's diary 3

A warm afternoon and the abundance of nature in Teyvat. On the day of the task of suppressing the fatui's camp to Eula, Acting Grand Master Jean is now reading Mondstadt villagers' requests. Jean agrees to help everyone's request because she doesn't. dare to reject others who are in trouble"Looks like there's a lot to do today," Jean said to herself, leaving her office just making a request the villagers had sent.

The first request Jean will make is Michelle's request to observe the malfunction of the windmill,Jean reaching the target and seeing Michelle wave to her."Grand Master, would you mind looking at the malfunction of the wind mill? It hasn't been working since yesterday." Jean accepted this request and helped arrange it, after an hour the turbine was able to work again. "Thank you so much Jean, without you I don't know who to rely on," Michelle thanked Jean and Jean headed to help the next request.

The next villager Jean is going to help out is Margaret, the owner of Cat's Tail tavern. Jean approaches Margaret in a rush, "Oh Jean! The cats at my shop walked so far that I didn't even know where they were. Can you help me find them?” "Don't worry, I'll help you." Jean accepted Margaret's request and dispersed her efforts to find the cat.It took Jean almost two hours to find all the cats and return them to Margaret. "Thank you so much for helping me find my cat." Margaret thanked Jean dearly. Jean accepted his thanks and was going to help the next villager.

The next villager's request that Jean will go to do is Sara from the good hunter shop Jean goes to the good hunter shop and Sara is waiting for Jean to come to her "Oh! Jean, I've been waiting for the materials since yesterday, but until now it hasn't arrived. Could you go and see what happened to the delivery wagon?"

Jean accepted Sara's request and traveled to Windrise to see the situation of the delivery wagon. Jean had left Mondstadt for a while and she had a spasm in her bladder. Jean hasn't gone to the bathroom since entering the favonius knight's building, and after she gave Eula a quest, she made a request from the villagers. Jean stopped and squeezed her thighs together. No one could see her if she went to one of the bushes and released it, but Jean didn't want to do it due to the honor of the acting Grand Master. "After this mission, I'm going to the bathroom." Jean relaxed and continued walking to Windrise.

Jean reached Windrise and saw a herd of Hilichurl attacking the delivery wagon. Jean didn't hesitate to wipe out those Hilichurl herds and inspect the delivery wagons.Jean was able to easily wipe out the Hilichurl herd and inspect the wagon. "This should be the raw material Sara said, right?" And Jean saw a man who was probably a delivery man was protecting the wagon. "T...... .. Thank you very much for getting rid of those Hilichurls. Without you I wouldn't be able to send these items to Mondstadt.” Your courier said yours to Jean and sends them to Mondstadt.

Jean saw the material on the way to Mondstadt was relieved, but this relief was replaced by a leak in her panties. Jean got rid of the Hilichurl herd without thinking of her body's needs and now it's almost doubled. Jean moaned, clutching her crotch and hurried back to Mondstadt.

On the way back to Mondstadt, Dandelion Knight couldn't keep her hands off her crotch or a leak would occur, but even so, a stream of urine rushed into her panties. Jean stopped walking again to control her bladder and she was able to stop and resume Mondstadt. Jean was able to reach the gates of Mondstadt without further leaks. Jean was grateful for that, but if she hadn't rushed, the situation could have been more serious than a leak in the pants. Jean entered Mondstadt and hurried back to the Favonius Knights' Quarter. Sara, seeing Jean walking back, waved to Jean again. "Hey Jean, thanks for your help." Jean waved back to Sara's thanks, and urine streamed into her pants again. Jean grabbed her crotch and looked for an office. Now Jean needs a lot of release, even though her pants aren't dry.

Jean was able to reach the knight's office and quickly looked for the bathroom. Jean saw the bathroom she wanted and rushed over to it as Jean walked towards the bathroom door, but it was written on the door: "Cleaning up." "Looks like I'm going to have to wait." Jean had no choice but to wait and hurried back to her desk.Jean squirmed at her table and did whatever it took to not embarrass herself. Her bladder gradually bulged and her muscles gradually weakened. The leak happened again. Jean held her as tightly as possible and she managed to stop it.

Ten minutes passed. Jean couldn't wait for the toilet in the hallway to finish cleaning, so he hurriedly got out of her desk and ran to the bathroom at the library, but while Jean ran in the middle of her office, there was a big leak. A lunge at her pants and this time it was beyond the Dandelion Knights to resist. Jean's piss soaked through her white hands and pants. "I can't." Jean, realizing that she couldn't go to the bathroom wet herself, allowed the entire stream of urine to come out.

The hissing sounded for about two minutes and gradually faded away. Jean looked down at the damage to her pants. It can be clearly seen that it is wet. Jean opened the door of her room and saw that the hallway's bathroom was now usable. Jean rushed to the bathroom to clean her clothes and body. "Next time, I won't let this happen again." Jean said and came out of the bathroom and saw a puddle in front of her. "Eh? Whose pool is this?" Jean didn't notice the puddle that existed before she went to the bathroom, but Jean tried not to think about it and returned to her desk to finish the day's work.

End ^^

*003*2021-08-07 18:20

Teyvat's diary 4

Sakura season is blooming in the country of thunder. Kamisato Ayaka is going to perform a tea ceremony at Kamisato Estate . Ayaka was given that kind of education by her family whether it was calligraphy painting, manners, swordsmanship, or even a tea ceremony. Although Ayaka had mastered these things, she still practiced some so that she would not forget them. Ayaka wears a full white kimono to facilitate movement in the ceremony Ayaka walked to the tea room, sat on the cushions set in the middle of the room, and began the tea ceremony.

The tea ceremony proceeded smoothly. Ayaka brewed her tea in a calm and graceful manner and followed every step of the way she had learned. As time passed, the tea ceremony continued until the last moment, and Ayaka tasted the tea she had brewed and it tasted as good as it should. Ayaka drank the whole cup of tea and was about to return to the kimono and long pleated skirt that she always wears. While Ayaka was taking off the white kimono worn for the tea ceremony. Ayaka felt a slight spasm in her bladder letting her know that she wanted to pee. "I'm going to the bathroom after this," Ayaka sighed as she spoke to herself.

Half an hour later, Ayaka finished putting on her clothes and accessories, and Ayaka twitched in her bladder again. Ayaka had free time for herself now, so she rushed to the bathroom before she had no time to stop by again. Ayaka came to the front of the room where she could empty her bladder.

"Miss Kamisato", a Yashiro Commission Representative, walked to Ayaka.

"Oh Hirano, what's going on?" Ayaka asked the representative who walked up to her.

"The ambassador invites you to visit them right now," Hirano told Ayaka.

"Uh.....Ok I'll be leaving now." Ayaka told Hirano before leaving the Kamisato Estate with two or three guards following her and thought she would be able to hold it until her business was over.

On the way to Inazuma City, Ayaka clearly felt the pressure from her bladder, but now had a guard with her, so Ayaka had to stay in the most calm manner without letting the guards that Living with Ayaka one could notice her abnormality.After a while, the pressure on Ayaka's bladder nearly doubled. Ayaka squirmed slightly to keep her condition, but was unable to escape the guard's gaze.

"Miss Kamisato, what happened to you?"

"N.......Nothing. Let's keep going, we'll be reaching Inazuma soon." Ayaka slightly startled and acted as normal as possible.

Finally Ayaka was able to arrive at Inazuma and the building where she was going to meet without any anomalies. Ayaka's guard led her into the building and waited until the meeting was over.

"We are waiting for you, Miss Kamisato," the ambassador told Ayaka before leading her to the meeting room. At a spacious conference room, about a dozen ambassadors sat in their seats, waiting for Ayaka to enter the quorum. Ayaka took an empty seat and the meeting began.

@@half an hour passed The meeting continued even for Ayaka's bladder. Ayaka squirmed a little in her seat. The tea she drank at the tea ceremony began to add to her bladder, making Ayaka more desperate to go to the bathroom.

No matter how desperate she was to pee, Ayaka had to keep her condition in check so that no one else was aware of her body's needs. Ayaka squirmed in her seat more than ever and had to control her bladder all the time.

Half an hour later, the meeting was still not over. Ayaka became aware of her fate that there was absolutely no way to empty her bladder without her kimono dress drying up. Ayaka tensed up all over her body to prevent a leak from her shorts.

She wouldn't want to see Toma or the Traveler again if she peeed herself like a child here. Ayaka did her best to avoid the leak, but then the first leak happened, her shorts feeling the moisture from the leak.Ayaka could only hope that this meeting would pass quickly.

And ten minutes later, her wish was fulfilled, and the meeting had come to an end. "For this meeting, let's just end it here. Thank you to everyone who came to this meeting.” The ambassador said goodbye and left the meeting room. Ayaka jumped up with the leak again and hurried to find the bathroom as quickly as possible before it was too late.

Ayaka staggered down the hallway in search of a bathroom, but couldn't find any room that was supposed to be a toilet, and a huge leak erupted. Ayaka hurriedly moved her hand to hold her crotch. She was able to stop, but soon after her bladder burst, the urine she had accumulated before the tea ceremony began to punish her.Ayaka rushed to find a place where she would be the least embarrassed, and she saw a corner of the building. Ayaka rushed over there and lifted her skirt up to her knees and let her urine gush out. The hissing sounded for more than two minutes and then slowly faded and then became silent.

Ayaka finally got up and put down his skirt Ayaka looked at the damage, her shorts were undoubtedly damp, her kimono had apple-sized patches of moisture on it, the socks weren't even dry at all. There was absolutely no way Ayaka would be able to find her guard like this. So she found a way to do something, so Ayaka went to the bathroom to pour water on herself to wet herself and wait for it to dry for a while. Ayaka went to her guard and prepared to go back to Kamisato. Estate

*004*2021-10-16 19:39

It has been away for a very long time with the story of genshin impact. If I wrote something wrong, I apologize here.

Teyvat’s diary 5

Ganyu was taking a break from her work. Ganyu was always working at her desk even though it was late for her job so she hardly had time to rest for herself. But today her work is so much less than usual that Ganyu To her surprise, she finished her work in half a day and it was a good opportunity for her to rest her hard working body.

In her free time, Ganyu would often go outside of Liyue to see glaze lily and all the creatures. Ganyu left Liyue to go to the grasslands of Qingce Village. It took Ganyu an hour to get there.

Ganyu sat down on the grass and released her posture as she watched a couple of squirrels walk beside each other, the glaze lily in bloom now. Ganyu looked at these natures for a while, and she was enchanted by the nature around her. She yawned with her eyelids closing. "Just a little sleep," Ganyu told herself, and fell to her side.

Time passed, Ganyu woke up with a deep orange sky, she had slept for four hours and it was time for her to return to Liyue. After waking up for a while, Ganyu's body was getting heavier. She put her hand on her crotch and Ganyu realized that she hadn't been to the bathroom at all since she left Liyue, and she started to feel it from here, but she held it. because she didn't want to disturb the villagers for her personal business and now it has almost tripled. Ganyu grabbed her crotch and tried to get up to find the bathroom, but Ganyu's sleeping position caused one side of her body to become numb, unable to get up. Ganyu panicked and tried to get up again, but to no avail, Ganyu still couldn't get up. She couldn't do anything but hope that her numbness would heal quickly.

Ganyu squeezed her body so that it didn't leak, but it didn't last long. The first leak occurred, Ganyu moaned and squeezed her body harder and she was able to stop it. Nearly two minutes passed, the sound of the river and the bladder pushing Ganyu more and more, but her body still showed no sign of improvement. And another leak occurred, but this time it was beyond Ganyu's ability to bear.

Wet patches appeared on Ganyu's pants and gradually expanded, urine flowed through Ganyu's hands and piled onto the floor, a hissing sound became louder, but luckily there was some grass filtering out the sound so no one could notice. After almost a minute, Ganyu's hissing sound had stopped, and her sniffles improved. Ganyu got up to check the damage, one of her pants was visibly wet. Ganyu sighed. If someone knew that Liyue Qixing was unable to deal with the most personal matter like going to the bathroom. She would be embarrassed for the rest of her life. Ganyu then figured out a way to return Liyue without getting wet. Ganyu of the river figured out a way out. She rushed to the river and jumped in to get her clothes all wet. After Ganyu jumped into the river, she got up and prepared to return to Liyue. along with a lesson that she must not forget

*005*2022-01-24 20:37

Hey, I feel guilty for not drawing at all during this time but I still have time to write this short fanfiction.

For this chapter, it is based on the actual story in Genshin Impact. So there might not be a very hopeless scene but I hope you guys enjoyed it.

Teyvat’s diary 6

The Chapter of Flames and Ashes, Scene 1 Start!!!

La Signora was challenged by Lumine to a duel in front of Shogun Raiden. The winner will be fulfilled, while the loser will not have a chance to live. Signora was confident in her powers and took Lumine's challenge with ease. "A lesson on Harbinger power and elegance? Hah.... as you wish." At the end of the sentence, the battle had begun.

The battle proceeded fiercely. Signora realized that the Delusion she had acquired was incompatible with Lumine, "Tsk Tsk, you've got some nerve laying your hand on me", so she unleashed the power of the crimson witch within her "Harbinger power has become burdensome, I will manifest my destiney anew..... Await my emergence and tremble, Traveler. You have reason to be afraid." The Crimson Lotus Moth flew together at the Signora. The flames began to ignite. Signora has now been completely transformed into the Crimson Witch of Embers in order to wipe out Lumine from dust.

But despite Signora's Crimson Witch of Embers power Lumine couldn't be defeated. She became even more powerful after the last encounter. Signora was defeated by Lumine. She returned to her normal form and gasped for breath. “So strong. But………but how….”

Shogun Raiden took her sword and walked down gracefully, ignoring Lumine at all. She walked over to a weakened Signora. Prepare the punishment for the defeated.

"I am Snezhnayan diplomat You know what happens if you lay a finger on me.." Signora slowly stood up, "I swear, if you strike me,I will make sure....The Fatui will make sure that your precious Inazuma." Even though she said so, Signora was in the least afraid of dying.

Her fear gradually built up until Signora's bladder suddenly loosened, her tide slowly flowing along her legs and cloak. A puddle of water began to expand beneath her feet as Shogun Raiden approached her. "Stop! I order you!" Signora furiously threatened as the tide continued, "And you! Filthy rats.. All of you!!!" Signora charged towards Shogun Raiden but in the blink of an eye, Raiden attacked Signora so violently that the light flashed. Signora crumbles to dust and the mist of her current floats along. Even in her final days, the tide had not stopped flowing. Shogun Raiden stepped on the puddle that Signora had made and looked at Lumine, but this time Raiden would let her go first. before we meet again

The Chapter of Flames and Ashes, Scene 1 End

*007*2022-07-17 19:44

Now I have one problem, I can't figure out the request drawing, I hope everyone is not angry with me. Ehe~

Now it's a short chapter as always, hope you guys like this fiction about genshin ^~^

Teyvat’s diary 7

The Chapter of fireworks, Scene 1 Start!!!

Yoimiya wakes up from her bed in the morning. She opened the window to take in the view of Inazuma through the window. Yoimiya took in the view of Inazuma until she clenched her thighs and crossed her legs. She had to go to the bathroom and it was starting to reach her limit.Yoimiya got up from the window, clutched her crotch tightly and hurried to the bathroom. Fortunately, the bathroom wasn't that far from her bedroom.

But *gag* *gag* ………the bathroom door wouldn't open. Yoimiya's father is using it. Yoimiya panicked knocking on the bathroom door for her father to hear, but it didn't work, his ears weren't so good so Yoimiya's simple knocks didn't work. “Father, please hurry. I can't hold it any more!!!!!!" Yoimiya knocked louder and shouted, but it didn't work and the door sucked in quite a bit of Yoimiya's voice so Yoimiya's father couldn't hear her voice. Yoimiya knew that if it continued like this, she would definitely piss herself. Yoimiya wouldn't let that happen so she left the house to find a place to pee.

Yoimiya clutched her crotch, dancing madly as she thought of a private place, and she realized it was her backyard that had enough privacy, although not much. So Yoimiya hurriedly walked to the place, but........ "Yoimiya Onee-chan!!!!!" A kid from Inazuma City where Yoimiya plays with them regularly. We have something for you to see," said the group of children to Yoimiya, taking her hand to where the child said.

Yoimiya had already missed her only chance to relieve herself. Now she must pray that she will not wet herself in front of these children. Yoimiya couldn't get her hand off her crotch or she would immediately leak, but now one of her hands can't be placed between her legs because the children were holding her hand so the only hope to save her from this situation was on the other side of her. Yoimiya held her crotch as tightly as possible, but that didn't affect her now bulging bladder.

Yoimiya had leaked the bandage that had been wrapped like her panties.Yoimiya panicked in her mind and the next leak occurred, Yoimiya quickly pulled the lead hand to her crotch. "What is up with you Yoimiya One-chan?" The children saw Yoimiya's strange expression. There is nothing that can save Yoimiya right now small leaks became so frequent that she couldn't stand it any longer. Piss flowed through her hands and bandages, forming a puddle of water beneath her feet. The children were all shocked to see one of their much loved older sister Yoimiya pissing herself in front of them. A continuous hiss sounded and the puddle beneath Yoimiya's feet widened and finally came to an end, taking almost two minutes for this embarrassing event to come to an end.

Yoimiya collapsed at the puddle she had built and sobbed, she would not be able to teach her children if she had continued to piss herself, especially her age but the children hugged her and promised not to tell anyone, especially travelers. Yoimiya felt better and got up and went to clean by the sea and this would only be known to the four of them.

The Chapter of fireworks, Scene 1 End

