The Continence Mandate - Page 2

Author: randomkath

*026*2017-05-13 11:23

{{On 12.5.2017 at 3:54 AM, plugnplay said:

Although, it does make me wonder now what happens to the girls that end up getting the plug. Im curious xD

}}

Your username indicates you would...

I left that deliberately vague, but you are not the only one who wonders. I exchanged a few messages with two other people who would like to see that aspect expanded upon.

{{7 hours ago, smallbladder24 said:

Love your writing but my anti injustice trait just make me angry when i read this x)

}}

Well, good. If your reaction was "I want this implemented in real life" instead, you'd be in dire need of one of those nicely padded jackets, where the arms are at funny angles.

The injustice of it all is the core of the fantasy. These women are forced to hold because Oceania has always been at war with Eastasia. And that's such a conclusive argument as to why it is necessary, that the end justifies all means.

*032*2021-02-22 18:21

{{On 2/13/2021 at 12:18 AM, Tentacool said:

I'm years late to this but I still think it's worth complimenting, you are a very talented writer and your descriptions give just the right amount of details without being long winded, a very difficult sweet-spot I struggle to find. I hope to be of your quality one day.

}}

Aww, thank you!

This story is not quite dead, btw.

I just can't be arsed right now. Or for the last three years, for that matter.

*037*2021-12-10 11:47

Oh, the revolution is coming. It was inevitable from the beginning.

I actually started working on this again. Don't hold your breath, though, I'm extremely busy with actual paying work, and don't see it ending, well, ever.

*040*2022-06-04 22:37

{{On 6/3/2022 at 7:50 PM, Cy_The_Fox said:

What would happen with Trans-men and Trans-women? In this world how would the law classify each??

}}

I don't have the slightest idea.

One of many gaps in the logic and internal consistency of what started out as a convoluted masturbation fantasy.

EDITED:

I'm in two minds about this whole thing. I wrote an ending, and various intermediate scenes, years ago. But I'm short on time and energy, and not really into this type of fantasy anymore. Not enough to get the motivation and push through finishing it, anyway. Fucking ADHD and my defective dopamine system.

You guys want the incomplete ending, and just make up all the shit that's missing in between by yourselves?

