Letting Go In Bed (M/F)

Author: Rhea

*000*2024-02-03 12:00

I found this fic on ArchiveofourOwn. Summary: Melissa recently admitted to her partner Jake that she has wants to be fucked while needing to piss.

This fic involves peeing in bed, desperation play, and vaginal intercourse.

“Come on now,” Jake said coaxingly, “spread your legs for me.”

Lying naked and aroused on the bed, Melissa wanted to obey. But she was so desperate to pee that she was afraid she would lose control the moment that she parted her legs.

Jake sat beside her, running a hand along her stomach and her hips down to her pressed-together thighs. He was so patient, one of the things that Melissa loved about him. Because for all her desires, now at the precipice of getting exactly what she wanted, Melissa was overcome by nerves.

A few weeks ago, not long after the two of them had moved in together, Melissa had finally admitted her piss fetish to Jake after having a few glasses of wine. Nothing turned her on more than being fucked while she needed to piss. She had had intercourse while needing to pee with previous partners – and with Jake – but had never told them before due to her embarrassment. And she fantasized about, but had never tried, pissing the bed in the middle of fucking.

Melissa was hungover and mortified in the morning, but Jake repeated what he’d told her the night before: he found it hot when Melissa was turned on, and he was more than happy to experiment with pissplay with her.

Last week, Melissa had finally gathered the courage to suggest that Jake should join her in the bathroom. She had pissed in the toilet while Jake played with her nipples, her legs spread wide enough for him to watch the stream. It felt so good it made her clit throb, and only residual shyness kept her from touching herself while she emptying her bladder. When her stream trickled off to a dribble, Jake released her nipples and pulled out his cock, already hard. Melissa slid off the toilet onto her knees without even bothering to wipe, so aroused knowing that this had turned him on too. She gave Jake an enthusiastic blowjob, and it didn’t take long for him to cum in her mouth.

A couple of days ago, Melissa peed on Jake’s hand in the shower while he gently rubbed her clit and labia. It had been difficult to get started, but once she did, the sound and sensation of the warm water kept her going, and Jake’s ministrations felt heavenly.

Now, they had carefully prepared the bed, putting a waterproof cover over the mattress and laying several towels down over the sheets. Jake had promised he would fuck her while she pissed, just like she had wanted for so long, but in the face of finally fulfilling this fantasy Melissa was paralyzed by her shyness.

After all, Melissa had never actually peed herself in the bed with another person, and wasn’t entirely sure if she could. Her bladder twinged as her mind returned to the worst-case scenarios. What if she held so much pee inside her that she soaked through the cover, or it streamed off the bed and onto the rug? What if their bedroom smelled like piss forever because of her embarrassing kink?

Just thinking about pissing made Melissa clench her inner muscles involuntarily, sending waves of pleasure and pressure alike through her abdomen. The feeling radiated up into her nipples and down into her clit, her bladder sending needy signals that the rest of her body responded to. Such beautiful, frustrating, pent-up desire.

“Ahh!” Jake’s hands on Melissa’s thighs startled her out of her thoughts.

“It’s okay if you accidentally start peeing when you open your legs,” Jake said, as he gently rubbed her smooth legs. Melissa felt her face burning, but he just grinned. “In fact, I would love to see you piss some now, and then fuck the rest out of you.”

“Jake!”

Despite her protestations, that was exactly what Melissa had told Jake she wanted. This was the crux of her watersports interests, what she had fantasized about for years: Melissa wanted to have a full bladder and a solid phallus pushing inside her pussy. She wanted to be filled until she felt like she would burst, the fucking intensifying her desperation and the desperation making the fucking feel even better. And then, she wanted the phallus pulled out just long enough for her bladder to let go, and slide back in again before she’d finished, still full and horny and needy.

It would feel so good, Melissa thought, but she couldn’t get that until she stopped clenching her legs. So she exhaled and slowly relaxed, letting Jake part her thighs. Melissa clenched her vaginal muscles over and over to keep from letting go, fighting back against the pressure of her bladder. It was uncomfortable yet terribly arousing. Every clench was like a jolt of pleasure between her abdomen and her pussy, and she honestly didn’t know how long she could hold out.

Jake positioned himself between her legs, quickly stroking himself to full mast. Melissa let her eyes flutter closed and gave herself permission to let go. But before she could quite manage, Jake sheathed his cock in her wet pussy. The undulations of her cunt had been arousing before, but now they became everything. Each thrust of Jake’s hips forced waves of ecstasy through her body. She felt like she was dissolving into the sea, like her cunt would explode with energy, and yet she couldn’t piss.

Not until Jake slipped out for a moment, the head of his cock bobbing against her hole, and Melissa suddenly let out a jet of piss.

The pleasure was immediate and incredible. The physical sensation and sudden fierce release were compounded by Melissa’s long-simmering desire for this exact moment. The towels beneath her swelled with the beautifully warm moisture, directed back at her pussy and caressing her ass as Jake rubbed his cock against Melissa's opening while urine kept streaming out of her.

“Oh yeah, that feels good, doesn’t it?” said Jake.

“It – Oh!”

That intoxicating release was cut short by Jake thrusting into her again. Melissa grabbed his shoulders as she convulsed around him.

Her bladder felt terribly frustrated but her pussy felt wonderfully full. She didn’t want Jake to pull out again, and yet those few seconds of fierce urination had felt so good. There was still much more piss inside of her. All Melissa could do was moan and cling to Jake, unable to form any coherent words.

“You’re so wet around my cock,” Jake said huskily in her ear. “I don’t want to stop fucking you, but you’ll probably explode if I don’t let you piss more soon, won’t you?”

Pleasure and need alike pulsed through Melissa, battling messily and tangling together. She did need to piss immensely, yet she also yearned to be full of Jake’s cock – and being so full of urine made the sensation of his cock even more satisfying. Almost beyond her control, Melissa’s pussy clenched hard, wishing she could just push it all out, needing the cock to stop blocking her urethra so that she could squirt out all that liquid stretching her belly and overwhelming her thoughts.

Jake pulled out again, and without hesitation, Melissa urinated forcefully. Jake’s mouth covered hers, and she mindlessly moved her lips against his. The feeling of sweet, body-wracking release flowed through her as she urinated freely, hot piss splashing against both their bodies, coming out of her cunt uninterrupted by the girth of a cock.

Jake rubbed his cock lightly against Melissa’s clit as she shamelessly splashed him with urine. Her animal need far overwhelmed any lingering propriety. Besides, Jake was still rod-hard, breathing heavily above her. Knowing that he was nearly as aroused as she was helped Melissa keep pushing her piss out even as she felt the towels beneath her getting soggy, sinking her ass into a puddle of her own making.

“Oh, you’re too sexy,” Jake whispered. “Do you have to keep pissing, or can I keep fucking you?”

“Fuck me, please!” Melissa cried.

Jake obliged her immediately. He thrust into her hard and fast, rocking her body into the wet towels beneath her. Her bladder ached less now, though still far from empty, and the sensation of her inner cunt took over: full and wonderfully fucked. Melissa could feel her entire body warm with arousal as she clung to Jake, waves of pleasure coursing through her.

The desire to piss again peaked, but Melissa clawed through it to orgasm, clenching and undulating around Jake’s cock. He kept pounding into her through all of it, and a few moments later he grunted and jerked his hips desperately as he spilled his warm cum inside her.

When Jake pulled out, Melissa’s pussy felt slightly sore and very satisfied. Her mind was soft and fuzzy, filled with awe at how good it had felt to make her fantasy a reality. She was barely aware of the wet towels beneath her, and the world outside their bedroom simply didn’t exist.

Jake lay down beside Melissa and wrapped his arms around her, offering her with a new, welcome warmth. She could barely move, but made a pleased noise.

“Did you enjoy yourself?” Jake asked quietly, nibbling on her earlobe.

“Very much,” she replied. It took effort just to lift a hand to rest on his chest. “It felt so good.”

“I enjoyed it too, more than I’d even though I would. Next time though, I want to piss inside of you.”

Melissa’s face burned, but she certainly wasn’t going to say no.

“Yes, please.”

They cuddled for a minute, but the wetness beneath Melissa began to grow cold, rousing her out of her blissful stupor. And more pressingly, her need to urinate rose again quickly; she still had so much inside of her.

“I still do need to piss,” Melissa said, reluctantly sitting up.

“Then we should shower together,” Jake said, grinning.

