Story I made a while ago

Author: Ruri

*000*2021-01-13 07:03

Part 1, bus.

1 - R - at the bus

One day there is a field trip, and i go to the school as usual. I woke up at 6.45 am, went for my usual stuff.

I went to school. There was a division for who sits next to who in the bus. I was paired with F and went side by side in a chair. The trip was 2 hour long, so the teacher told everyone to take a leak before going to the bus. F was to busy chatting with others so she didnt go to the toilet.

After an hour of trip I reconized that F started to squirm alot. I looked at her, she said she was fine. But I know that she is holding her pee.

Half an hour later, she moves alot more, and is now holding her crotch. I know she's desperate. Nobody else can see her just me.

2 hour mark reached, and we haven't reach the destination yet. The bus driver told us that we were delayed 30 mins. I knew she wouldn't be able to hold it for 30 more mins. She's now really really desperate for a bathroom. I offered her a bottle, I know girls can, just harder. And now she has a choice to pee in the bottle or hold it.

1 - R - picked the bottle

She hesitated, then she picked the bottle. I can see her opening the bottle cap, really quickly. I helped her use the window cover to cover her, it was large enough. When she is gonna do her thing, I talked very loud to my other friends, even tho i can hear her pee coming out of her and splashing into the bottle, and it's very satisfying, other people can't and won't even notice. I pretended to spray perfume to my friend, for fun, while actually I'm trying to cover the smell, so nobody will notice. She have finished peeing, and she closed the bottle and hid it somewhere in her seat. She looked at me thankfully. And we did this all without a single word. We continued the bus trip as if nothing happened.

1 - R - refused the bottle

She looked at me, and said no thank you. even tho she is still holding it. I think she don't want to pee in the bus, maybe I miscalculated her power to hold her pee. I asked "are you sure your OK?" and she awnsered very faintly "yeah, I can hold it I think" well, I tried.

15 more minutes and she is literally leaking, I can see her pants getting wet, and the smell of it starts. For now only I can smell It because I am closest. She is starting to cry. She is really struggling. I asked the driver and the driver said 10 more minutes. Time starts ticking while she is holding it like crazy.

Untill she lost control, and pee start flowing down her skirt, I saw the pee spreading, I looked away to give her some privacy at least. She just peed herself, even tho she is 13 years old. Her skirt is wet, especially in the groin, her seat is wet, and the pee is everywhere, even staring to drip to the floor. There was so much pee I think it would be 1L of pee... Guess she was really holding it. My prediction was right, she didn't make it.

I got up, got to the cabin, opened my bag, and got my water bottle. I drank some of it, but purposely drop my water bottle to her seat. I said "woops I dropped it". She looked at me, giving a look of "thanks..." and wiped her tears. Nobody else except me and her knew that she peed her pants. Thankfully the ride was over, and 2 minute later we left the bus. I am a clumsy person, so its tolerable that I poured water on her. She went to the bathroom, changed her clothes and the secret is only between us. We agreed without words that I'm not gunna tell anyone.

1 - F - at the bus

I woke up at 6, my mom told me to bring alot of water, and told me to drink a full glass of water, so I could be healthy for the feild trip. I drank it, and went to school. At school my friends opened some chips, I ate some. I got choked and drink alot of water from my bottle. We went in the bus, and got paired with a boy named R, guess I'm stuck with hin. I forgot to take a pee in the bathroom, but the trips is only 2 hour, I think i could make it. I didnt feel any sign of needing to pee yet...

20 minutes in, I feel a very faint sign that I need to empty my bladder I ignored it, not like I can do anything anyways. 40 minutes in. Im starting to feel the urge to pee. But I hid it very well, nobody would even realise.

1 hour in, I cant help but squirm alot. R starts to notice and looks at me. "I'm fine" softly I said. He then stops looking and turned back to talking to his friends. 1 hour and 30 minutes. It's getting really bad. I stopped talking to my friends in an excuse of wanting to hear music. Yeah, I am hearing music with my ipod. But I am really really going to pee.. There is 30 minutes left on the bus, I think i can hold it.

2 hours mark, we should've arrived. Somebody asked the driver, and the driver said were gonna be delayed by 30 minutes. Everybody is fine with that, except me. I'm at the point of bursting, and i know I won't be able to hold it that long.

R looked at me, opened his bag, and offered a bottle. I can pee in it, I know how to pee in a bottle, but I'm not sure if I should.

1 - F - accept the bottle.

I accepted the bottle. I opened the cap really quickly, pull my panties down, and aimed to the bottle. This is my first time using a bottle, and it's in a bus, watched by a boy. Luckily nobody else realised that. Meanwhile, R didn't laugh at me or anything, but he really understand what is going on. And make the right moves. He uses the window cover to block anyone trying to see. This is normal if you are going to sleep. He uses it, puts it in a perfect angle, without looking at me once. I'm already holding it in for so long, I couldn't hold any longer. I am very afraid of being heard. I aimed to the bottle, ready to pee in a bottle for the first time. I regret not going to the toilet.

Meanwhile R talk to everyone else loudly make jokes, so the other students cannot hear me peeing. He also tried to make his friends play perfume fight, it worked. I am so grateful of him. Pee start flowing from me like a waterfall while the feel of relief filled my body. I peed at least 2 minutes. I am so relieved from holding it that long. The bottle fills up slowly. Pee came gushing out of me to the bottle.

I finished peeing. Closed the bottle, its full of warm and yellow pee. Put it in my bag, so I can dispose it later. I looked at R and whispered "thank you" very quietly. And continue the rest of the trip as if nothing happened.

1 - F - hold it in

Using a bottle and releaving there is tempting, but I'm a girl, and I don't wanna be knew as the girl that peed in a bottle. I held it, and wish that I can survive for 30 more minutes. I held for 15 more minutes. Being at my limit. I keep telling my self to hold it, while I am starting to leak a drop at a time.

Second by second, minute by minute and it felt like hours and hours. I leaked more pee, untill its quite noticeable that there is a tint of wetness on my pants. it, so he asked the driver, and the driver awnsered 10 more minutes. The bus was going quick, and the bus bumped. When the bump happened, I lost control. I cant hold it anymore. Warm pee got out from me, as it flows and wets everything around me. R saw me. He got up, and he got his water bottle instead, and on purposely his water bottle next to me, enough to make me more wet. Which is a good thing to make a good reason that my clothes are wet. He pretend that it was an accident, said sorry to me, I awnsered "thank you" to him, he smiled. and the bus arrived at the destination. R told the teacher that he spilled some water, so nobody knew except him that i, a 13 year old girl, peed my pants in a bus. I'm very lucky I sat to someone like R, and not other people that would probably make fun of me.

Bit weird

