My Bad Writing - Page 2

Author: Ranpalan

*025*2021-11-17 00:03

Thank you!

*027*2022-12-03 00:20

Actually in more of a roleplaying mood but that's taking a while to arrange, so I might as well throw some ideas here... This is just idle wish fulfillment, together with a bit of non-binary representation (inspired by Bombality's awesome art!)

***

It started with a stupid date idea. I was still at university at the time, and one of the clubs had organized a drinking game around the Lord of the Rings movies as a precursor to the upcoming release of the Hobbit, the kind where you take a sip whenever something happens. Being a fan of Tolkien in general I attended all three, each one on a Friday night, which is where I met Charm.

Charm was doing physics, just like me, but they were a year below me so that was the first time I saw them, sitting on the sofa cross-legged and sipping from a large beer bottle. They stood out amongst the rest of us: blonde hair with blue tips reaching roughly to their shoulders, a little chubby under their D&D T-shirt, their lower body hidden by a blanket they'd brought with them. Charm was a little taller than me, I later discovered, and of course there was far more of them that I found once we hooked up... but that's a story for another time.

On the first evening, during The Fellowship of the Ring, we didn't even talk. I noticed that they went to the bathroom three times during the movie, and then again as soon as it was over. That last time, they were clearly having a little trouble walking normally, probably partly because of the alcohol: our hosts had been more than generous with the rules they'd come up with, and most people ended up going through their six packs of beer and then some. That night, I wondered whether they'd held themselves under that blanket while watching the last few scenes, desperate to go but still trying to hang on.

I hadn't intended to sit next to them during The Two Towers, but it worked out that way anyway: there were a few more people now and I only got there at the last moment. That was when Charm introduced themselves, but with the movie already starting we had no time to talk. They wore a skirt that day and were drinking some kind of mixed drink, which got them tipsy and giggly in no time, despite there being far less drinking required by the rules this time.

We were about a third of the way through the movie when I noticed them shifting around: the sofa wasn't very large so we were sitting right next to each other, and I had a pretty strong suspicion why it was that they were shifting from side to side on their bum like that. Sure enough, at the end of the scene Charm stood up and hurried off, almost tripping over me and having to lean on my shoulder for support. "Sorry," they whispered, as they hurried off, "I'm bursting!"

They went again after a little more than hour. I'd just gone to the toilet myself, and as I walked back I could see them sitting on the edge of the sofa, one hand clamped between their legs, the other gripping their pre-filled bottle of rum-cola or whatever it was very tight. They stood up as soon as I approached, no longer holding themselves, but looking a little ashamed as they hurried off again.

It was at that point that I resolved to talk to them after the movie was over. I'm not the most suave person out there, so I spent most of the remainder trying to think of ways to start a conversation. So focused I was on this that it was only at the last scene, with Frodo, Sam and Gollum in the marshes, that I realized I was missing out on something.

"Oh fuck," Charm mumbled next to me as the scene started. They were holding themselves again, one hand pressing the fabric of their skirt tight against their crotch, their legs jiggling in and out as they sat. Their bottle was entirely empty by now, and it wasn't hard to guess that that was making their life a little difficult now.

"Fuuck..." they whispered again, before noticing that I was paying attention, but even then they kept their hand firmly at their crotch. They tried to still their legs, but abandoned that after just a few seconds, instead leaning to me and whispering, their cheeks bright red, "I'm sorry, I've got to pee so bad and I forgot this scene existed..."

They were jiggling up and down now, occasionally looking towards the door as if thinking to make a dash for it. As soon as the credits were rolling they stood up and hurried past me, rushing out the door, and drawing a few laughs from the others. They were clearly the most desperate of us, but they weren't the only one with a full bladder: as soon as the credits were done, about half the people present headed to the toilets. I hung around, hoping Charm would return and that we could get to know each other better.

In the meantime, I mingled with the others. A girl who I'd seen go to the toilet near the end of the movie was talking to the organizers, and hearing the word "pee" I naturally gravitated towards that.

"You've got to plan a break halfway through the movie," she was saying, "Literally nobody can drink that much and hold it the whole time."

"But you can go whenever you want, can't you?"

"But I don't want to miss anything!"

"It's the Lord of the Rings, we've all seen it a thousand times already."

"I haven't—I've not seen it before."

"Wait, what, really?"

"I think she's right," I intervened, before the conversation could change direction, "It would be nice to have a chance to grab new drinks without bothering anyone, and maybe talk to each other. And really, I think if anyone manages to wait through the whole thing they should get a prize or something."

My motivations were, of course, nowhere near as pure as what I set out. Foremost on my mind was the opportunity to speak to Charm, of course, but I wouldn't mind the idea of people trying to hold on just a little longer, knowing that an intermission was just around the corner but not knowing exactly when it would come.

I kept chatting with that group for about another fifteen minutes, keeping an eye out for Charm coming back for their things, but eventually I too had to excuse myself for a much-needed piss, and by the time I'd gotten back, everyone else had dispersed, and Charm's things were gone.

***

This didn't actually reach the point I wanted to describe, but I think it's a good start, so I'll leave it at this for now.

*028*2022-12-11 21:13

I was almost late for the showing of The Return of the King: not for any good reason, I'd just gotten carried away with a game and before I knew it I had to rush to make it there. Charm was already seated in their usual spot; I sat down next to them, but didn't have time to say any more than "hi" before the movie started. For their part, Charm seemed a little embarrassed, as if afraid I might ask where they'd disappeared to last time: not that I wasn't curious to know what had happened, of course, but I didn't dare ask yet.

The organisers had changed the rules yet again, and I had missed the explanation, so I had to rely on Charm to fill me in as we watched. They had a carton of orange juice with them, presumably spiked with something. They drank directly from the carton's mouth, carefully raising the whole thing up with two hands. It seemed like it would make it rather difficult to measure out a sip, but if they liked it that way, I wasn't about to complain.

Between explaining some rules, Charm leaned towards me and whispered, "This time there'll be a break in the middle of the movie, by the way."

"Good," I replied, "I'm gonna need one."

I wasn't exaggerating: there were quite a few more rules than last time and after only half an hour I was well into my second beer and had to force myself to take smaller sips. Charm didn't seem to be far behind.

"I already need one," they replied, "But..."

Someone shushed us, so I didn't get to hear what they wanted to tell me. We kept watching, the drinking slowing down a bit: it seemed like the organisers had put a lot of thought into what triggers to pick to get the pacing right. I like being able to focus on movies, so I didn't mind the lack of interruptions. The first thing that distracted me, and that was some time over the one hour mark, was the way Charm was bouncing their leg in a way that I found quite alluring. They could probably manage another half-hour, but given what I'd seen the previous times I rather doubted they could last until the halfway point.

Everyone was certainly trying, though, and it was only when one of the girls in the front finally gave in that I found out why. It was the same one who had participated in the pee discussion last time. She stood up, wiggled towards the middle of the room, and then loudly said, "I'm a tiny hobbit, with a tiny bladder, may I be excused before I make a tiny puddle?"

"Drink a tiny drink!" the room chorus. I looked at Charm in confusion, and they gestured they'd explain in a bit.

The girl was poured a shot of something dark. She was squirming around as she waited, tapping her fingers on her lap and wiggling from side to side.

"I have to go just from looking at that," Charm remarked to me in a whisper.

"I have to go from all that stuff I drank," I replied, and they laughed and—entirely coincidentally, I'm sure—crossed one leg over the other.

The girl who'd asked for the toilet finally got her shot and drank it in one gulp, then set it down quickly and rushed out of the room.

"Thirty minutes until the break, boys and girls!" someone called, "Cross your legs tight!"

Charm was taking that advice to heart. I could feel the sofa bounce a little under us as they squirmed around. The minutes to the intermission stretched out and out: I could feel my own bladder starting to become a problem, but I wasn't in trouble yet. Two more girls and guys succumbed to their bladders, each reciting the rhyme, though the drinks were different: girls got a shot, while guys had to chug a beer.

There couldn't have been more than ten minutes left when Charm gave in as well. They stood up and walked to the middle of the room before mumbling the hobbit rhyme rather shyly, their hands so close to their crotch they might as well have been holding themselves. For a moment, nothing happened: there they were, wearing black sweatpants and a t-shirt and failing entirely to stand still, but still waiting for someone to give them the obligatory extra liquid.

"Will you have the beer or the rum?" the guy who had been pairing the drinks asked a little awkwardly.

"I don't care," Charm said quickly. Their hand darted between their legs now, "I have to go now."

"Well, let's keep it fair..." the guy said and opened a beer bottle, but before passing it to Charm he poured out a measure in a glass, and topped it up with a generous helping of rum.

Charm looked a little bashful for a moment, then their grip on their crotch tightened, they grabbed the bottle and started chugging. The waves of expression that went over their face were interesting to see: desperation, concern, a little pain. Finally, they set the bottle down and rushed out of the room. A few people clapped.

By the time they were back I was bursting myself, and the last few minutes before the break I had little mind for anything but the pressing urge to empty my bladder. I'm sure that if I was paying attention I could have seen some girls bursting to go as well, but things were quite literally so bad that I couldn't pay attention even to that. Up to the point of me standing at a urinal the whole thing is a blur, and only when I turned around did I notice that there was a short queue of girls in the men's room, too: two, to be precise, both looking ready to pop and eyeing us guys with envy.

"Feeling better?" Charm asked me when I finally got back to our couch. They'd grabbed themselves some snacks for the break and offered some to me, which I took gladly. They were a little red in the cheeks, probably from the alcohol.

"Yeah, no kidding," I said, "You?"

"Should have made it three breaks, honestly," they said, and added, with a little giggle, "Fuck, I'm drunk already."

With the ice broken, we had no trouble making conversation: between doing the same major and liking the same fandoms, there was plenty to talk about. The couch wasn't huge, and I was aware of their presence close to me, getting closer and closer as we talked. They were showing me a Sanderson tattoo they had on their arm when the movie started up again and we leaned back to watch.

Charm threw one last glance towards the door before they did so and whispered, "Fuck, I was going to pee again first..."

