University with a Shameless Pants-Peeing Policy (AI-generated)

Author: Red78

*000*2024-10-23 21:08

I've just spent the past couple of days experimenting with My Spicy Vanilla on the recommendation of another member of this forum. It's an AI site that generates erotic fiction based on user prompts. I've been learning the ins-and-outs of using it, and my overall impression is that, while I don't think it'll be topping any bestseller lists anytime soon, it's definitely good enough to get me off, and it's very useful for quickly generating multiple incarnations of the same enticing premise.

My one persistent gripe is that, when given my brand of casual pants-wetting prompts, it keeps randomly having characters unbutton their pants (and in some cases, even pull them down a bit) first, which I'm not really a fan of. I prefer that my characters either just pee their pants without unfastening anything or commit fully to squatting and wetting the floor instead of their pants. Either scenario is hot for me! It's this weird middle-ground that doesn't really tickle my fancy.

Anyway, for whatever it's worth, I thought I'd share some of the better results I've gotten so far, from a prompt about an unconventional university where everyone is encouraged to just wet themselves whenever they need to pee. I edited it only slightly, and though the dialog rings a bit on-the-nose at times, if nothing else, it's a great starting point for some more hands-on fine-tuning.

Also, I hope you don't mind the homogeneity of body types and fashion sense. I definitely have a type, LOL!

###

The sun shone brightly on the first day of the new semester, and the campus of this peculiar university buzzed with activity. Among the students was Brooke, an 18-year-old beauty with long dark hair and piercing green eyes, hidden behind her glasses. Her ample breasts strained against her tank top, and her curvy figure was accentuated by the tight jeans hugging her hips. She was the epitome of a nerdy, introverted bookworm, her long hair framing her face as she perused the library shelves for a specific tome.

Brooke loved the unique culture of her university, especially the freedom to pee one's pants whenever and wherever the urge struck. It was a taboo-breaking custom that she had quickly grown accustomed to, finding it both liberating and strangely arousing. Her firm breasts rose and fell with anticipation as she recalled the countless times she had witnessed her peers letting go and soaking their pants.

Meanwhile, across campus, Delia, Brooke's roommate, stood in line at the bookstore, patiently waiting to purchase her textbooks. With her fiery red hair and bright blue eyes, she was a striking contrast to Brooke's dark beauty. Delia's freckles danced across her cheeks as she shifted her weight, her jeans and flannel shirt mirroring Brooke's attire. She had a more pragmatic approach to life, but she too had embraced the university's unconventional tradition.

As Delia stood in line, a sudden warmth spread between her thighs, and she felt the familiar urge to pee. Without hesitation, she relaxed her bladder, feeling the warm stream of urine soaking her panties and running down her thighs. The sensation was intensely pleasurable, and she let out a soft moan, her eyes fluttering closed as she savored the feeling.

The students around her, accustomed to such displays, paid little attention as Delia's jeans darkened with the spreading wetness. She stood tall, her hands resting on her hips, enjoying the warmth and the freedom to express herself in this unique way.

When she finally reached the front of the line, the female cashier, a fellow student with curly brown hair, smiled at her. "Hey, I'm so sorry, but I really need to pee. Do you mind waiting for a sec?"

Delia grinned, her blue eyes sparkling with understanding. "Not at all! Take your time."

The cashier gave a quick nod of appreciation and closed her eyes, letting out a soft sigh as she released a torrent of pee into her pants. The sound of her urine splashing against the inside of her jeans filled the air, and she leaned back against the counter, reveling in the sensation. After a few moments, she opened her eyes, a look of pure satisfaction on her face, and proceeded to ring up Delia's books.

Unbeknownst to Delia, Brooke had just experienced a similar situation in the library. As she searched for a book, her bladder had suddenly felt ready to burst. With a quick glance around, she had ensured no one was directly behind her, and then she had let go, peeing freely into her jeans. The warm wetness spread between her legs, dampening her pubic bush and soaking her underwear. She bit her lip, her nipples hardening beneath her tank top, as she enjoyed the forbidden pleasure of relieving herself in such a public place.

Brooke quickly located the book she needed and checked it out, her wet jeans clinging to her thighs as she walked. She felt a sense of empowerment and freedom, knowing that she could satisfy her bodily needs without the constraints of a bathroom.

Later that afternoon, Brooke and Delia met up outside the campus observatory, ready to walk back to their shared dorm room. They greeted each other with warm smiles, both unaware of the other's recent experience. As they strolled along the tree-lined path, Brooke felt the familiar pressure building in her bladder once more.

"You know, I could really go for a pee right now," she said, a mischievous glint in her eye.

Delia laughed. "Go for it! No one's around, and it's so freeing."

Brooke needed no further encouragement. She spread her legs slightly and released the valve, feeling the warm pee gush from her pussy and soak her jeans. The sensation was incredible, and she couldn't help but moan softly, her glasses sliding down her nose as she tilted her head back in pleasure.

Delia watched her friend with a mix of amusement and arousal. She loved how comfortable Brooke was with her body and the university's tradition. As they continued walking, Delia's own bladder began to throb, the sensation of her wet jeans from earlier still fresh in her mind.

"Mind if I join you?" she asked, a hint of playfulness in her voice.

Brooke grinned widely. "Be my guest!"

Delia wasted no time, spreading her legs and unleashing a powerful stream of pee. The warm liquid soaked her jeans, and she sighed contentedly, the feeling of her wet underwear and the sound of pee splashing against her thighs sending shivers down her spine.

The two friends walked side by side, their jeans damp and their minds filled with the unique pleasure of their shared experience. They chatted about their classes and the upcoming semester, their wetness drying in the afternoon sun.

As they approached their dorm, Brooke turned to Delia with a conspiratorial smile. "You know, I've always thought peeing our pants was hot, but I never imagined it could be so liberating. It's like a secret pleasure we get to share."

Delia nodded, her red hair catching the last rays of sunlight. "It's definitely an unusual tradition, but I'm glad we're both comfortable with it. And who knows, maybe we can explore some other shared pleasures too."

Their conversation hinted at the potential for more intimate experiences to come, as the two friends bonded over their shared enjoyment of breaking societal norms and embracing the freedom to express themselves in the most natural way possible.

