The Harley Wet

Author: Roger Ireland

*000*2021-07-13 21:58

I wrote a couple of theme related poems a while back, thought you might like to see them.

Here's one, hope you like it - let me know.

###

When Liz and Sean left the Red Lion Pub

In England's country heartland

SHE wondered if HE had any idea,

Of what she'd already planned.

They'd known each other for only twelve months,

How strange where the time had gone !

But over the space of that fleeting year

She'd learned how to turn him on.

As they now mounted his massive Harley,

As twins the great beast to ride.

She managed to keep her face serene and

Her anticipation hide.

The throbbing rhythm of the motor bike

Between her compliant thighs,

Produced waves of delight so tremendous

She could scarce control her sighs.

She knew that her mounting excitement would

Soon need to obtain relief,

And she savoured the quivering point when

The thrill rose beyond belief.

Even tighter she pressed to Sean as the

Moon in her blue eyes flickered

And relaxed herself ensuring that, she'd

No longer be dry knickered.

The blood warm flood creeping round her bottom

Completely soaked pants and jeans,

Provoking mem'ries of similar times

Half-remembered from her teens.

She gently eased herself to and fro on

The slightly slippery seat,

Pleasuring that part of her body which

Was suddenly prone to heat.

Sean meanwhile felt the comforting warmth of

Her pee run beneath his bum

And pondered whether he could stop the bike

Before she made herself come.

He discovered he'd made the right move

Taking the forestry track,

When he felt trickles of warm approval

Delivered from the back.

Stopping the Harley as soon as he could

He lay himself by her side

And coupling together they peed as one

Like the waves upon the tide.

Stay wet'n'happy

Roger Ireland

