Female Teachers in Line for the School's Only Bathroom vs. THE BELL - Page 2

Author: Rick Dixon

*026*2018-01-11 21:21

Do you think Ms Channys crying at the end was justified? I mean why cry? Do you think she’ll ever go back to work?

Curious..

*028*2018-01-12 11:19

{{7 hours ago, bibibibi said:

Would you consider installing urinals in the woman's room?

}}

Um why?

*030*2018-01-13 02:06

{{2 hours ago, bibibibi said:

Urinals are faster than toilets.

}}

Do you want me to incorporate this in a story? I'll do it. But will you help me on another story quick?

*032*2018-01-13 13:02

{{4 hours ago, bibibibi said:

Sure!

}}

Cool. Now if you really want me to write what you want and do it well I need you to do this:

I Made this post months ago. It is my favorite cartoon desperation scene and I provided the video. So click on this link below, go to that post, and there are instructions on what I would like you to do.

Basically writing out those last four minutes from the dads viewpoint so I can read how he’s feeling and close he’s getting, but he has an accident instead. All the instructions are there.

Do that well well and I promise I will not only include the urinal thing in my next story, but also make it a big factor.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/39972-help-can-someone-please-write-me-an-alternate-ending-to-the-cartoon-below-where-the-guy-wets-instead-i-will-in-exchange-write-for-you/?do=embed"

*033*2018-06-08 19:51

{{On 11/11/2017 at 3:21 PM, acer913 said:

Maybe if she had to prove she could control herself to a new boss to get a new job. Now that her reputation would precede her.

}}

I'm curious, but how would I got about this type of story you're suggesting? I might do it...

*034*2018-06-26 14:04

Decided to do another ending cause I love this story lol

Ms. Channy walked back into the school. Her sand less, tight white pants and shirt and black jacket tightly grasped over her sweating body. She did not get to use the donuts shop bathroom. She didn't know why she came back to this toiletless tourture chamber where her bladder was ready to explode! She could not stop shaking and every step hurt like hell as it sent a pulse like a punch to Channys bladder which was way past the limit. She felt any second she could pop. Her tummy visible, her tight white pants cutting into it like blades of fire. Between the physical pain and upcoming humiliation if she did not take care of this Channy was crying tears madly. Her face soaked, from tears and sweat. Her hair short but frizzled in a mess.

"Mmmmm.....ah....mmmmeeeeeeee!" She moaned. The poor woman was having a nervous mental breakdown. Her brained fried, legs tight and hips shifting in those tight white pants that had a bulge over the waist, her tummy visible from under her shirt as it stuck out. Every teacher got to pee except her. All she thought was if she wet herself it would humiliate her too much. She could never come back to school and work. Her job, friends she made, gone. On top of that her kidneys and gut were on fire! "Oh....oh....n...n-no" her heart stopped and eyes widened, bouncing as she felt her belly ignite on fire. It was not just the pee. Channy had whispered "I got to poop!" The strain on her abdomen was causing many problems.

She tried to open the ladies room for students but locked out of order. Her head dropped as she did not know why she tried. The pressure increased in her bladder and belly. She almost screamed in pain as she felt as if from there she was splitting in two from top to bottom. Then she saw her belly. There was a crack in her skin. Veins that pulsed outwards dark blue. No one should hold in their pee this long. She felt the poop inside bubbling and boiling. This was getting serious. Such a huge, painful cramp she could no longer stand straight and was bent over a big. She saw the principal and asked him while crouched over and shaking "sssssssir....please, can you open the bathrooms?"

"Ms. Channy you know they're broken."

"Oh my God sir please PLEASE! I've had to go all day and hasn't gotten the chance. Please I'm on the verge of having an accident."

"There's only only an hour left of the day. I'm sure you can wait."

She was basically crying in front of him. She felt her crotch muscles giving out as she sweat all over. Her mouth dry. She saw one student pouring water from a container into his friends bottles, and the pouring water made her spurt a drop into her panties and she turned red and froze. Her heart pulsed uncontrollably from the panic. These two girls were looking in their friends locker that had pictures of the beach and ocean inside. Just seeing pictures of water reminded her of the noise and feeling and thus intense urge that overcame her.

Another spurt as she shook and cried. Her legs crossed tight, but when she looked down her mind went into a spiral seeing a stain on her crotch. Ms. Channy knew she was going to pee herself very soon. Sweat dripped across her face as she felt nerves. She grabbed her crotch and people started to stare and caused great embarrassment for the poor teacher. One student walked by purposely gargling on his water since he was turned on by her desperation. SPURT SPURT SPURT into her panties once again and became very moist.

Ms. Channy took so long to find a teaching job and there were not many. But it was impossible to hold on any longer. "Oh my God, Please God not like this." She cried. I'm begging you!"

"Oh gosh that's so nasty!" A girl screamed, pointing at Ms. Channy from behind. Ms. Channy looked and her eyes popped out seeing a stain line of pee down her leg on the back. Then she started to feel her private area opening up against her might.

Ms. Channy tried to walk into her room and close the door. But a student stepped in front of her and held up a paper and asked "Ms Channy can you explain to me this passage of the revolution river crossing in 17-something?" Ms. Channy had her eyes shut and felt pee leaking out of her body.

"I'm sorry it's just, no...oh, oh no! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! OH NOOOOOOOOO! PLEASE NO NOT HERE AND NOW NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Ms. Channy could no longer take it. Just like the plumbing in the school, her body's plumbing burst. Her legs were shot open as a huge force of pee shot out of her body, flooding her panties which then let out two rivers on each leg that flowed down her pants of hot pee. The release was not even relied, it was strain as she felt her cut painfully pump out huge loads over and over as she shook in an anxiety attack as her peers and students watched the poor teacher pee herself. It did not take long, her pants expanded as they filled with liters, gallons of urine and eventually the bottom of each leg opened up spreading the pee onto her feet, ruining her sandles, and making a puddle spread out from under her and everyone near her backed away.

Ms. Channy totally soaked herself in front of all her students and fellow teachers, she was a disgrace, she lost control and was wetting herself like a child. The puddle grew to be about five feet wide, and people filmed and took pictures imminently posting online as they laughed. She would never live this down. It was over for her. "Oh God, no, no!" She cried trying to hold her crotch together. But no use. Pee poured out for almost two minutes leaving her with nothing but a belly ache. Towards the end her pants contained so much pee they let out sheets from her between her legs of pee fall and splash on the floor. Ms. Channy went to the bathroom in her pants and was humiliated.

Then, her belly growled and went into a huge pain. Everyone hears a huge farting noise as poop fired out of her ass. The butt of her pants expanded out turning dark brown I'm the dark, white color of her soaked pants, and the brown trailed down her legs. It stunk. Ms. Channy fell to her knees in defeat.

"Ms. Channy!" The principal yelled.

On her knees, face covered as she cried, she screamed, "WHY! I'm so humiliated, I-" but as she got up to run she slipped in her own pee and fell face first in it.

Ms. Channy's reputation was dead. So was her confidence. And her clothes.

End.

*036*2018-06-26 16:51

{{2 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Poor ms.channy but loved that ending

}}

Think she’ll ever go back to work? Lol

