The Wet Meeting

Author: Red Simpson

*000*2020-11-01 00:43

Hello guys been a while since I did a Sims story and this one was a request from @mipmixer

If you'd like to request a story please feel free to DM me with an idea and I'll put it up here, do remember my editing isn't the best but I make do with what I have and some of the wet panties are from mods which you can find on Google.

Anyway without further ado lets start the story and I hope you enjoy it.

###

$$

$$

It was a gorgeous afternoon in the office tower of Landgrab Inc near the main city where four co workers were preparing for a long meeting.

$$

$$

Rosa (on the right): "Cathy.....Do we have to have this meeting? I was rather comfortable sitting at home watching movies all day." Rosa asks, Rosa is the newest member of Landgrab Inc with the boss away Cathy was left in charge of the meeting.

Cathy (on the left): "Unfortunately Rosa we do but it's not all bad the Boss said we can have as much sparkling water as we want." Cathy replies enthusiastically as she head to join her remaining co workers.

$$

Sonya (on the left) had already sat down to have her water while Leah (on the right) puts the bottle away before grabbing her own glass.

$$

Sonya: "I don't know about you but I wish Mr Landgrab would do more around here in regards to more facilities there's only one for us women in the entire building." Sonya complains.

Leah: "This is why I go before leaving my house." Leah replies remembering she didn't go before leaving due to a short notice with the meeting.

$$

An hour and a half later and their meeting room was ready, both Cathy and Sonya were already there.....

$$

While Leah and Rosa were lagging behind after finishing their drinks.

$$

Cathy: "Ahh good Rosa and Leah nice of you two to join us, take a seat girls." Cathy says with a laugh.

$$

Cathy takes a moment before addressing the room.

Cathy: "Right girls thank you all for coming here today, now as we know the company is going through an economy crash so it's our job to figure out how to raise those funds...."

$$

She then turns to Rosa before continuing.

Cathy: ".....and Rosa as you're the newest here I don't expect you to have the full picture or have any ideas but feel free to pitch in ok?" she asks with a confident smile.

$$

Rosa: "Thanks Cathy, if I have any idea I'll shoot them your way." she replies smiling.

$$

$$

Suddenly the smile on Cathy's face disappeared as her full bladder needed her attention but as head of the meeting she had to set an example for Rosa.

$$

Leah then broke the silence.

Leah: "How about we have a fund raiser.....we can use the local park and have fun and game, maybe even some food and drinks....."

$$

$$

Leah's sentence was cut off by her own call by nature as she squeezes her legs to stop herself from embarrassment.$$

At the same time Sonya with also struggling with her bladder yet refused to say a word about it.

$$

Cathy: "That is an excellent idea Leah...." Cathy says writing it down in her journal.

$$

Rosa suddenly perked up.

Rosa: "OhOh!!! I have an idea.....why don't we have a water day, we can rent a water park and and use all the water rides and....." she suddenly finds herself unable to speak another word with water in the sentence.

$$

$$

Cathy: "That's...um an interesting....idea Rosa...." Cathy replies less convinced with that plan.

$$

Cathy then suddenly decides to stand up.

Leah: "Um....Cathy.....why did you stand up....the meeting isn't over yet?" Leah asks and just as Cathy is about to reply....

$$

$$

She suddenly feels her bladder's hold betray her as hot clear pee begins to rush out from her defeated bladder as all she could do was watch.$$

$$

$$

After a full minute her full stream turns into a dribble before cutting itself off, she takes a shaky sigh of relief before proceeding to take her skirt and tights off to look at the damage which gave the girls quite a fright.$$

$$

$$

All part from Cathy: "OMG Cathy!!!"

$$

$$

Cathy take one more slightly embarrassed sigh before addressing the room.

Cathy: "This meeting is over....pack up girls I'm going home." she says before proceeding to leave the meeting room.

$$

$$

Rosa: "Well....that was interesting.....does that happen a lot here?" Rosa asks.

Sonya and Leah: "All the time." Both girls replied together before Leah goes to leave but is stop short by another call from mother nature.

$$

This time it wasn't going to be ignored nor wait a second longer.

$$

$$

$$

Leah too felt control slip away as she began to piss herself.

Leah: *Good thing this is such a big skirt...* she thinks to herself before letting her bladder finish then heading for the door when she heard Sonya letting out a desperate moan.

$$

Leah lets a smile escape her lips knowing exactly what Sonya was doing.

$$

$$

$$

Sonya couldn't hold back the flood any longer and just like her co workers she too emptied her bladder's contents into her undies and skirt.

Rosa: "How the mighty have fallen tehe....I'm kidding.......I find that kinda hot." Rosa admits looking at Sonya's wet skirt.

$$

Meanwhile now away from embarrassment she'd kinda created, Leah was able to look at the damage on her undies.

Leah: *these are salvageable.....* she thinks to herself.$$

$$

Back in the meeting room, Sonya had got her skirt and tights off and was looking at her soaked undies.

Sonya: "These......are....SOAKED." She says blushing lightly.

$$

Rosa: "Would it make you feel a little better if......I pissed in the corridor? leave a nice fuck you surprise for Mr Landgrab?" Rosa suggests her hands buried in her crotch.

Sonya: "Why not.....just go pee in the toilet....I think there's enough mess here for Mr Landgrab to get the message.

But as the two left the room Rosa suddenly removes her trousers and panties, then squats.

$$

Rosa: "I beg to differ......AHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!! thats better......" she moans as she releases all her built up pee.

*002*2020-11-01 00:52

{{Just now, Codedog92 said:

What a lovely bunch of ladies from the Sims peeing themselves. Please keep it up

}}

Thank you, I recently got some more DLC so you'll possibly see some mermaid desperation.

