Young CEO

Author: Rune Vesgina

*000*2020-07-28 02:31

Neko 25 year old woke up in underwear ( that is pajamas ) because the sunlight that caught her eyes through the window of her room. Come downstairs to take a shower, eat her toast and black coffee, finish her breakfast and dress up the office uniform and drive to the office. She arrived at the office'good morning Neko-san 'The staff there respected Neko because of her position as the CEO of this office.Neko accepted the respect from the staff and went to the office on the 30th floor. Neko arranges another cold water and sits at her desk ' This is the document you will need to clear today. ' and a secretary comes to give her the documents she has to clear today.The coolness of the air conditioner and the morning air made Neko work comfortably, without any problems.

The first file, the second file that Neko can clear the document with a glass of cold water. She can pass it easily.Until some time passed, Neko began to be pressured into the bladder, causing her to realize that she had forgotten to go to the bathroom in the morning. Neko began to move her thighs around to hold it because she wanted to clear the document and she would use the bathroom without going back to her desk again.The time passed to almost noon. The third file she was cleared was taking a long time because of the pressure from her bladder and the number of documents she had to clear more than she thought. Neko began to squeeze her thighs instead of moving her thighs so she can concentrate more on her work.

' Arrrrr ' After passing the lunch break, Neko needs to take a break and go to the bathroom and go to eat lunch at the same time.In the moment that the bathroom door was opened, an insect with tentacles moved very fast, moving towards her. 'Ahhhhhhhhhh! 'Neko was extremely shocked and closed the door with her whole strength, ignoring what the door would be like and retreated a few steps away from the bathroom door.It is the insect that her hate the most since her were born. It is like a rival since her's last life.' c…. cockroach ' Neko is short of breath and tries to gather her mind. She squeezed her thighs stronger because that shock caused her to leaked a bit and thought about 'what to do, the room she wanted in front of her, but there was a hindrance' Neko didn't dare to go to this bathroom and decided to go to the toilet at the food court,

Neko went down the elevator, where she bounced back and forth in the lift and squeezed her thighs to the food court but the problem arose again. The line that awaits the bathroom is long until the entrance to the bathroom.So Neko changed the plan to have lunch first and waited for the line to drop. 'Ah, I can do it I can do it. ' Neko put her hand between her legs and squeezed her thighs and moved her thighs alternately and quickly handled the curry but the rice curry her eat is quite spicy, so her need to eat cold water to quench the spiciness.

What Neko did was wrong. The coldness from the water she drank through her bladder made it more stimulating.' Ah! ' Neko leaks again, causing the dark spots on her jeans to appear. She rushed to the bathroom, but the waiting line to go to the bathroom was still no longer different from her. Neko leaked again and the dark spot where her jeans slightly expanded. Neko couldn't hold it for that long, so she ran to the office and hoped that the cockroaches would disappear.

'Hurry or else I'll piss myself.' Neko waits in the elevator alone and crosses her legs back and forth and leaks a little more. The dark spots expand again. 28th floor, 29th floor, *Ding*, Neko arrived at the floor where she worked, and she rushed to the office At this time, warm liquid is dripping on the floor that she ran past. Neko opened the door of the office, now a warm liquid came out and a dark spot spread on her legs. Neko didn't have time to close the bathroom door and she rushed to the bathroom door and turned the door latch but…..

'L….Lock n….no! ' Bathroom door lock Her secretary used the bathroom. Neko began to tear her cheeks with liquid coming out of her vagina and knocked on the door frequently. ' Hey, Secretary. Hurry and come out. I'll piss now! ' but there was no response. ‘ Hey, hurry up! I can't hold it anymore. ’ There was still no response from the bathroom. The warm liquid slowly cracked out of her vagina until she could no longer resist it. 'Ahh! I… can't ' Neko began to squat down and began to release all the warm liquids. She clung to the bathroom door and sobbed, with the golden liquid still flowing.

The bathroom door opened. Her secretary saw that Neko was peeing herself, but a mobile phone was filming a video that Neko was peeing and made lust. ' Ah! Please don't take' Neko covered her face in her face so she couldn't see her face in the video, and then she finished pissing. Piss the pile under her butts and the feet of her secretary too.Neko sobbed on the floor and her secretary extended her hand to help her get up and go according to plan. 'Ah! ' Neko snatched the secretary's phone and successfully deleted her clip. ' Arrr The clip that I have taken ' Neko's secretary is crying that Nego deleted her clip. ' This is the punishment of what you do. ' Neko took off her jeans and black pants, the more damage she thought was wet on the back, both wearing and wearing towels, and then cleared her documents.

Neko returned to the house and swayed her clothes into the tub and took a shower, but she thought about what happened all day, and then she put a finger in her vagina, her body restless. And move your finger stronger cried out and moaning, and after that her body became weaker. Neko will never forget what happened today and will remember forever.

Finish

