A Desperate Weekend Drive - Kotori from Love Live!

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2022-06-06 05:45

Another commission by @Zenkopan

! This one stars Kotori from Love Live! I had a lot of fun writing this one, so I hope you all enjoy!

A Desperate Weekend Drive

The sharp, piercing sounds of an alarm filled Kotori’s room as the mid-morning light filtered in, and the tired girl found herself rolling over and rubbing sleep from her eyes. Squinting, she glanced at the clock before letting out a yawn. 9:30.

It was later than she normally woke up on a Saturday, but in Kotori’s defense, she had gone through quite the tiresome week. Work on Monday and Wednesday, dance practice on Tuesday, a rehearsal for μ's on Thursday for the big live they did just last night, something which took well into the evening, as they wanted their music video to fully utilize the nighttime setting. Not to mention Wednesday she had offered to work a double shift to cover for Friday’s absence.

Kotori wasn’t one to complain about being busy, but compared to Honoka with her boundless energy and determination, and Umi with her unconquerable work ethic and sense of responsibility, she was certainly no stranger to feeling a bit lazy. So, today, she wanted nothing more than to sleep in and relax.

Kotori rolled over onto her back, fully intending to sleep in, and felt a strong twinge from her bladder. It wasn’t uncommon for her to need to pee in the mornings, and last night she had stayed quite hydrated for her performance. Kotori ignored it, closing her tired eyes and trying not to focus on the pressure in her abdomen as she hoped sleep would take her again.

Unfortunately, her full bladder refused to be ignored, and every time Kotori found herself starting to drift, her bladder would send a signal of pressure and discomfort coursing through her. The first time she squeezed her thighs together, trying to let the wave pass. The second time Kotori found herself shuffling as she rolled over onto her side, hoping that would help. The third and fourth times, Kotori wiggled on her bed, debating with herself whether she should get up or not.

She was tired, and on the very cusp of falling back asleep. If Kotori got up now to pee, despite how tired she felt, there was no guarantee she’d be tired enough to get some more rest afterwards. On the other hand, all Kotori was doing right now was putting off the inevitable. She wasn’t getting any more sleep no matter how much she wanted to, and it seemed like her bladder was waking up too. The more she waited, the more desperate she got. Even while lying down, Kotori was shaking and squeezing her thighs together as she tried in vain to ignore her need, and she was rubbing her foot against the back of her calf as she held it.

Eventually, another wave of desperation washed over her, and Kotori decided she had enough. Grabbing herself long enough to fight back the pressure until the wave subsided, she pulled herself upright and swung her legs over the side of the bed.

The motion itself was enough to send her bladder into overdrive, and she once again had to squeeze her thighs together and wait before even attempting to stand up. Once she did, Kotori noticed 2 things. The first was that, now that she was standing, she had to pee far worse than she thought she did while laying down, and she wasn’t exactly able to ignore it before. The second was that her legs were sore from all the training, rehearsals, and dancing she did that week. They didn’t hurt too much, but it was enough to add to her discomfort to her current situation.

Moving quickly, Kotori found herself half-walking, half-hobbling out of her room and into the hallway, making a bee-line for the toilet, secretly hoping she would not run into her mother along the way. Her mom would certainly be awake by now, and she wanted to avoid any awkward conversations about her desperate waddle as she hurried down the hall.

By the time Kotori made it to the bathroom, she was quite desperate, shuffling her weight from foot to foot as she pulled down her pajamas and panties. She quickly sat down on the toilet and relaxed, and almost immediately all the pent up urine from a night of sleeping burst out of her. She threw her head back and let out a heavy sigh of relief as she peed, listening to the stream splashing hard against the toilet bowl. As she leaned forwards, she looked down and saw the strong, steady stream as she emptied her bladder. Very slowly, she felt the pressure inside of her subside, replaced with the feeling of blissful relief as her stream slowly tapered off.

Once she was done, all her exhaustion from the week came flooding back, and Kotori was almost afraid she’d fall asleep on the toilet. Instead, she managed to wipe herself off and flush before pulling up her bottoms and washing her hands.

Now that her bladder was empty, Kotori found herself walking lazily back to her bedroom. Contrary to her worries, the trip to relieve herself hadn’t woken her up more, and now that she was much more comfortable, she was eager to collapse back into her bed to catch more z’s. As she plopped back down onto her mattress, she realized her mouth was uncomfortably dry. Reaching over to her nightstand, Kotori grabbed the water bottle that she always kept there and downed its contents in one go. Once she was both fully relieved and properly hydrated, Kotori laid back down, and almost the moment her head hit the pillow, she was asleep.

---

Knock Knock Knock!

“Kotori! Kotori! Are you still sleeping in there?”

Kotori stirred to the sound of knocking on her bedroom door and her mother calling out to her. She sat up and rubbed her eyes, glancing over at the clock again. It was almost 11.

“Kotori! It’s time to wake up!”

“I’m up, mom!” Kotori called out sleepily before letting out a long yawn.

“I made breakfast, though I suppose at this point it’s closer to brunch,” Kotori’s mom joked.

“Thanks, mom! I’ll be out in a minute,” Kotori called back.

She pulled herself out of bed and began getting ready for the day, starting with changing out of her pajamas. She put on a simple white t-shirt and a frilled skirt, and headed over to her mirror to brush her hair and tie it up into her usual side ponytail, fastening it with a green ribbon.

As she stood up, she let out another yawn and noticed that, once again, her mouth was uncomfortably dry. She reached over to grab her water bottle and tried to take a swig, before recalling that she had completely downed its contents earlier when she went back to bed. She instead grabbed it and headed down to the kitchen for breakfast.

Her mom had made a simple, traditional-style Japanese breakfast, which was already set out on the table for her. Kotori refilled her water bottle and took a few large swigs before sitting down to eat.

“So, how did last night go? I was going to ask you, but you came back pretty late, and you seemed exhausted, so I didn’t want to keep you,” Kotori’s mother asked, smiling.

“It went really well, I think,” Kotori began, smiling, “I was really nervous, because they chose me as the center, but we all practiced really hard and I think it paid off!”

“That’s fantastic! I’ll have to watch the video later, I’ll spare you the embarrassment of watching it now,” her mother smiled.

Kotori nodded gratefully, digging into her breakfast. She did enjoy watching the finished product once they were done with their performance, but she got really self-conscious about it when she watched it around others, especially anyone outside of μ's. She also got really nervous watching it before she knew their results. Every misstep, every time she fell out of time with the music, and every imperfection with her costumes and their designs stood out to her like a sore thumb. She liked to stay positive, so she usually waited a while before actually watching it.

“Oh, would you like to come with me to Aoyama? I’m meeting with a friend there for the afternoon, and I know you like looking around the shops there for fashion ideas.”

“Oh,” Kotori paused. On one hand, she was still exhausted from the hectic week she just had, but on the other hand, it had been quite a while since she got to visit Aoyama and walking around the shops and window-shopping did sound like a good way to unwind. Ultimately, she decided with a “sure thing! That sounds fun!”

“Perfect!”

“Are we taking the train?” Kotori asked, taking another bite of her breakfast and following it up with another large swig of water.

“Actually, I was planning on driving there today! It’s been a while since I’ve taken the car out, and it’s an hour and a half either way.”

“Sounds good!” Kotori smiled. She typically enjoyed car trips with her mom, and it would also guarantee she would be able to sit through the whole trip. While it was the weekend, Aoyama was a popular destination, and she imagined the trains would be quite busy, especially the closer they got.

Once the pair finished breakfast, Kotori found herself reaching for her water bottle, only to once again find it empty. She shrugged and refilled it again. She was going to need more water anyway for the road trip.

“Can you help me clean up, Kotori?”

“Of course.”

Kotori cleaned up the table, bringing things to the sink. She helped her mom wash them with soap and hot water before loading them all onto the drying rack. Once they were done, she dried off her hands and let out a tired yawn. Her mom laughed, motioning to the fridge.

“There’s some cans of coffee in the fridge if you want one, to stay awake. We also have some tea if you’d prefer. I’m going to get changed, and once I do I should be ready to leave!”

“Thanks mom!” Kotori smiled.

As suggested, she reached into the fridge and grabbed a can of coffee. She generally preferred tea, but she figured a can of coffee would be easier to take with her on the car trip. She cracked it open and took a sip before heading back to her bedroom. If she was going to Aoyama, she wanted to dress up a bit more than her casual outfit.

After looking over her wardrobe, she settled on a grey t-shirt with a black star pattern across the chest underneath a pale green blouse that she left unbuttoned. She wore a yellow wristband and a copper bracelet on her left arm, and while she kept on her white frilled skirt, she paired it with two grey thigh high socks and a brown belt.

Not too long after she got dressed, she heard another knock on her door.

“Ready to go?”

“Yup!” Kotori called, heading out into the hallway.

Her mom was wearing a nice casual blouse with a blue jacket, and a matching blue skirt with tights, accented with a silver bracelet and matching necklace. She was clearly dressed for a nice afternoon out.

“You don’t have to go to the bathroom before we leave or anything, do you?”

Kotori recalled her morning with some amount of embarrassment, but it hadn’t been that long since she went last, and she wasn’t holding on to a night’s worth of urine. So she wasn’t worried about needing to go before leaving.

“Nope, I’m fine, mom!”

“Alright, then let’s get going!”

The two slipped on their shoes and headed out. They both headed down to the street where Kotori’s mom’s car was parked and climbed in. Kotori took another sip of her coffee before sliding it into the cup holder. She also slipped her water bottle into another cup holder by the door and waited for them to get going.

As her mom climbed into the other seat, she started up the car and pulled away from the house, and just like that they were on their way.

Kotori continued to sip on her coffee, alternating between it and her water. She watched idly as the houses passed by, eventually giving way to more hilly terrain and wooded areas as they left the outskirts of the city and entered into a more mountainous area. The road cut through here and over a bridge before they entered the city proper.

“So, mom,” Kotori asked, “Who are you going to see?”

“Oh, her name’s Tomoe, she’s an old friend who used to work on the school board. I haven’t seen her in ages,” her mother answered, “I think you met her once or twice.”

“Oh, Ms. Hashimata? Yeah, I remember her,” Kotori nodded.

“Well, she’s actually MRS. Hashimata now, she just got back from a honeymoon with her new husband, from what I hear! I’m sure we’ll have so much to catch up on!”

As her mother idly gossiped about her old friend, Kotori found the vibrations of the car and her exhaustion from earlier catching up to her. Despite having gone through at least half a can of coffee, she felt her eyelids grow heavy as she leaned her head back and gazed out the window. She stared blankly at the trees as they rushed by, the warmth of the sun filtering in through the windows onto her face only further lulling her closer to sleep. She tried to keep conversing with her mom, but soon she once again found herself drifting off.

---

“Kotori! Kotori? Are you dressed yet?”

Kotori looked around, and noticed that she was in some sort of dressing room. She could hear Umi knocking on the door outside.

“Kotori, we’re up in 5 minutes! Are you ready?”

Kotori looked down. She was clad in a frilly stage costume, white and black with pale green highlights. It was quite open, showing off a bit of her chest and abdomen, and the skirt was frilled and quite open. She could feel the cold air of the dressing room hitting her inner thighs.

“Coming!” she called out. However, as she stepped forwards, she could feel a strong urge in her bladder. She had to pee pretty badly. She looked around, but there weren’t any bathrooms in the changing room.

Instead, Kotori shuffled out and looked at Umi, “Hey, where’s the restrooms, I promise I’ll be quick!”

“What are you talking about?” Umi asked, “Did you forget? We’re all doing this live on a full bladder, remember?”

“What?” Kotori asked. Something about that didn’t make sense to her, but as she tried to recall what Umi was talking about, her mind was drawing a total blank.

“It’s part of the competition. I mean, if we’re gonna be idols, we have to be able to hold it in on stage, right?”

Even though Umi was saying that, Kotori could tell her friend was desperate, shuffling from side to side restlessly. There were beads of sweat pooling up on Umi’s forehead, even though they hadn’t even begun their performance yet, and she was crossing her arms in discomfort.

“Anyway, come on, hurry up! The sooner we finish, the sooner we all get to pee.”

Kotori, feeling her own full bladder, didn’t protest one bit. She followed Umi to the backstage where she met with Honoka, who was bouncing desperately from foot-to-foot. Watching her only heightened Kotori’s own desperation, and she found herself rubbing her thighs desperately together.

Kotori met the rest of μ's backstage, and noticed that all of them were in various stages of desperation. Eli seemed the most composed, though Kotori could tell she was shuffling around uncomfortably, moreso than she normally would before a bit live. Maki initially seemed unphased, but she was shaking her leg up and down and her arms were crossed over her chest like she was irritated. Nozomi was smiling, but she was shuffling from foot to foot and her knees were rubbing past each other. Hanayo was standing stark still, her expression stiff as she tried to force a smile. Rin was hopping desperately from foot to foot, a hand shamelessly jammed between the frilly skirt of her idol costume.

Nico was crossing her arms and legs, swaying back and forth as her knees buckled. Honoka herself simply seemed full of boundless energy, but Kotori could tell from experience there was more to her restless shuffling than just excitement and nervousness.

As soon as she and Umi arrived, the group steeled themselves and they all headed out on stage. Kotori was no stranger to stage fright, but she had never been so nervous to be in front of so many people. She tried to pick out anyone she recognized, but the bright stage lights and the dark seating area meant that all she could see was a mass of faceless silhouettes.

As soon as she began dancing, Kotori could feel her bladder protest. The dance moves they had picked for this performance weren’t exactly difficult, likely a choice made to avoid putting too much extra stress on their strained bladders, but it made it no less difficult. Each time Kotori had to jump, or bounce, or spread her legs, she could feel all the liquid inside her slosh around uncomfortably.

The others looked to be having equal difficulties. Nozomi was noticeably out of step and she was outright refusing to fully commit to some of the more active dance moves, likely trying to avoid sloshing around all the pent up urine inside of her. Rin was shaky and whenever she got the chance with her back to the audience, she would give her crotch a quick squeeze, hoping no one would notice the hand movements.

Nico was mostly composed, but Kotori caught her pausing for an entire half-step, buckling her knees and squeezing her thighs together tightly. Hanayo was biting her lip as she tried to keep time. Her dancing was stiff and awkward, and Kotori could even see a noticeable bulge through her form-fitting costume. With a bladder that full, her shyness was likely the only thing keeping her from acting as outwardly desperate as the others. Maki and Eri were the most normal, with Maki’s dancing only a bit stiffer than normal, and Eri barely giving anything away.

Finally, Kotori turned to look at her fellow 2nd-years. Honoka was restless, adding shuffling and bouncing to her dancing that Kotori could tell were parts of a thinly disguised pee dance. She was undoubtedly bursting. Umi was putting on an air of elegance and composure, but Kotori could see her underlying discomfort in both her movements and her stiff expression.

The song was a total struggle for all of them, and halfway through Kotori found herself wondering if it was even possible to keep holding it through the song. Certainly from some of their behaviors Kotori was sure some of the others weren’t completely dry under their idol costumes. Nozomi had stopped completely and crossed her legs, and she had been shaky ever since. Maki’s movements had grown significantly stiffer, and Kotori was sure she could see the signs of a leak making its way down Rin’s legs. All of the other girls were growing more stiff and awkward in their movements, and Honoka had devolved into doing an open potty dance right there on stage. Kotori herself felt her bladder squeeze and spasm in protest of her exertions, and she just wanted the song to be over.

After what felt like an eternity, the song reached its end, and after a hurried thank you to the audience, all of μ's rushed backstage. They all beelined it for the bathrooms, no longer caring to keep their desperation hidden. Only Eri, Umi, and Nico were still trying to put up an air of composure, but it was thinly veiled at best. Even Maki was hopping from foot to foot and balling up the front of her frilled dress in her hands.

By the time they got to the bathroom, they were dismayed to find that it only had 6 stalls. Almost immediately, Nozomi rushed in without waiting for a protest or a discussion, and Rin followed in shortly after. Hanayo looked like she was debating waiting to decide who would get the rest, but the precedent of “every girl for herself” was already set. She and Maki charged into the next 2 stalls, and Nico and Eri snatched up the last 2 before any of the second-years could make a move.

Realizing they wouldn’t make it, they shuffled back out and over to the men’s restroom. However, their luck did not hold up, and not only were there less proper stalls on the men’s side to begin with, but two were occupied and two were marked with out of order signs.

That left two urinals, and a few less than desirable options. Honoka immediately rushed and claimed one of the urinals for herself, hiking up her skirt, pulling down her panties, and standing with her legs spread and her hips forward. It was clear her intention was to let loose in the urinal, but whether it was from a lack of practice standing up to pee or just from the sheer volume she was holding, her pee practically exploded out of her, spraying out and making a mess of the urinal. The patterning of hot urine hitting the ground and the walls of the bathroom drowned out whatever of the stream was ringing against the porcelain of the urinal.

Honoka shuffled forwards and tried to arc her stream further, but all this seemed to accomplish was angling her messy spray upwards. If Honoka cared about the absolute mess she was making, she gave no indication, instead leaning forward and letting out a loud sigh of relief. Even though her stream was still going strong, making a puddle on the ground and spraying down her legs, Kotori could see her friend’s knees buckle as she continued to relieve herself.

Kotori turned away, not wanting to watch. She couldn’t see herself or Umi joining their friend, regardless of how desperate they were. Just as Kotori was about to suggest to Umi they return to the girl’s restroom to hopefully wait for an open stall, however, Umi shocked Kotori by picking the stall next to Honoka’s, taking care not to stand in the ever-growing puddle her friend was making. She arched her back and leaned forwards, hiking her skirt up and pulling her panties to the side rather than pulling them down completely.

With what seemed to be a practiced movement, Umi repositioned herself and aimed for the urinal. She let out a short spurt that arched and splashed onto the ground and immediately repositioned herself, before unleashing a strong, steady stream directly into the urinal. It made a dull ringing sound as it splashed against the back of the urinal, with some leaking down and landing on the scented pad with a muted patter. Umi threw her head back shamelessly as she savored the relief, and Honoka, who’s messy spray had tapered off to a trickle that was now mostly winding up in her urinal, looked almost impressed by Umi’s neat arch.

Kotori, too, found herself impressed, but also somewhat confused. She never thought Umi would ever pee in such an inappropriate place so openly, let alone with enough practiced grace to be neat about it.

As Kotori found herself questioning the situation, she quickly recalled her own desperation, and looked down, only to feel herself let out a spurt into her panties. She panicked, trying to debate what to do, when a voice that sounded like her mother called out to her.

“Kotori?”

She looked around, petrified that her mother was about to walk into the men’s room to see the embarrassing mess her friends were making, and her desperate situation.

“Kotori?”

Suddenly, the world around her began to fade, and Kotori was confused as to what was going on. All she knew is that she didn’t want to wet herself, so she kept holding it.

---

“Kotori!”

Suddenly Kotori felt herself being shaken awake. Her eyes shot open and she found herself back in her mom’s car. It took her a few moments to realize what had happened. It had been a dream.

“Did you sleep well?” her mom joked, “You seemed like you were having a nightmare, you looked uncomfortable and were groaning in your sleep.”

‘

“I guess it was kind of a bad dream,” Kotori nodded, though she wasn’t sure if it was more of a bad dream or a weird dream in retrospect, “Sorry I fell asleep, I was tired.”

“It’s no big deal. I remember when I was younger, car trips always made me sleepy too.”

Their conversation fell off and suddenly Kotori remembered and she recalled how desperate she was in her dream, and that she had leaked right before her dream ended. As subtle as she could without her mom noticing, she checked her panties, really hoping that part had just been a dream. Thankfully, she was still dry, but Kotori could feel her bladder filling up again. It wasn’t urgent, and was nowhere near as bad as it had been in her dream, but she squeezed her thighs together and looked around.

“Hey mom, how long have we been driving?”

“It’s been about 45 minutes, so we’re just about halfway there, we’re making good time.”

Kotori wasn’t that concerned. She could feel the slight nag of her bladder tugging at the back of her mind, but she was certain that it was mostly due to her strange dream bringing her attention to it. She leaned back and tried to ignore it. Not wanting to fall asleep again and risk having another bizarre dream, Kotori reached for her coffee and downed the rest of it quickly. It had warmed up from the trip and it wasn’t really pleasant to drink, so she quickly chased it down with a swig of water and gazed out the front windshield.

She let herself zone out as she watched the trees and other cars and street signs zoom by. Her mother had put on some music for driving, and Kotori listened to it as she thought about the day she was going to have. She was excited to walk around the shops, looking at various different clothing stores and seeing the latest fashion trends. She didn’t think she would actually pick anything up, but she had recently gotten paid from her job at the maid cafe, so she didn’t entirely discount the possibility of grabbing a new outfit.

As she continued to watch the trees roll by, however, her mind kept being drawn back to her bladder. Perhaps it was because there wasn’t much else to focus on, or perhaps it was because her dream from earlier kept dragging her mind back to it, but she could feel her bladder filling steadily. It was still at a level where Kotori could simply shift and press her thighs together in the seat every once in a while to keep the discomfort at bay, but given that she still had half a car trip to go, she was getting a little nervous about how bad she’d have to go by the end.

It didn’t help that the sun was steadily beating down on the car, and while her mom was running the AC, Kotori still felt a little warm, which in turn made her thirsty. Reluctantly, she reached down for her water bottle again and took another swig, trying to satiate her thirst without adding too much liquid that would inevitably make its way into her bladder.

A few minutes later, though, and Kotori’s concern over her bladder was turning into worry. Perhaps it was from the coffee, or all the water she had drank, but her bladder was filling up fast. She was trying her best to push the need to the back of her mind, and trying not to make it too obvious, but her bladder kept sending nagging signals, forcing her to rub her thighs together or shift her position in her seat. She tried to tug at her skirt as well, so the car’s AC wasn’t licking at her inner thighs, but no matter what she tried, she was becoming increasingly aware of her filling bladder.

“So, mom, what are your plans with Mrs. Hashimata?” Kotori asked, trying to strike up a conversation to distract her from her predicament.

“Well, apparently there’s a new cafe that opened up nearby, and Tomoe wouldn’t stop gushing about it, so I knew we had to meet up there,” her mom smiled, “Her husband apparently works at one of the higher end clothing stores there as a manager, so she visits Aoyama quite a lot!”

“Oh, I wonder what store,” Kotori asked, curious.

“It’s a really upscale chain called Scarlette, I hear,” her mother mentioned.

“I heard about them. Some of the girls at the cafe were talking about their new fashion line the other day,” Kotori mentioned, “I don’t think any of us could afford anything there, though. The cafe pays well, but the prices were pretty outrageous, even for really nice clothing.”

As Kotori and her mother got into a conversation about clothing, Kotori mostly pushed the sensations from her abdomen to the back of her mind. A few moments later, however, a strong wave of urgency washed over Kotori, and she found herself pausing mid-sentence to squeeze her legs together. She rubbed her knees together as she clenched her jaw, trying to push back the sudden urge. By the end, it was clear her mother had noticed something.

“Are you okay, sweetie?”

“Y-yeah,” Kotori lied, but then looked around. The wooded area had given way to an urban sprawl, and while it would be embarrassing to ask, this would be one of the last chances they would have to stop before Kotori would have to hold it for the rest of the trip, “Actually, mom, I kind of have to go to the bathroom.”

“Oh? Well, we only have a half-hour left in our trip. Could you try to hold it the rest of the way, or do you really need me to stop?”

Kotori was put on the spot. Her bladder was filling up, and her constant memories of the strange dream she had certainly weren’t helping, but her mother didn’t seem to want to stop, and she had passed up the chance to go before they left. Even though Kotori was worried, she was sure she could make it that another 30 minutes, with some mild discomfort, so she squeezed her legs together and shook her head.

“No, it’s okay, mom, I can wait,” Kotori replied, downplaying her urge.

“Okay, I’ll try to drive a bit faster for you.”

With that, the two returned to their conversation about clothes, but Kotori let her mother take the lead. Her urge to pee was no longer sequestered to the back of her mind. It was at the forefront, and she could feel every sensation. Every vibration of the car, and every bump they rolled over only heightened her need, and her bladder’s protests grew more frequent. She could really feel the coffee and water she drank earlier getting to her.

Kotori did what she could to distract herself from her increasing desperation. She tried to focus on her mom’s words, talking about the clothes she used to wear when she was younger, some of the phases she went through, and the fancy, incredibly expensive dress she was wearing when she met Kotori’s father. She also mentally tried keeping track of the number of different colored cars she spotted. Unfortunately, it seemed like there were a disproportionate number of yellow cars out on the road today, and each one that passed them by only reminded Kotori of the yellow liquid building up in her abdomen.

Fifteen slow, drawn out minutes later, and Kotori looked up, only to see her heart sink like a stone. They were in the last stretch of their trip, crossing the bridge that took them directly into the heart of the city, but unfortunately there was traffic backed up halfway across the bridge. They came to a stop behind one of the yellow sports cars Kotori had seen pass them by earlier, and as if it was also reacting to the fact that they stopped, Kotori’s bladder sent a powerful wave of desperation through her.

She found herself leaning forwards, squeezing her thighs together tightly as her foot bounced up and down. She bit her lip as she felt the wave of pressure continue to build, as if her bladder was trying to squeeze its contents out by force. She squeezed back, shuffling in her seat as she did so, and waited for the desperation to subside.

After a few agonizing moments, it did, but only somewhat, and Kotori still felt the pressure prodding her uncomfortably. She was having a hard time sitting still, and she was sure her mother had noticed her desperate dancing in the seat next to her.

The only saving grace of them being stopped was the lack of bouncing and vibrations from the road transferring directly into Kotori’s full bladder. Unfortunately, it was replaced by the slow crawl of traffic, inching forwards at a pace that would make a snail look fast. That also brought with it the regularly timed jostles of the car moving and stopping. Even with Kotori’s mother being a relatively smooth driver, it was impossible to eliminate all of the shaking of the car creeping forwards and stopping again and again.

Kotori could feel each shake slosh the mass of fluid built up in her abdomen. She could feel her bladder start to bulge outwards against the waistband of her skirt and she found herself leaning back to try to take as much pressure off as possible. Her hands played with the bottom hem of her skirt restlessly, Kotori having to resist the urge to plunge them down between her legs and bunching up her skirt against her crotch in desperation. She tried not to make her desperation too obvious as she shuffled uncomfortably in the seat, but realistically she knew that eventually her mother would bring something up.

A few agonizing minutes later, her mom turned to her and finally broke the silence, “How are you holding up?”

“I’ve gotta go, but I can hold it,” Kotori answered, trying to downplay how badly she needed to pee.

“Sorry, if I had known we would get stuck in traffic, I would’ve stopped when we had the chance,” Kotori’s mom apologized, “Hang in there, okay?”

Kotori nodded, focusing on holding it. She was no longer trying to distract herself from the pressure building in her bladder. She couldn’t even if she wanted to. For now Kotori simply squeezed her thighs together tightly, trying to sit as still as possible, and hoped that the traffic would get moving sooner rather than later.

Ten minutes later, however, and traffic didn’t appear to be moving any faster. Kotori continued to gaze forwards, trying to focus on the distant end of the bridge rather than the conspicuously yellow car idling directly in front of them. The end of the bridge was in sight, but it was agonizingly far away, and Kotori’s bladder hadn’t slowed down with the traffic. If anything, it seemed to have filled even faster now that they were stopped with nowhere to pull over, and Kotori was seriously struggling.

She bounced her foot up and down nervously as she squeezed and shuffled her legs together. Her attempts to not move around too much turned into trying not to twist and bounce enough to shake the whole car as she shifted around in a desperate attempt to find a position that would alleviate even a little bit of the urgency. Perhaps it was because of the strange dream she had earlier, but she found herself glancing down towards the empty coffee can next to her. She knew there was no way she would be able to justify using it to her mom, and even if she could, she was sure she would make a total mess even trying, but she was really beginning to worry that if the traffic didn’t start moving faster soon, she would have to resort to something so drastic if she didn’t want to totally wet herself.

Biting her lip, she tore her eyes away from the coffee can and that entire line of thought, and once again looked towards the end of the bridge. She knew that once they made it there, it would be trivial to find a place to pull over and use the bathroom, but to Kotori and her aching bladder, it seemed so far out of reach.

“I hope you’re holding out alright,” Kotori’s mom spoke up, seemingly noticing Kotori’s increased desperation, “I didn’t expect the traffic to be this bad. As soon as we get the chance, I’ll pull over and find a bathroom. Actually, I kind of have to go too.”

Kotori was surprised and looked over at her mom. She wasn’t showing many outward signs, but she was shuffling her free leg slightly and she was sitting up a bit straighter than normal. Kotori couldn’t imagine her mother ever being as desperate as she was now, but part of her wondered what her mom would do if they were stuck on the bridge for an extended period of time.

Of course, Kotori also knew that would no doubt mean she would certainly wet herself, so she didn’t want to think too hard about that.

“Oh, hey, it looks like it’s finally moving. There might have been an accident that they were finally able to clear.”

Kotori looked up and sure enough, the long line of cars was growing ever shorter as they picked up speed off the bridge. She found herself watching and waiting eagerly for the break in the traffic to reach their car. The second they started inching forwards steadily, and slowly pick up speed, Kotori felt her bladder get over-eager and send a strong wave of desperation shooting through her.

Kotori dropped all pretenses and jammed her hands between her legs, shaking and shuffling around in her seat as she fought back a strong wave of pressure. She felt herself leak a little into her panties, but miraculously her aching muscles were able to put a stopper on it before it became something worse. Kotori was grateful it had only been a small leak, and that she could barely feel it against her crotch, but it was a reminder that she was running out of time.

The wave passed, and Kotori tried not to focus too hard on the relief that was growing closer and closer as they made their way across the bridge. Her bladder continued to protest, sending more waves of pressure coursing through her. Kotori struggled to hold everything back as she squeezed her fingers tighter against her crotch, but luckily she managed to avoid any more leaks.

The car finally made it across the bridge, and immediately Kotori’s mom began looking for a place to pull over. Kotori continued to bounce and dance in her seat desperately, hoping something would pop up sooner rather than later. On the bright side, now that they were in the city proper, there was bound to be a place for them to stop somewhere. However, being in the city also meant a lot of stopping and starting, and as they found themselves waiting at another stop light, Kotori found herself begging for the light to turn green as she desperately held on.

Finally, they spotted a convenience store where Kotori’s mom would be able to park, and they pulled into the small parking lot.

“You can go on ahead, sweetie,” Kotori’s mom smiled, “I’ll park the car.”

“T-thanks, mom,” Kotori nodded.

She steeled herself and practically lunged out of the car before pausing, buckling her knees and trying to fight against the intense wave of desperation that coursed through her from suddenly standing so fast. After she managed to regain some semblance of composure and control, Kotori closed the door and hurried into the convenience store. She made a beeline for the restrooms, trying not to openly hold herself even as she hobbled awkwardly towards the back of the store.

Kotori was eternally grateful there wasn’t a line as she pushed her way into the restroom, and immediately froze, her heat sinking as her bladder screamed at her in protest. There hadn’t been an out of order sign on the bathroom door, but the doors to all 3 stalls were closed up tightly and out of order signs had been placed on all of them. Kotori hobbled over to the stalls and tried them anyway, but all three of them had been locked up tightly.

Kotori turned around, knowing she would have to find somewhere else, but another wave of desperation struck her and she realized she wouldn’t make it anywhere else. She had hit her limit, and there was no way she could hold it the whole time as she hobbled back out to her mother and told her that the stalls were occupied, let alone climb back into the car and wait until they found another place to stop.

Kotori looked around for something else to pee into. She wasn’t thrilled at the idea of peeing outside of a stall, but at this point her options were using something else, or totally wetting herself, and she didn’t want to ruin her or her mother’s day by coming back out with wet clothes.

Kotori looked around for a trash can or a drain or just anything for her to pee into, rather than leaving a puddle on the floor, but this bathroom had the waste basket built into the bottom of the sink, and there was no way Kotori was going to hike herself up on top of the counter for that. If anything, she’d use the sink, but that seemed way too embarrassing, let alone messy for anyone just wanting to wash their hands afterwards.

Dancing around and hopping from foot to foot, on the verge of wetting herself, Kotori looked around for something, anything to pee into, and she saw it. There was a drain just out of reach, underneath the door to one of the stalls. There was a small gap at the bottom of the door so she could see into it, but there was no way for her to crawl underneath it to reach the drain normally.

However, it was close enough to the door that Kotori thought that maybe she could reach it from the outside. She didn’t expect to be as neat as the dream-version of Umi had been, but she would be squatting down, rather than standing up, and she figured it wouldn’t be that different from using a squat toilet.

Kotori debated for a bit whether or not that would be a good idea, but another wave of desperation from her bladder told her she was out of time. She rushed over to it and flipped her skirt up, feeling herself dribble into her panties a little more before she could pull them down. She squatted down, positioning herself as best as she could to aim her stream at the drain underneath the door, and almost immediately the dams burst.

A steady stream of hot pee burst out of her and hit the drain head-on, and at first Kotori was relieved her plan had worked. However, very quickly her stream turned into a powerful spray that angled down more than it arched, not having enough distance to make it under the door far enough to hit the drain. Instead, it spattered onto the floor and began forming a puddle, pooling quickly as her stream totally missed the drain.

Worse still, she was dribbling quite a bit between her legs, with a smaller secondary puddle forming directly underneath her, having no hope of making it under the stall. Both puddles began running across the tiled floor of the bathroom, towards the drain she was aiming for, but the sheer volume she had been holding back easily overpowered anything that could be drained away. The puddle continued to grow, spreading out closer and out from under the stall and towards Kotori.

At first, Kotori barely focused on her failed plans to pee under the door and into the drain, simply basking in the sheer relief of not having to hold it back anymore. Her desperation and subsequent relief from that morning was nothing compared to now, and she found her legs shaking as she braced herself against the door, trying not to fall as her body was taken with blissful relief. However, about halfway through, as the sounds of her forceful flow changed to splashing as the pressure began to subside, Kotori began realizing what it would look like if her mother, or anyone else for that matter, walked in on her like this. She began casting nervous glances towards the door, even as she continued to shamelessly pee onto the floor.

As the puddle continued to grow larger, and nearly reached Kotori’s shoes, she found herself shuffling backwards away from it, having completely given up on actually making it into the drain. Once it had spread far enough from the drain, it started spreading out in an uneven pattern, no longer helped by the contours of the floor.

As Kotori felt her flow taper off, she pushed out, trying to force the rest of her pent up urine out before anyone could walk in on her in this state. Her stream, which had waned into a steady dribble, sprayed out one last time, splashing into the puddle beneath her. And just like that, Kotori was done.

Kotori stood up and let out a relieved sigh, when she looked over to her side and spotted her mother standing there, holding out a packet of tissues for Kotori to wipe herself with.

“M-mom!?” Kotori yelled. She nearly jumped at the sight, and her mind totally blanked. She didn’t even know how to react to seeing her mom standing there. She was mortified, embarrassed, and nervous that her mother would get mad at her for what she just did.

“Here, wipe yourself and make yourself presentable before someone else comes in and sees you,” her mother urged.

Kotori merely followed her mother’s instructions, still trying to process getting caught. She wiped herself off and tried to toss the tissue as far underneath the stall as possible. Unfortunately for her, just like her stream, it came nowhere close, merely falling short into her puddle and getting soaked right underneath the stall. Kotori tried to ignore that she could still see it while standing up as she pulled up her panties and fixed her skirt.

She washed her hands, all-too-aware of her mother watching her, and when she was finished, she let out a heavy sigh and turned around.

“Hey mom, I’m sorry, I-”

Her mother held up a hand and smiled warmly, “It’s okay. You really had to go. You don’t have to explain it to me.”

“But, I-”

“It’s okay, really. You wouldn’t have made it if we tried somewhere else, right? You couldn’t hold it anymore.”

Kotori looked down, nodding sheepishly.

“It’s okay, sweetie. I’m just glad you made it. At least, mostly,” her mother placed a comforting hand on her shoulder, “Besides, it’s partially my fault too. You told me you had to go, and I asked if you could wait. I didn’t expect us to run into traffic that bad.”

“It’s not your fault,” Kotori shook her head, “I didn’t tell you how much I needed to go back then either, and neither of us expected the traffic jam.”

“Well, what’s done is done. Now, let’s get going,” her mother urged, shuffling and making a show of squeezing her legs together herself, “I’m not nearly as desperate as you were, but I would still like to make it to another restroom.”

Kotori nodded, but sensing that she was still completely embarrassed, Kotori’s mother turned around and put a finger to her lips, “Oh, and, what happened in this restroom stays in this restroom. Don’t worry about it, Kotori!”

Kotori nodded, feeling a little better, and followed her mother out of the restroom and back out of the convenience store. As they made their way back to the car, the dull ache left over from her once swollen bladder began to subside, and she turned her attention back to the fun she’d have that day.

As the two piled back into the car and their mother started it up again, her mother spoke, eyes lighting up “Actually, today reminds me, I should replace the portable toilet I usually keep in the glove box. I had one around for emergencies, but I had to use it myself not too long ago, and never got around to replacing it. It would’ve been handy to have one around during that traffic jam, huh?”

Kotori’s mind raced at the thought that her mother had gone through her own desperate ordeal, and recently enough that she hadn’t replaced the portable toilet yet.

“What happened?”

Kotori’s mother smiled, once again placing her finger to her lips, “Considering all that happened, that’s a story for another day, I think.”

End

