A Midsummer Hike`s Stream -- A Love Live Story Starring Umi, Kotori, and Honoka

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2023-12-05 05:34

It's been far too long since I posted here, and I've built up a backlog of stories from commissions I've done. This one's a commission by @Zenkopan staring Umi, Kotori, and Honoka from Love Live! I hope you guys enjoy!

Also, sorry not sorry for the pun title. It entered my brain and I knew I couldn't NOT name the story that, even if it's a bit cringy.

A Midsummer Hike's Stream

Umi stared out the windows of the old bus excitedly as it drove up the winding road into the mountains. Beside her were Honoka and Kotori, chatting happily yet less enthusiastically as they felt the bumpy road shake the bus’s frame and watched as the road narrowed up ahead. Umi had invited the two of them to take a short day trip up into the mountains with her, and she was excited for the hike ahead.

Umi herself hadn’t gone hiking in quite a while. She had been quite busy with μ's and her other responsibilities, and the last few times she had gotten a short break, the weather hadn’t been the best for hiking, so she wound up postponing her trip multiple times. That was until one of μ's lives had taken them up where they were now, near a popular hiking trail. The others had already gone home to rest after a successful show, but Umi wasn’t about to miss the chance to hike a popular spot she had heard so much about. Not to mention the weather was finally perfect-- not too hot nor too cold, and clear skies the whole day-- and so here she was.

Honoka and Kotori were there more for the opportunity to spend time together with Umi rather than for the hiking itself, though that wasn’t to say they weren’t looking forward to it. They were all dressed and packed for the occasion. Umi was wearing a simple white and blue t-shirt that was neither too tight to restrict her movements, nor too loose to catch on stray twigs and branches. She had a brimmed cap to keep the sun out of her eyes, and had on a pair of shorts with hiking boots and long socks. Next to her was a lightweight but fully-packed bag of supplies and food for the trek.

Honoka and Kotori were also dressed pretty well, though perhaps not as prepared as Umi was. Kotori was wearing a green t-shirt and a white skirt with black bike shorts underneath, as well as comfortable looking sneakers. Honoka was wearing a light orange blouse left unbuttoned over a black shirt and denim shorts, though her sandals were definitely less appropriate footwear. They both had their own packed backs of hiking supplies, courtesy of Umi helping them through the process. Although they were both packed much lighter than Umi, since if they needed anything she could always lend them supplies from her bag.

The bus finally slowed as it pulled into the entrance to the hiking trail, and Umi and the other two eagerly stood up. They stretched their legs as they stepped off the bus, and Umi closed her eyes, taking in a deep breath as she looked around. There was a station at the start of the trail with restrooms and amenities, as well as a large map and signage clearly designating the correct path as it weaved its way up into the mountains.

“Wow, there’s a lot more people here than I expected,” Honoka looked around, surprised.

Sure enough, around them there was quite the crowd, a number of groups ranging from families looking like they were here for a picnic to hikers fully kitted out with large backpacks stuffed with supplies. It wasn’t just Honoka who was surprised. This was a lot more people than Umi expected to see, even for a well-known trail during a popular season for hiking.

“Yeah, I’m surprised it’s so busy,” Umi agreed.

“Maybe it’s because of the show yesterday,” Kotori pointed out, “We weren’t the only group performing, and there were a lot of people there.”

“Oh! You really think some of these people might have seen our live yesterday?” Honoka asked excitedly.

Umi looked around again nervously, “I don’t know, I kind of hope not.”

“Why not?” Kotori asked, tilting her head to the side. Honoka seemed equally confused.

“I guess it would feel weird to be recognized here,” Umi answered, “I’m used to hiking being a personal hobby, so I guess I’d rather not worry about other people knowing who we are.”

Honoka and Kotori nodded, and Honoka replied, “I can kind of see that.”

It was clear from her tone she didn’t quite agree with Umi on this one, even if she understood where she was coming from. Then again, it was unfair of Umi to expect her to fully understand. Honoka wasn’t into hiking as much as Umi was, so to her, this probably just felt like another day out. For Umi, however, this was something she enjoyed deeply, and wanted to keep it personal.

“Anyway, we should set off on the trail,” Umi encouraged them, “It’s a pretty long path, and I want to give us plenty of time to rest once we reach the end before turning back.”

“Sounds good!” Kotori nodded.

“Let’s go!” Honoka beamed enthusiastically, charging ahead.

Umi rushed up to catch up to her before she stepped out onto the trail and grabbed her hand, holding her back from running ahead carelessly.

“Stick with me, you two. I know I helped you set up the map and trail path on your phones which should still work if we lose phone service, but it’s still possible to lose the GPS signal or have them malfunction. I packed us paper maps, but they’re harder to navigate, so we can still get lost if we’re not careful. This is a pretty popular, well-marked trail and there’s a lot of people here, so it’s not that dangerous, but we should play it safe and make sure to stick together.”

“R-right,” Honoka nodded.

With that, the three girls stepped out onto the trail proper and began hiking. Umi took in a deep breath of the fresh mountain air as she walked. Since they were still relatively close to the entrance, there were a lot of trail markers and signs along the path for those just entering, but soon they gave way to trees and bushes and rocks rising up ahead of them at a slight incline.

The trail beneath Umi’s feet had been packed down and trampled by numerous other hikers over the years, and was clearly delineated, with only the occasional root or patch of dead leaves beneath her. Short bushes and shrubs brushed against her legs, hence her long socks as she led the way. She wondered if Honoka was regretting her decision to wear only sandals as the leaves and short grasses brushed against her exposed feet.

“Wow, it’s so pretty out here,” Kotori noted, looking up at the canopy of trees above them, watching the mid-morning light filter through. The shadows the leaves casted danced as a light breeze brushed past them.

“It is really peaceful,” Honoka agreed, closing her eyes. She looked like she could fall asleep standing up.

“It is, isn’t it?” Umi beamed. This was what she loved about hiking, and she was glad she was sharing it with the other two. At first she had been worried that she was more-or-less dragging them with her on the trip, but getting to share the peace and beauty of nature made her reconsider.

As they continued to hike, however, some of that peace would get disturbed. They ran into a family who seemed to be hiking back down the trail. Umi, Honoka, and Kotori were forced to slip to the side of the trail to let them pass, and the whole way they could hear an excited little kid making a lot of noise with some toy they brought along.

Not too long after, they had to pass someone on the trail again, an old couple arguing about something or other and once again disrupting the quiet morning. After that it was a couple who kept gushing at each other about how romantic a hike through nature was. And then another larger group of older, gruff men who, despite being morning, were drinking beers and making a bit of a scene.

Umi let out a slight sigh, and turned to the others, “Sorry, it’s normally not this crowded on a trail like this.”

“Oh no, it’s fine!” Kotori smiled, raising her hands up defensively.

“I’m not bothered! And it’s still really nice when it’s quiet like this, right?” Honoka pointed out.

Umi looked around again and took in the trail, trying to focus on the chirping of birds and the quiet rustling of the leaves instead of the rowdy crowds making their way both up and down the mountain trail.

“Yeah, it’s still nice,” Umi nodded, “I’m just not used to it being so crowded when I come out on a trip like this. I wanted you guys to experience a nice, quiet hike.”

“Well, maybe it’ll be quieter up ahead?” Kotori suggested.

“Speaking of which, how much further do we have?” Honoka asked.

Umi glanced down at the map on her phone, “We’re almost halfway through the trail. We’ve only been hiking for about an hour.”

“Wow, really?” Honoka asked, “It feels like we’ve been hiking for way longer than that!”

“Keep in mind, we’re hiking up an incline, so it probably feels like more work,” Umi pointed out.

“You also mentioned still being tired from yesterday,” Kotori reminded her.

“Oh yeah, we did do a lot of dancing for the show,” Honoka recalled, “My legs are still kind of sore.”

“We can take a break, if you want?” Umi offered.

“No, that’s fine, let’s keep going! I want to make sure we get up to the end of the trail by lunchtime, I’m already getting hungry!”

Umi nodded. In truth, this wasn’t the greatest place to rest anyway, but she didn’t want to push her friends, especially knowing that they had tagged along mostly for her sake. Still, she reached around for her bag and grabbed her water bottle, holding it up.

“Let’s go, but first, don’t forget to stay hydrated, you two! We’re getting plenty of shade, and it’s not too hot, but it is warming up and keeping yourself hydrated while hiking is important!”

The two nodded, grabbing their water as well, and all three took a few big swigs before setting off again.

Thankfully, once they were past the halfway point, the people they managed to run into along the way were much more bearable. There was a friendly older woman who clearly enjoyed hiking and the outdoors, and stopped to chat with them. She was pleased to see the younger generation taking interest in nature. There was also a family resting by a few rocks halfway up the path, much quieter and less rowdy than the family they passed by earlier.

As Umi walked, she was able to take in the scenery and sounds around her. The forest grew a bit sparse as they got higher up the mountain, though the path ahead was still forested and they had plenty of shade from the trees ahead. The dirt between them changed to gravel and rocks that crunched underneath their feet, and around them birds, small animals, and cicadas chirped around them, providing a relaxing ambiance.

Umi could also hear the tell-tale signs of running water. Apparently the main attraction of this particular hiking trail was a waterfall that sat at the end, flowing from a spring higher up the mountain. Umi was excited to finally see it for herself.

As she walked, though, she noticed a telltale nag from her bladder. It wasn’t anything urgent, but from the sounds of the waterfall up ahead and the water she had been drinking on her hike, she had definitely been filling up. She shuffled slightly as she walked and looked at her other two friends. Kotori looked fine, but as she watched Honoka walk behind her she noticed that she was glancing around somewhat nervously, and she was shaking her leg slightly whenever they stopped.

“Do either of you need a break?” Umi asked, turning back towards them, “We’ve still got about a quarter of the trail left to go.”

“I’m fine,” Kotori shook her head. Both her and Umi turned to Honoka.

“I’m good too! Just a little tired, is all,” Honoka smiled, “But if we’re almost there, I can rest when we get to the top!”

Umi frowned. Was she wrong about Honoka needing to go? Her friend wasn’t usually shy about announcing her needs, so maybe she was just feeling sore in her legs. Umi shook her head. She took another swig from her water bottle and set off again. This time, however, she watched Honoka more closely. She definitely seemed a bit restless, and her pace had slowed down somewhat, but she wasn’t sure if she had to pee or not.

Umi herself felt her own urge grow. Perhaps it was because she was worried about Honoka, or perhaps it was simply because they were growing closer to the distant sounds of rushing water as they reached the end of the trail. Surprisingly, however, it was Kotori, not Honoka, who finally spoke up.

“Hey, Umi,” Kotori looked over at her friend nervously, “Is there a restroom at the end of the trail?”

The question caught Umi off-guard, seeing as how Kotori seemed perfectly fine, and it was Honoka Umi was more worried about.

“No, this isn’t a campsite or a more commercial sightseeing spot, so there probably won’t be any toilets up ahead,” Umi answered.

“Oh,” Kotori looked around worriedly.

“Oh, so I guess we just go in the woods, then?” Honoka asked.

“Yeah,” Umi nodded, “It’s pretty common for hikers to just head deep enough off the trail so no one sees them to go, especially since it’s rare for all but the most public trails to have any facilities set up.”

“Oh, I thought I saw an outhouse set up near the start of the trail, so I kind of just assumed,” Honoka frowned, shuffling in place, “I wish I’d known. I’ve been holding it in for a bit, but I wanted to make it to the end because I thought there’d be something.”

“Well, we can stop here. It’s better to go before we get too close to the end of the trail, because it’ll probably be busy,” Umi pointed out.

Umi led them off the trail, heading deeper into the forest around them and weaving around some rocks before they found a relatively remote and densely forested area. Umi pointed up ahead to a large rock surrounded by a patch of dense bushes.

“That’s probably a good place to go. It’s far enough away from the trail, and I don’t see anyone else around. We won’t be seen. Who wants to go first?”

Honoka and Kotori looked at each other before Kotori nodded, “You can go first, Honoka.”

“Are you sure? You asked first.”

“Yeah, but you said you were holding it in. I’ll be fine!”

“Thanks!”

Honoka hurriedly rushed behind the rock and bushes. As soon as she was out of sight of the others, she looked around to make sure no one else could see her and hastily unbuttoned her shorts and panties. She squatted down, but the sticks and leaves from the bush tickled her thighs and bare legs. Honoka tried to adjust her position, but found it far too uncomfortable to squat. She stood back up, itching at her legs a bit before hunching over so she was still hidden behind the rocks. She would have to pee standing up.

Instead of trying to arch her stream forwards, Honoka stuck her butt out as far as possible and grabbed her shorts and panties so they were as far forwards as possible out of the way. She braced herself against the rock and relaxed. Immediately her pee shot out of her in a messy stream, some splattering on the back of her bare legs as it pattered onto the forest floor below. Honoka looked down and watched it as it pooled and began to run, mixing with the dirt before slowly soaking into the ground beneath her. She tried to adjust herself to keep her sandals away from the growing puddle as she continued to relieve herself, letting out a contented sigh at finally getting to empty her bladder. She hadn’t been bursting by any means, but she had held it longer than she normally would in hopes of the imaginary restrooms at the end of the trail.

The hiss of her stream died down as it slowed to a dribble, making pattering sounds as it hit the soaked soil beneath her. She let out a sigh and reached into her bag, pulling out a roll of biodegradable toilet paper that Umi had helped her pack. She supposed the fact that Umi had packed it should have clued her in that there wouldn’t be any proper facilities, but she was far too focused on making sure Umi packed her plenty of snacks for the trail instead.

Honoka quickly wiped up the stray drops that had hit the back of her legs before wiping her crotch up and looking around. She imagined since the tissue was biodegradable, it was fine to just drop it where she stood. She tossed it to the ground right on top of her puddle and watched it soak up whatever the ground hadn’t. She blushed and looked around again before pulling her shorts and panties back up.

She returned to the group with a smile, “Phew, thanks for letting me go first.”

“No problem,” Kotori nodded, turning to Umi with a quick shuffle, “Do you mind if I go next?”

“Go ahead,” Umi answered, even as she felt another slight nag from her bladder. It was definitely full, but her urge wasn’t immediate. She could comfortably hold it until Kotori finished up.

Kotori nodded and walked towards the covering. As soon as she was behind the rock, she noticed the wet patch of ground Honoka left behind. Blushing, she took position over it and shuffled in place as she hiked up her skirt and pulled down her bike shorts and panties. Unlike Honoka, Kotori chose to squat, ignoring the leaves that brushed against her legs as she squatted.

She closed her eyes and she started peeing. Her stream sprayed hard against the ground and splashed, both because Kotori could generally hold more than Honoka, but also because she was closer to the ground. Her pee hissed and splashed loudly against the already-soaked dirt and quickly began forming a puddle. Kotori glanced around the forest, acutely aware of the open area, and she suddenly felt a bit exposed.

In an attempt to mitigate that feeling, Kotori tried to stem the flow and shift closer to the rock to give herself more cover, but she wasn’t able to fully stop now that her stream was in full force. She slowed it to a fast dribble and tried to scoot forward, but all she managed to do was nearly spray her shoes with her stream as she shifted. Reluctantly, she gave up her endeavor and relaxed, her stream arching slightly as she let it flow at full force once again.

Kotori squeezed out the rest as fast as possible, her stream arching slightly and even splashing against the rock as she tried to hurry it up. Once she was done, she quickly wiped herself off, dabbing up the few errant dribbles on her ankles from her failed attempt at moving mid-pee. She let the tissue drop into the puddle, and as she stood up and pulled her underwear back up, she looked down at the saturated ground and the large puddle spreading out from between her legs.

Carefully stepping around it, Kotori made her way back to the group. Just in time, too. While Umi wasn’t desperate by any means, the anticipation of waiting had gotten to her, and she was growing impatient, all too aware of her filling bladder as she stood there. It didn’t help that she could still hear the distant sounds from the waterfall at the end of the trail.

“Alright, I’m gonna go, and then we can get back to the trail,” Umi stated somewhat hastily.

She quickly shuffled over to the trail and noted the substantial puddle that had formed from her previous two friends. Eager to add to it, Umi quickly unbuttoned her shorts and bent over. Almost immediately she started peeing, and she allowed herself a small sigh as she closed her eyes and took in the relief. She had tucked herself closer to the rock than Kotori from the start, both because of privacy, but also to avoid stepping in the wet dirt the other two had left behind. Her stream hissed and pattered loudly as it sprayed against the rock and onto the saturated ground below. The dirt could take up no more liquid, and the puddle simply spread, running downhill in a small river as Umi emptied herself.

Suddenly, however, Umi heard distant rustling and the crunching of leaves and gravel beneath someone’s feet. She glanced up in a panic and looked around, but she spotted no one. Still, she kept hearing distant footsteps. Suddenly, she was acutely aware of the possibility of being seen. Umi had grown complacent with the innate privacy of the woods, both out of familiarity and pragmatism. For her to enjoy hiking, she had to make peace with relieving herself out in the woods, and since most of the time trails were a lot less crowded, the chances of another hiker running into her during the short few minutes she was doing the deed were small enough to be ignored.

Today, however, she was acutely aware of how busy it was, and she was beginning to regret not going deeper off the trail. Ordinarily she would have, but she wanted to make sure the other two could comfortably find their way back on their own in case of an emergency.

In a panic, Umi hurriedly tried to force the rest of her pee out as she prepared a tissue to wipe herself. She strained her ears to keep track of the footsteps over the sound her own hissing as she waited to finish, silently cursing at how long it was taking. After what felt like ages, Umi’s stream finally started tapering off, and she quickly stood up and wiped herself off before pulling her shorts and panties back up in a rush.

Umi dropped her tissue to the ground with the rest of them and watched it as it soaked up the now monstrous puddle at her feet. She knew that it had been the culmination of both her and her friends relieving themselves in the same spot, but if someone caught her here, they might think the impossibly large puddle was hers and hers alone. Worse still, Umi was pretty sure the footsteps were coming closer.

As soon as she stepped from out from behind the rock, she nearly barreled into another hiker, a rather nervous looking man with his nose buried in a book. He must’ve been the footsteps she was hearing earlier.

“Oh, sorry little lady, didn’t see you there,” the man spoke calmly.

“H-h-hi!” Umi cried nervously. The man seemed oblivious, but she was acutely aware of how close they were to the place she had just peed, and the puddle tucked away behind the rock, just out of sight.

“It’s rare to see someone off the trail,” he replied, “Are you lost?”

“N-no,” Umi shook her head, “I’m fine, thank you though!”

“Oh, could it be that you’re foraging for mushrooms too?” the man asked excitedly, “I hear this is a good area to find wild eringi!”

“A-ah, no, I was just regrouping with my friends,” Umi replied nervously, pointing to Kotori and Honoka, who were just visible. Neither of them seemed to notice that she was having an awkward conversation with an eccentric man.

“Ah, I see, I see!” the man nodded, “Well, if you spot any mushrooms and you happen to spot me again, do let me know! Ah, but I guess it’s unlikely that we’ll run into each other off the trail like this again.”

“R-right,” Umi nodded. In truth, she sincerely hoped she wouldn’t run into the man again after this, “Anyway, good luck with the mushroom hunt!”

Umi waved politely to the man who had nearly caught her mid-pee and blushed furiously as she turned around and headed back to her friends. Kotori and Honoka were chatting casually, completely unaware of her close call.

“Oh hey, what took you so long?” Honoka asked, “Oh, did you actually really have to go?”

“N-no,” Umi looked back nervously. Her heart was still racing from nearly getting caught, and the idea that the man was poking around the area looking for mushrooms meant that he was likely to find the very noticeable puddle they had all left behind. She couldn’t get the image of him finding it and putting two-and-two together in his mind.

“What’s wrong? You look like you’ve seen a ghost,” Kotori asked worriedly.

“I’m fine,” Umi shook off. The last thing she wanted was to admit what had just nearly happened to her friends, “A-anyway, let’s hurry up, we’re nearly at the end of the trail!”

Trying to shake off the experience she just had, Umi led her friends back to the trail. It was only a five or so minute hike up until they all reached the end. The trail opened up into a rocky clearing with sparse trees providing patches of shade. A river above them fell over the cliff face and rushed down in a single, large waterfall that was split up on its way down by the polished rock face below. The water glistened in the sunlight as it gushed over the falls and down into a basin that fed a small river running adjacent to the trail and disappearing down the mountain.

The beauty of the sight hit Umi and she all but forgot about her close encounter with the strange mushroom man. She beamed and awed at the sight of the waterfall, streaming down and splitting off into many picturesque cascades like an ornate natural fountain.

“Wow, so pretty!” Honoka gushed, eyes sparkling as she took in the sight.

“This is amazing, I understand why it’s so popular!” Kotori agreed.

Umi nodded, “I’ve seen photos of this place, but nothing’s quite like standing here ourselves, seeing it with our own eyes.”

The three simply stood there, taking in the sight, until a loud grumble came from Umi’s right. She glanced to the side to see Honoka, holding her stomach and laughing sheepishly.

“Hahaha, I guess I’m pretty hungry after that hike.”

“Well, we did pack lunches to eat at the top!” Kotori pointed out, laughing.

“Let’s find a place to sit and eat while we rest,” Umi suggested.

That was definitely easier said than done. Naturally, as it was so busy, there were a lot of groups of hikers and backpackers sitting around, taking up spots in the shade and crowding out the clearing. Luckily it was pretty sizable, and despite how busy it was, the girls were able to find a nice tree to sit under and give them shade while they ate.

“You know, this is kind of like being up on the roof,” Honoka replied as she dug into her lunch.

“The roof?” the other two girls asked in unison.

“Yeah, of the school,” Honoka smiled, “It’s like we’re up on the roof, eating lunch after gym class or something!”

“Comparing a place like this to the roof of our school…” Umi looked around, letting out a sigh.

“Oh come on! There’s a nice breeze, and we’re in the shade, it’s totally like being up on the roof in the summer!”

“Well, I don’t think our school’s roof has a pretty waterfall like this,” Kotori pointed out, taking a pause to bite into her own lunch, “But you know, I can sort of understand where you’re coming from. Like, it’s peaceful, and you finally get to relax after doing a bunch of exercise.”

“I guess,” Umi sighed, shaking her head and tucking into her own meal.

Soon, the three had finished up eating, and washed their meals down with barley tea and plenty of water. After finishing their meals, they rested there for a while, taking in the sight of the waterfall and relaxing and chatting happily. Around them, other hikers came and went. Some decided to go swimming in the river, and Umi and Kotori had to talk Honoka out of jumping in when they didn’t have a swimsuit or a change of clothes for her. Another group brought a camping stove and had a bit of a mini-cookout right in the clearing, filling it with amazing smells. Others were doing what they were doing-- stopping to eat simple lunches and rest for a while.

They had arrived a little after noon, and the three had gotten caught up talking and gossiping and enjoying the sight of the waterfall and the nature around them. The plan had only been to eat lunch and rest briefly before setting back down, but it was well past 3 PM before Umi finally stood up and stretched her arms and legs. As she did, a familiar sensation tingled in her abdomen. She had to pee again. It was only a slight urge, but she had the whole hike down ahead of her. Not to mention that, after nearly getting caught earlier, she really didn’t like the idea of stopping to go in the woods again.

Umi pushed the nagging sensation to the back of her mind and turned to the others, “You two ready to head back out?”

“Aw, come on, five more minutes?” Honoka asked.

“Again?” Umi sighed. She was eager to get going, and the last thing she wanted now that she was aware of her bladder was to keep sitting right next to a rushing waterfall.

“Honoka, you can’t keep asking for five more minutes,” Kotori pointed out, “We’ll be here until sunset.”

“Fine, fine!” Honoka finally stood up, stretching and letting out a loud yawn, “Man, it’s really relaxing here though. I almost fell asleep a few times.”

“You did fall asleep once, remember? Kotori had to shake you awake,” Umi reminded her, “Anyway, let’s start heading down. Don’t worry, the hike back won’t be so bad, since we’re going downhill.”

True to Umi’s word, the hike down started well enough. They had the help of gravity and the slight decline as they started making their way back down the trail. It wasn’t long before they passed by the spot they had stopped earlier to pee. Umi glanced to the side nervously, once again recalling nearly getting caught in the act. Maybe it was because she was remembering it, or because she was worried about having to stop again, but her bladder sent her an urgent signal, and she squeezed her thighs together slightly as she hurried past that part of the trail.

As Umi hiked down, though, she became all too aware at the speed her bladder was filling. Or perhaps it was that she already had to pee, and had only noticed it when she stood up. As she walked, her urge continued to grow, and despite the downhill slope making hiking easier, each step also sent a bigger jolt up her legs and straight to her abdomen. She tried to push the sensation to the back of her mind, but it seemed the harder she tried not to focus on it, the worse it became.

It also didn’t help that it seemed like the trail was only more crowded. On more than one occasion, the three had to stop to let people pass them by on the trail. Each time Umi tapped her foot impatiently, squeezing her legs together as she tried not to think about her growing urge. She knew she could make it to the entrance of the trail, back where there were proper restrooms where she didn’t risk getting caught, but she didn’t want to be bursting when she got there.

The group had made it about a quarter of the way down the trail before Honoka turned to Umi, “Hey, do you think we could stop off the trail again? I drank a lot of tea at lunch and I have to go again.”

“Come on, we just started, can’t you hold it?” Umi asked, crossing her arms. She was perhaps a bit harsher than normal, but part of her annoyance was that she also wanted to pee.

“Uh, well, it’s a pretty long trail,” Kotori pointed out. She shuffled in a way that made it clear to Umi that she also had to pee.

“We all went earlier just fine, so what’s the point of holding it?” Honoka asked.

“W-well,” Umi blushed, “A-actually, it’s pretty crowded today, and earlier when I went, I nearly got caught, so I don’t think it’s a good idea.”

“Oh no!” Honoka gasped.

“Ah, so that’s why you were so nervous earlier,” Kotori pointed out.

“Then what are we going to do?” Honoka asked, shuffling nervously.

“There are restrooms at the entrance to the trail,” Umi recalled, “So all we have to do is make it down. I have to pee a little too, but I think it’s best if we all try to make it down there. Do you two think you can hold it until then?”

“I should be fine,” Kotori nodded.

“Y-yeah, I can make it,” Honoka agreed, though she seemed unsure, and her eyes kept glancing towards the treeline.

Still, with Umi having almost gotten caught earlier, she was steadfast about not stopping. Even as her own bladder nagged at her with each step as they started down the trail again, Umi couldn’t bear the idea of stopping again and actually getting caught. She wasn’t about to tempt fate.

Of course, whether Umi wanted to stop or not, her bladder was growing fuller by the minute. Not only that, but now that she knew the others had to pee too, she was only all too aware of everyone’s growing needs. Honoka shuffled slightly every few steps, and it was clear she was uncomfortable, talking less than normal and glancing around, clearly still tempted to just go off the trail again. Kotori gave far less away, walking relatively normally and only occasionally taking an awkward step, but there was a slight stiffness to her normally relaxed gait and a nervousness in her voice that gave her away to her close friend.

Umi herself was walking only somewhat awkwardly, trying to mitigate the jolts each step sent up her legs and straight into her bladder. She discreetly squeezed her thighs together between each step, trying to focus on the trail ahead of her and not the growing pressure mounting in her abdomen. Despite that, she could feel her bladder continue to fill, and she nervously thought back at the large bottle of water and sizable bottle of tea she had polished off during lunch and in the time after. Not to mention that she had heard the footsteps mid-pee. She mostly finished, but she might not have fully emptied herself out in her rush not to get caught.

By the time they reached the halfway mark, it was clear they were all starting to struggle with their bladders. Honoka had her hands in her pockets and was walking somewhat awkwardly, shuffling every few steps and taking short breaks in between. Kotori was walking stiffly, her expression a bit more strained than normal as she struggled with clear discomfort. Umi herself could feel her bladder starting to bulge out against the waistband of her tight shorts, and she was definitely regretting staying so long at the end of the trail before setting back off again.

“Umi, are you sure we can’t just go deeper off the trail?” Kotori asked, “We’re only halfway down, I don’t know if we’re going to make it.”

Umi paused. She was more tempted now than before, especially considering she had gone in the woods countless times before today. Just then, however, a large group emerged from the woods off the trail, right in the area they would head off to find somewhere to pee. She couldn’t get the memory of almost getting caught out of her mind either.

“It’s just too risky today, look how busy it is,” Umi urged, “Do you two really want to risk getting caught?”

“Well, no, but…” Kotori trailed off.

“Come on, let’s not sit here and argue, we’re only gonna make it worse,” Honoka pointed out, clearly eager to get going again.

With that, Umi nodded, and the three set off again. Clearly, though, Kotori’s worries weren’t entirely unfounded. As they continued to make their way down the trail, the girls’ collective need definitely grew more urgent. Honoka was walking awkwardly, bent forwards slightly and pulling up her shorts to put pressure on her crotch, clearly tempted to grab herself. Kotori walked with an awkward gait, biting her lip with sweat beading on her forehead. Umi could see through her tighter-fitting t-shirt that she was nursing a slight bulge. She wasn’t outwardly as desperate as the other two, but Kotori definitely still had to pee.

Umi herself felt her own bulge, which was more concealed with her looser and thicker t-shirt, but was nonetheless uncomfortable as it pressed out against her waistband. Umi reached down and adjusted her belt so it was one notch looser to take some of the pressure off of her full bladder. She shuffled slightly between each step, and she found herself clenching her teeth as the small jolts reverberated through her pent-up urine. Still, they all managed to continue on.

By the time they had made it 3/4ths of the way back, they were all in a sorry state. Honoka looked to be nearing her limit, hobbling more than walking and nearly giving herself a wedgie with her shorts just to keep some pressure on her crotch as she struggled to hold it in. Umi was struggling with each step, trying not to leak as she felt her swollen bladder squeeze and spasm inside her, begging for relief.

Kotori suddenly stopped, doubling over and openly jamming her hands between her legs. Umi blushed and panicked, looking around, but luckily there was no one else in sight as Kotori squeezed her eyes shut and squirmed in the middle of the trail. A minute later, she recovered, straightening out slightly, though she was still dancing around desperately.

“S-sorry,” Kotori blushed, “I was hit with a really strong wave.”

“Hang in there, we’re almost there,” Umi encouraged her. They weren’t as close as Umi made it sound, but they didn’t have far to go by this point.

The group struggled along for another few minutes before Honoka pointed to an old, worn-down looking building half-buried in the woods off the trail.

“Hey, that’s the outhouse I saw earlier,” Honoka beamed, “We made it.”

“Are you sure that’s an outhouse? It looks more like a shed,” Kotori pointed out.

“Yeah, I don’t think that’s an outhouse, and if it is, it’s probably filthy,” Umi pointed out, “Come on, there’s the marker for the start of the trail just up ahead. We know there’s proper restrooms there.”

“Oh come on,” Honoka urged, grabbing herself and dancing in place. Still, just like with going off the trail, it was clear that Umi wasn’t going to budge on this one, “Fine, fine, but let’s hurry!”

That was something they could all agree on. The group half-hiked, half-shuffled the rest of the way until they finally reached the trail entrance. Umi had never been so relieved to see the gaudy trail signs and map as they stepped back off the trail and onto the paved area. The girls all rushed straight to the main building where there were restroom signs, and quickly found the door to their desperately needed relief.

Unfortunately, Umi’s heart sunk the second she reached for the door, only to hear the clunk of the knob hitting a latch. The door was locked.

“Oh no,” Honoka exclaimed.

“They’re locked, why?” Kotori asked as she squirmed in place.

“Needing the toilets?” a voice spoke behind them. They turned around to see another female hiker, who was giving them a sympathetic look. “Sorry girls. They’re closed for the time being. It was storming pretty bad up until recently, so everything was locked up. Guess they haven’t had time to get back out here to open things up again.”

“What are we going to do?” Kotori turned to Umi.

Umi bit her lip. This was bad. If they couldn’t use the restrooms, the only other choice was to go out on the trail again, but ironically, since they were closer to the trail entrance, it was even more crowded than if they had found a secluded area off the trail. She briefly considered taking the bus, but she didn’t know when it would stop here next, and they were all already far too desperate to hold it through an entire bus ride.

“We gotta try that outhouse we saw earlier,” Honoka suggested.

“We don’t even know if it is an outhouse!” Kotori reminded her.

Umi shook her head, “It’s our only option, and it’s better than going back on the trail. Let’s try it.”

Desperately leading the way, Umi tried to be discreet about her desperation as she passed by the crowds of people gathered at the trail head. She pushed past them quickly and the girls were back on the trail for the third time that day.

Unfortunately, while gravity had helped them on the way down, they were now hiking back up the trail again, and while it was only a short distance back towards the outhouse, the three were so desperate it felt like an eternity. Making it back up was a struggle, and Umi leaked a few times before they got there, having to stop and clamp down hard to keep from wetting herself. Honoka was no longer trying to hold it discreetly, openly jamming both hands between her legs. Kotori was holding out, but just barely, fidgeting with the hem of her skirt as she walked stiffly, barely able to take more than three steps before stopping and squirming frantically.

Finally, they reached the outhouse, and Honoka wasted no time throwing the door open hastily. Unfortunately, much as Umi suspected, it wasn’t an outhouse at all, but a small supply shed. There were some tools leaned up against the far wall, as well as a small waste basket and a few shelves with some supplies. There was also what looked to be a pile of dirty rags in the corner.

“No!” Honoka exclaimed, “W-what are we going to do? I can’t hold it any more!”

“Umi, we have to go in the woods, we have no other options!” Kotori urged, “I know you’re worried about being caught, but we’re all going to wet ourselves like this!”

Umi froze up, struggling to hold on as she battled with the dilemma. It was true that they were out of options, and she was only so nervous about going out in the woods because she had almost gotten caught before. She was about to agree reluctantly, when she turned back towards the shed.

“We can still go in here,” Umi suggested.

“What?” Honoka exclaimed in surprise.

“But this is just a random shed,” Kotori pointed out.

“Yes, but going in here is better than getting caught out in the woods with no privacy,” Umi pointed out, “Besides, this shed looks pretty run-down, and I don’t think anyone’s used it for a while.”

“But…” Kotori was about to argue, but suddenly she doubled over and jammed both hands between her legs, “Ah, I can’t hold it! Fine, let’s do it here!”

Umi nodded and they all shuffled in before Umi closed the door behind them. There wasn’t much room in the shed for all three of them, but they didn’t have the time to take turns anymore. Kotori wasted no time hobbling straight to the wastebasket. She tore down her bike shorts and panties, a few errant dribbles already escaping her, and squatted over before practically exploding. A hot, forceful stream of urine sprayed out into the bin beneath her, loudly spattering and splashing as it soaked into discarded papers, paper towels, and the various other trash already inside.

The sight of her nearly made Umi lose it, and she squirmed frantically as she made her way to the back corner with the dirty towels. She figured since the floor was concrete, it would be better to pee into something that could soak them up, like Kotori. She unbuckled, unbuttoned, and tore down her shorts and panties, an arduous task with her bladder as full as it was, and stood over them, having no time to squat down before the dam burst. She spread her legs and arched her back so her stream shot forwards onto the pile of rags. Umi braced herself against the wall with one hand as she held her lower lips open with the other to get a clean flow. Her stream hissed loudly and pattered like raindrops as it hit the rags beneath her, and she could feel a few errant drops strike her ankles.

Honoka danced in place desperately as she looked around, trying to find anywhere else to go. Unfortunately, the other two seemed to have taken up the good spots, and she didn’t have any time to waste either way. She gasped and doubled over as she was hit with one final wave, and she quickly tore her shorts and panties down before squatting and peeing right then and there. Despite squatting down, her stream sprayed forwards in a powerful arch and sprayed loudly against the wall. The torrent of pee rang as it struck a metal shovel right in front of her, and Honoka tried to adjust her aim to avoid peeing directly onto the tool. This didn’t help at all, and she wound up spraying large rake instead. Giving up on avoiding the tools, Honoka simply threw her head back and basked in the blissful relief.

The sounds of hissing and splashing filled the shed as all three of them emptied their overfilled bladders into their chosen areas. Kotori’s stream was neatly contained in the wastebasket, streaming over the now soaked contents inside. Umi’s stream was soaked up readily by the rags, with only a few errant streams fully saturating them and running off into a small puddle between her legs. Honoka was far less lucky. With her unfortunate lack of choices, as well as hitting the tools, her spray splashed messily against the wall and floor and spread out in a large puddle that quickly overcame the concrete’s ability to soak it up.

Despite being the last to start, Honoka wound up being the first to stop, with her stream trickling into intermittent spurts, then small dribbles before finally stopping. She let out a heavy sigh of relief and reached into her bag to grab the toilet paper to wipe herself off. As she cleaned up and pulled her shorts up, she once again let it fall to the ground into her puddle before immediately realizing there was a waste bin behind her. It was currently being used with Kotori still peeing into it full-force, but it was the far more appropriate receptacle for her discarded tissues. Looking down at the soaked paper now, there was no way she was going to pick it up to try to properly dispose of it.

Umi was the second to finish, and she made sure to squeeze the rest out, not having to rush to finish for fear of getting caught this time. She stood there for a few more minutes, basking in relief, before reaching for her own tissues and wiping herself off. Unlike Honoka, she had the mind to wait for Kotori to finish with the trash can so she could properly dispose of it. As she waited, she looked down onto the thoroughly soaked rags, and the small puddle running out from underneath them. They looked dirty already, so she was sure they would be washed before anyone used them, but she still felt a little bad for soaking them with her own pee like this. At least no one would be able to trace it back to her even if they did notice.

Kotori finished last, throwing her head back in bliss and letting out a contented sigh as the last few spurts shot out of her and into the wastebasket. Despite its size and the absorbent paper materials it was filled with, she still managed to leave a noticeable layer of hot urine at the bottom that could be seen through the cheap, transparent plastic. She blushed slightly and quickly reached for her own toilet paper to wipe herself off, letting it fall into the basket and watching it soak into the layer and nearly disappear. She then pulled her panties and bike shorts back up and fixed her skirt, and Umi came over to put her own tissue in the trash can on top of hers.

“Phew,” Umi sighed, “Sorry I made you two do this. But it definitely felt safer doing it in here than out in the woods.”

“Yeah, I guess the privacy was nice,” Kotori admitted, looking around nervously at the puddles and evidence they were leaving behind, “But we kind of made a mess of this place. Especially Honoka.”

“Hey, you two picked the best spots first!” Honoka pointed out, crossing her arms and pouting, “And before you say I should’ve waited for you to finish with the trash can, you peed for two whole minutes! I would’ve wet myself!”

“I-it wasn’t that long,” Kotori blushed, “Was it?”

Umi began heading for the door, “It doesn’t matter, let’s just get out of here before we get unlucky and someone actually decides to use the shed.”

“Right!” the other two nodded.

As they left the scene of their crime behind, Umi placed a hand over her now empty bladder contently. Somewhere in the back of her mind, she was worried about how her hikes were going to go if she was going to be this apprehensive about peeing out in the woods again, but she shook her head and pushed that thought to the back of her mind. She knew it was just today’s close call that made her nervous, and that in time she’d get over it. Until then, however, she hoped she would be as lucky as today with finding run down sheds, just in case.

The End

