Pokemon Omorashi Story

Author: Rap0sa

*000*2017-05-17 04:05

Hi guys :3

This is my first story and it's about a young woman named Layla, who inherited her mother's ability to talk with Pokemons, and Mike, her Eevee, in their first journey. It takes place in Kanto but it will not be limited to the 1st generation.

This story will contain male and female Pokemon omorashi (and Layla, obviously). I hope u enjoy.

Leave your suggestions, constructive criticism or just comment anything, it's really important to me :3

PS: I'm not English so it will probably have grammatical issues, don't hesitate to correct me.

PS²: I wrote it in my cellphone so i really don't know how it will look on desktop...

### Layla POV ---

The annoying alarm clock started to ring but i was already awake, i was to anxious for this day that i barely slept, i jumped out of my bed. Today, i will go to my first journey, i walked to my closet, still dizzy from the sudden movement. Twenty minutes later, after a quick shower, i slowly went down the stars to the kitchen. A breakfast sandwich was waiting for me in a plate over the table.

[Good morning, honey.] My mom said with a warm voice. [Where's Mike?] She asked.

[Uhm...i..uhm...i don't know. I thought he was with you.] I answered while eating the sandwich.

[He must be in the backyard then. So...you still want to go in your journey?]

[Yeah, i'm not changing my mind mom.]

[Ok...i was just checking...] She said while putting something in the oven.

After finishing my breakfast, i went up to my room to get everything i would need. I was so excited to go to my first journey that i couldn't wait any more longer. My backpack was so full that i barely could close it, after that i went down to the backyard to find Mike. The Eevee was staring to a Pidgey that had landed at the top of the only tree in our backyard. I watched him for a moment. Mike has been with us since my 7 years old, i always wanted to be a Pokemon trainer like my mom used to be then, at my birthday, she gave me Mike when he still was just an egg, he has been my best friend ever since.

[Mike! It's time to go] I said in a loud tone, scaring the bird pokemon away and dragging Mike's attention.

He looked at me angrily because i scared his "prey" but, after realizing what i have said he shouted happily. [Really!?] And he came in my direction, his tail wiggling from side to side.

[You are already going, sweet?] My mom asked with a kind voice.

[Yeah, we can't wait anymore...] I answered hugging her [I'm gonna miss you so much]

She looked at me with a sad smile while combing my brown hair with her hand.

[Did you pick everything? Your jacket, potions, the map, a water bottle...your Pokedex...]

[Yes, yes i picked everything...]

[Ok, take care out there...]

[Bye mom...i love you]

[Don't forget to call me when you arrive at Pewter...i love you too, dear]

I ran towards the exit of the town while waving to my mother as our house became more and more distant. After a few minutes we reached the forest and the path that leads to Pewter, we continued to walk until the city's sounds disappeared, only the silence remains. The forest was very green with vibrant colours and filled with life, the sunlight was passing through the trees and gently warming my face.

[Do you think we gonna be ok?] I asked to Mike, who was walking by my side.

[Of course, i grew up in the wild, i will protect you.] He answered confident.

[You grew up in my backyard...]

[Right...but i still have the instincts of a wild beast]

[Ok, if you are saying...] I said giggling as we keep going through the path.

Mike always tried to act tougher than he really is and i think it's very charming that he is always trying to protect me. We walked for some long minutes before stopping by a clearing to rest and drink some water from the bottles.

[This breeze is so refreshing!] I exclaimed while leaning on a tree.

The tree rattled with the impact and something heavy fell from the leaves, landing near my side, i looked surprised at the yellow thing that almost fell in my head, it was a Kakuna. Shortly after that a wild Beedrill emerged from the leaves angrily buzzing.

[Oh shit!] I exclaimed before starting to run into the woods.

After getting a considerable distance from the wild Pokemon i turned to it ready to battle.

[Ok, let's do this...Mike..use Quick Attack!] I shouted pointing to the Beedrill.

Immediately, Mike rushed towards the other Pokemon with a incredible speed, hitting the Beedrill and safely landing on the ground.

[Nice...be careful, it's going to use Toxic Sting!] I warned him as the giant bee prepared its attack.

The enemy advanced in Mike, who evaded easily. [Now use Bite!] I ordered and Mike attacked the wild Pokemon vigorously. Immediately after getting hit, the Beedrill used Fury Attack and Mike had no time to evade.

[I'm fine] He said after recovering himself from the attacks.

[Ok, use Quick Attack again] The Eevee once again, rushed into the bug Pokemon, hitting it very fast and throwing it against a tree. The Beedrill, almost defeated, ran away and Mike tried to chased it through the woods but i stopped him.

[Let it go Mike...]

[But it attacked you...] He replied confused

[We already won the battle... it's enough.]

[Ok...] He sighed, still confused while i opened my backpack to grab one of the bottles.

[Do you need healing?] I asked concerned

[No... It's just a scratch...but i'm really thirsty]

After filling the bowl to Mike, i took a large gulp from the bottle then i started to notice some pressure under my stomach then i realized: I had forgotten to go to the bathroom before leaving home. I looked around and a second thought got me: Where are we? I was so focused on running from the Beedrill that i didn't saw where i was going and now i don't know where's the path...

[Mike...we have a problem...] I said slowly.

*003*2017-05-24 03:17

Hi guys, sorry for taking so long to update it, i will try to post the third part sooner.

And thanks for the comments, i really appreciate it. :D

###

[Oh crap, what do we do now?] I murmured after telling Mike what was our situation.

[Didn't you have a map?] He asked trying to find a solution.

[Oh...yes, let me see...] I said while searching inside my backpack.

[Wait...no, i forgot it]

[What? But you confirmed to your mom that you picked it...] Mike mumbled hopeless.

[I wasn't really paying attention on her speech...i'm sorry] I whispered. [Let's just...walk until we leave the forest]

Mike just followed me without saying anything, his eyes fixed on the ground. I walked towards a tree that seemed familiar however, the more we walked, the more lost we became. Several minutes passed and still, no sign of the path. My urge has grown and now it has started to bother me.

[How you feeling?] I asked, breaking the silence.

[Uhm..normal...i think] Mike answered awkwardly.

I could see that he was worried, then i decided to say something to distract him.

[Have you ever heard the legend about a golden bird?]

[Uhm...no?]

[The legend say it has a golden glow and when it flies, it leaves a rainbow trail.]

[Did someone actually saw this bird?] He asked a little curious.

[Yes..i think...] I replied. [And is said to promise eternal happiness to all who see it.]

[And where can we find it?]

[It lived in a tower until a war broke out,burning the tower. Later a new tower was built, but since then it has never come back. It now flies through the world's skies in search of a trainer with pure heart.]

[But it's just a legend, isn't?]

[Maybe yes...maybe no...there's no way to know] I said as we walked more and more.

We keep walking and talking as the minutes passed, everything in this forest looked the same, it was like a maze in the woods. I was trying to ignore the growing pressure by talking with Mike but as the time passed, it became more difficult.

[Give me a sec.] Mike said after a while as he walked away from me.

[Ahn?]

Then i saw him ran to a tree and lifted his hind leg, he moaned as the yellow stream started to flow. The sight was making my own need worse but i couldn't stop looking. The pee was gushing out from his sheath and soaking the tree roots, the stream trembled as he slowly shaked his lifted leg, splashing over some dead leaves around the tree. After a while, it became a tinkle and finally stopped. Mike moved away from the puddle that formed at the tree base and came in my direction. As we went deeper into the woods it became more difficult to hide my desperation, since i started to cross my legs, after a while, Mike noticed it.

[What's wrong?] He asked friendly.

[It's nothing...i just need to...] I replied blushing.

[Need to..?] He insisted.

[I need to use the bathroom...] I whispered.

[Then why didn't you go into the bushes?...]

[What? No way!]

[Why not? Pokemons do it all the time...]

[Well... i'm not a Pokemon...] I ended.

We walked further into the forest until we reached a clearing, it wasn't the same as before but was better than nothing. We stopped by to take a break, i would sit down when a shiver went through my body then a few drops escaped...i couldn't hold anymore. I ran into some nearby bushes and unbuttoned my jeans, i was almost getting relieve when i heard a rustle from a shrub ahead, it was a kid holding a net, he didn't see me but immediately i got up and started to run away, more drops has leaked but it was almost imperceptible.

[What you're doing?] Mike interrupted me.

[What?] I said surprised.

[That kid probably knows the way out!] Mike whispered.

[Oh...right, we're still lost.] I said as i walked back to the bushes, this time the kid saw me.

[Hey lady, wanna battle with me?] He shouted from a distance.

[Not today, sorry...] I answered. [Do you know how to get to Pewter? We were kinda lost...] I asked while trying to hide my desperation.

[Sure, just go in this direction until you reach the path then just follow it.] He said with a smile while pointing to the trees.

[ Thank you very much] I said gratefully.

[No problem, bye lady]

Me and Mike ran as fast as we could, i was holding my crotch to avoid any accident. Not long after, we finally reached the path.

[Oh thank God!] I said relieved.

We could already see the city even though it was still far, the sight of it gave me the strength to keep going. The dirt road was almost entirely straight, i walked for a few minutes without feeling the aching pressure that tormented me for the last hour and, for a moment, i was hopeful that i would be able to hold it until we arrive in Pewter but suddenly, to my despair, a spurt came out. Immediately, i placed both hands on my groin, feeling the slightly wet spot in the middle of my pants, but it was useless...soon after, a second gush leaked, i was half squatted when a few drops ran through my blue jeans. At this point there was no way to hold it. I was trying to open my pants zipper when a forceful stream started with a hissing sound.

[No, please, not now!] I whispered to myself.

Some of the liquid was soaking my pants while the rest was gushing though my jeans and staining the ground under me. When i finally managed to open the zipper, i lowered my panties and i stopped fighting against my bladder. I moaned in relief as the strong stream hit the ground and mingling with earth, created a mud puddle. The pleasure to finally relieve my full bladder was almost orgasmic, the warm stream was steaming because of the fresh breeze,it lasted for almost one minute, then it finally began to weaken until it became a trickle as i sighed with relief. I was very ashamed but that didn't matter, a last gush came out, i was finally free.

### Mike POV ---

Layla walked into some nearby bushes to change her clothes, luckily there was no one walking through the path besides us. Soon, she emerged from the shrubs, her blue stained pants were replaced by a white jeans then we resumed our walk. I didn't say anything since i didn't want to embarrass her even more. We walked in silence for long minutes until we finally reached Pewter. The first thing she did was go to a Pokemon Center. Layla had told me that PokeCenters are the places where you heal your Pokemons but also, where you can eat, pass the night and even wash your clothes in their public washing machines and that's what she did.

[Are you hungry?] She asked after starting the machine.

[Yeah, a lot] I quickly answered.

[No wonder you are hungry, it's already past noon.] She said looking at the watch. [So let's have lunch!] Layla said with a smile as we walked towards the tables.

