A little bed time accident (A sims 4 story)

Author: Red Simpson

*000*2020-12-30 19:50

Hello friends, hope you all had a good Christmas and are keeping warm and safe, I have another sims 4 story for you as always if you have any suggestions for stories you'd like to see feel free to dm me and any feedback is always welcome. I'd like to thank @The Shark for sending me their sims 4 poses that are in this story and will be in future stories from now on, I hope you enjoy.

###

It had been a rather busy day for Phoebe as she'd been studying hard in school all day, to finally be able to go home to her mum and dad was a real treat all though she could do without the flirting between her parents.

"Ew guys come on." Phoebe says trying to eat her dinner.

"Oh honey, lighten up one day you'll be falling for boys like it's no tomorrow hehe but you know your mother and I are always here to support you and embarrass you." Dad chuckles.

"Thanks dad, as long you don't embarrass me during any sort of event and it only stays at home then it keeps me happy." Phoebe reply's half chuckling along side her dad.

A few hours later

"Ok Sweetie it's time for bed, did you remember to use the bathroom before getting dressed?" her mum asks, for she knew Phoebe had a rather small bladder which has embarrassed the girl a few times in the past.

"Of course I did mum.....good night." Phoebe replies giving her mum a hug before returning to her desk once her mum was out of the room.

I went to the bathroom hours ago, no way do I have to pee now. She thinks to herself as she heads to bed.

*Gasp* "Oh.....oh thank god....I was only dreaming......" Phoebe says sighing in relief as she stands she feels her bladder pang and she goes to control herself.

"Holly Fuck I have to pee!" She says going to grip her crotch and making her way to the bathroom.

"Huh? Who's in there?" Phoebe calls out.

"Sorry honey I won't be long!" Her mother calls out in reply.

"Could you please hurry I really have to go!" Phoebe calls out as she struggles to maintain composure.

At least I'm not dreaming. she thinks to herself, suddenly the door clicks and swings open.

"There you go Sweetie" Her mother says heading back to bed.

"Thanks mum!!!" Phoebe whimpers as she waddles into the bathroom.

"I....I made it.....I made it...." Phoebe sighs as her bladder uncontrollably empties itself into the toilet.....however.

In reality Phoebe hadn't made it and was in fact pissing herself in her sleep.

"Ahhh that's better." Phoebe says as she wakes up.

"What the fuck?!........

........Wha....Was that all a dream?" Phoebe questions herself.

"Fuck noooo it's real I've pissed in my sleep.....perhaps I could sneak this away so...." Phoebe was soon interrupted.

"Sweetie are you ok, I heard you fumbling and.......what the fuck Phoebe!? did you wet the bed?" her mum asks furiously.

"No....mmm mum I....I can explain....."

The end.

(Ps I don't know why it's added this pic at the end I never clicked the pic yet anytime I go to edit it reappears, have a good day.)

*003*2020-12-31 01:23

So in the dream she believe she made it which would happen if say you had to pee in your sleep which caused her bladder to relax and in term wet the bed.

