A Vacation from Relief

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2020-11-13 04:14

Another commissioned story! I actually finished this one a bit ago, and I could've sworn I posted it already. Like, I remember writing up the post and everything. But I don't see it and it's not in my activity, so I guess my dumb brain either imagined I wrote up the post, or I actually wrote up the post but forgot to actually submit it and then closed out the tab. Either way, I'm posting this one a bit late, so sorry~

This story's not my typical shtick, and there is male desperation in it, but that's not the focus of the story and I don't go into too much detail because that's not really my thing. The female desperation is definitely the main focus!

“Shit, Niel, wake up, we’re gonna be late.”

A man with messy hair and a lanky frame groaned as he rolled over. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes and glanced over at the source of the voice and the gentle prodding that had woken him from his slumber.

“Hey Ems,” he smiled groggily before her words sunk in, “Wait, what time is it?”

“7:40. The alarm didn’t go off. We gotta get going now or we’ll be late for our flight.”

“Shit,” Niel cursed, bolting out of bed. Faster than any cup of coffee or can of energy drink, hearing they were that late brought him to full alertness. He joined his girlfriend, Emma, in the mad rush to get ready. A quick shower they didn’t dare share for fear of getting distracted with other things, hastily throwing on clothes, and brushing their teeth and making sure their bags were packed.

“I think that’s everything, we can get breakfast on the way there,” Emma replied.

“What about the bathroom, did you go yet?” Niel asked.

“No. I don’t need to, and there’s no time anyway,” Emma replied bluntly.

If Niel hadn’t already known Emma’s odd behavior regarding bathrooms, he might have been inclined to argue or press the issue. After all, anyone foregoing their morning pee would likely come back to bite them. However Niel had, through observation, realized two very interesting things about Emma. The first was that she had an incredibly large bladder. She could hold it for hours on end, to the point where he could see the bulge in her abdomen, and she’d still say she was fine. The second was that, for some reason or another, Emma seemed to put off going to the bathroom for as long as possible.

He noticed it first when they were on their fourth date. It was the first time they were spending more than a few hours together, and as such the first time Niel would reasonably have been able to pick up on Emma’s bathroom habits. They went to an aquarium, Emma’s pick, with plans to spend the whole day there before hopping off to a nice restaurant after. Emma was seldom someone who got excited about things, especially not openly, but there was a noticeable sparkle in her eyes as she read facts off the many plaques and info plates set up for the visitors.

“Sharks and other cartilaginous fish possess special sensory organs, called the ampullae of Lorenzini, which allow them to sense electromagnetic fields. Sharks are highly sensitive to these electromagnetic fields, and it’s been proposed by scientists that they sense the electromagnetic signals created by muscle contractions of their prey to aid in hunting.”

To anyone else, it probably would’ve seemed like Emma had been forced to read that from a textbook, but Niel had picked up on her underlying enthusiasm. He had also picked up on something else. A slight squirm here, a shuffle there. It had been hours since she had first picked him up that morning, so it must’ve been quite some time since she visited a bathroom. He himself also was starting to need to go, especially surrounded by all this water.

“Hey, I need to go to the bathroom real quick,” Niel had stated, expecting her to jump on the opportunity to go herself.

“Sure thing. I’ll wait.”

And wait she did. Even though she showed subtle signs of needing to pee, and Niel picked up on her discomfort, she didn’t voice her desire to go. Niel had gone to the bathroom and filled up again in the time it took her to finally join him on his second trip. It had been right as they were leaving the aquarium. They were passing right by the bathrooms, and Niel stopped.

“I’m gonna go to the bathroom real quick before we head out, if that’s alright.”

Emma nodded, “Same here, gotta piss pretty bad.”

She said it matter-of-factly, like she hadn’t just spent the last few hours putting off trip to the bathroom. It was the first time he noticed Emma’s weird habits, but it certainly wouldn’t be the last. A few dates later, it would come up again. Niel had picked Emma up from her job, and immediately noticed the bulge pressing against the waist of her jeans. He didn’t say anything, figuring she would go once they got to the theater for their movie date, but instead she bought herself a large drink and some popcorn and beelined it for their theater. Throughout the movie it was obvious she was struggling. Her thighs were pressed together, her breathing was strained at times, and she would occasionally nurse her bulging bladder with her hand.

By the time the movie was over, Niel was positive she’d rush to the bathroom in a desperate dash, but instead she stood up calmly and threw out her finished drink and empty popcorn container before following him out of the theater. She was clearly getting unsteady on her feet, likely from the effort of walking and holding it at the same time, but she did nothing to voice her need.

She managed to hold it all the way home, and even after Niel dropped her off, she didn’t once complain about her obvious need. They had a nice, long makeout session on her doorstep before she stepped inside, leaving him both aroused and puzzled.

At first Niel thought it was a fetish. In fact, he was excited at the prospect, since he himself had a secret fascination with women holding it, and he himself participated in holding from time to time as well. However, through delicate prying as to not give away his true hopes or intentions, he discovered it was nothing of the sort. She just saw using the bathroom as a huge inconvenience and put it off for as long as her body would allow, even though he figured her full bladder would be more of an inconvenience. If there was some sort of deeper explanation behind it, linking back to her childhood or upbringing, she hadn’t mentioned it, and it really just seemed to be an odd quirk of her as a person.

Even Emma mentioning that they were in a rush as for why she’d put off going was a flimsy excuse, since Niel himself had been planning on going, and they did have two bathrooms in their apartment. It wasn’t like she was going to struggle with her outfit either. Her fashion sense was function over form. She preferred t-shirts, pants, and hoodies over elaborate outfits at the forefront of fashion.

Niel figured if he took the time to go, she would as well, but they were running late and he was somewhat excited. This trip would be the first time the two would be alone together for an extended period of time. Even after their relationship had developed to the point where they had moved in together, work and college and other obligations seldom gave them a day together, let alone a whole week. Niel had resolved that, at some point during this trip, he would witness the limits of Emma’s holding ability. Ema wouldn’t simply accompany him to the bathroom out of convenience, he would get her to the point where she would actively seek one of her own volition. He would find out how long it would take for her to stop putting it off and seriously search for a bathroom.

He had planned until they were situated in their hotel room to begin thinking about that, but the situation had changed, and the opportunity had presented itself.

“You’re right, we don’t have time, let’s go.”

The two loaded up their bags in Emma’s car and piled in. Both of them enjoyed driving, but Emma’s car was far more roomy and utilitarian compared to Niel’s sports car. Much easier to stuff a couple of suitcases and carry-ons into the back of. It was also far more fuel-efficient, something that would help with their hour-long drive to the airport.

The drive went by without much incident, not that Niel was honestly expecting anything to happen. He really wasn’t the kind of person who needed to pee right after waking up, and apparently neither was Emma. She had shown no indications of needing to go at all. Outside of that, they had made some small-talk, but Emma really wasn’t the kind of person who tried to carry on an empty conversation, and Niel had learned to appreciate the comfortable silences between them.

Once they were at the airport, they quickly found the long-term parking and paid their fare before filing into the airport proper. Airports were always a chaotic mess to Niel, who rarely got the opportunity to fly, but Emma seemed to navigate it as naturally as she breathed. Niel followed her instructions to the letter, letting her take the lead and guide them through the bag check-in, getting them through the TSA lines, and guiding them to the correct gate. They managed to get there with some time to spare, and sat down to wait for their plane.

Niel checked over Emma again, trying to gauge her need. He imagined she still wasn’t feeling much of anything, and her composure and posture seemed completely calm and collected.

“The weather seems like it’s going to be pretty bad once we get there,” Emma stated, not looking up from her phone, “But tomorrow it should be clear. We should go to the beach then.”

“Sounds like a plan,” Niel nodded, smiling at his girlfriend. Emma really did love the beach and sealife, and they didn’t live near the beach normally, so even though she didn’t sound all that excited, Niel knew better, “If tonight’s gonna be rainy, then we should stop by that restaurant I heard about. A nice meal indoors, and then we can head back to the hotel room and relax.”

“Yes,” Emma agreed.

It wasn’t long before they were boarding their flight. They went with economy class to save money, and neither Niel nor Emma seemed all that bothered about the idea of spending hours cramped in a tight space. Emma had packed a book with her and Niel opted to listen to some music, popping his earbuds in and pulling up a long playlist he had prepared specifically for the flight.

It wasn’t until they were up in the air and had been flying for a while that Niel felt the first telltale signs of his bladder. It wasn’t urgent, it wasn’t even really a nag, but if he was feeling something, then perhaps Emma was as well. He glanced over, trying to gauge her level of comfort, but she seemed entirely engrossed in her book. She didn’t even notice him watching her.

He glanced back out the window, watching the clouds go by as he felt the quiet hum of the plane through the seat. He was quite tired, and he had never been much of a morning person in the first place. He rested his head against the back of his seat and closed his eyes, drifting off.

“Hey, wake up, we’re here.”

For the second time that day, Niel found himself being gently prodded awake by his girlfriend. Emma observed him to make sure he was up before standing up and stretching. Niel did the same thing, only to stop suddenly when he felt his bladder nag him. It wasn’t bad, but he was definitely feeling the effects of skipping the trip to the bathroom that morning.

He glanced over at Emma, seeing if she would show any outward signs that she was in the same boat, but she merely calmly stretched, reaching up to grab their luggage from the overhead and handing Niel his bag before they began disembarking. Leaving the airport was much easier than navigating it, and after a short mishap where they accidentally grabbed someone else’s luggage-- In Niel’s defense, it looked exactly like his, they were out into the city proper.

The bustling activity around them was a far cry from the quaint suburbia where they lived. Niel’s eyes sparkled as he looked around, trying to spot familiar buildings or recognizable landmarks, but as it turned out, that was a lot harder to do when you were surrounded by the highways and tall buildings of the airport.

The two hailed a taxi, something Niel always wanted to do, and asked to be taken to their hotel. Emma had to correct him on the address, rolling her eyes at his childish enthusiasm at taking a taxi, but soon the two were on their way.

It was at this point that Emma first showed any outward signs of needing to pee. It was short, something Niel doubted he would’ve picked up on if he hadn’t been paying attention to her at the time. She pressed her thighs together longer than normal and shook her leg slightly before relaxing.

By the time they got to the hotel and settled down, Niel definitely had to go pee. He wouldn’t go as far as saying he was desperate or anything. He did have quite the bladder capacity, but it was definitely a noticeable need. Emma, on the other hand, wasn’t giving any indication of being uncomfortable. Instead, she seemed to be scrolling through her phone again.

“So, aside from the restaurant, did you want to do anything, or did you just want to relax here?” Emma asked.

“No, we can do something,” Niel answered, “But I guess it’s going to be raining, so just walking around might not be the best idea.”

“There’s a pretty popular candy factory near here, they make saltwater taffy and give tours where you can see them make it,” Emma pointed out, “Thought it looked interesting.”

“Well, if you want to go, then we can,” Niel nodded.

Emma nodded once and the two stood up, heading to leave. Emma seemed to pause, though, pressing her legs together again and shuffling them slightly. Clearly she was feeling full, but she didn’t so much as glance at the bathrooms before they headed off.

A hop, skip, and a taxi ride later, and the two were at the factory, joining a long line of people waiting for the tours, apparently it was a popular tourist attraction.

The wait in line wasn’t too bad, but Niel couldn’t help but notice that it seemed to heighten Emma’s need. She was more restless than normal, shuffling her legs a bit more than usual, pressing her thighs together more. All subtle things, and Niel would’ve missed them if he had been distracted, but he knew Emma enough to know that she was filling up. He was too, but it wasn’t too bad and he wasn’t about to give her the opportunity to accompany him.

The tour itself was rather lackluster. A bored-sounding tour guide took them through each room, practically reading straight off the info cards laid out for the guests. It was the standard stuff. The founder of the company built it from the ground up based off of his grandfather’s taffy recipe and turned it into the household name it was today. They talked about the difficulty of preserving the quality and texture of the taffy through transport, and the various technological advancements that made it possible.

Niel kept glancing over at Emma to gauge either her reaction or her need to pee, but neither were obvious. If she was disappointed or satisfied with the tour, it didn’t show on her face, and despite her earlier struggle with the line, she seemed to have regained her composure, and was now easily masking what little desperation she might have been feeling.

The best part of the tour came at the end. The free samples they handed out to their patrons. They also got to look around the giftshop afterwards, where they bought more of the taffy and drinks to help wash it down.

By the time the tour was out, it was raining pretty hard. Niel was feeling the effects of both the sound of the rain, as well as the large drink in his hands, and he was positive Emma must’ve been in a similar boat. Still, she carried herself with the same calm poise that she normally had, and the two quickly called a taxi and set a course for the restaurant Niel had heard about.

“Ah, Mista’s? Yeah, great place. Great food. Ah, but it’s pretty crowded around this time of night, hope you don’t mind a wait.”

The cab driver had been correct. By the time they got to the restaurant, the tables were packed and there were a few parties in front of them. Neither Niel nor Emma seemed to mind, however. Emma merely sat down at the waiting area, crossing her legs as she did so. Niel did so as well, shuffling his legs and trying to get comfortable with his filling bladder.

“You okay?” Emma asked, looking over at him, “You haven’t gone to the bathroom all day.”

“I’m fine,” Niel reassured her, “Besides, you haven’t either. Don’t you have to go?”

Niel figured he’d address it outright, now that the conversation had turned that way.

“A little, but I’m fine, I can wait,” Emma replied, “You know me.”

“Yeah,” Niel nodded, still a little surprised at her blazen disregard for her own body’s needs. Sure, he was doing the same thing, but he was doing so as a reaction to Emma’s own attitude towards relieving herself. She was doing it purposefully, and for seemingly no reason.

He thought to press the issue further, but before he could, their names were called and they were ushered back to a table. It was near the back of the restaurant, close to the bathrooms, and Niel wondered if Emma would give in and go simply due to their proximity.

Instead, however, once they ordered their drinks and the waiter gave them time to look over the menu, Emma simply straightened herself and spared the toilets a passing glance before studying the menu, showing no signs of getting up.

“What sounds good to you?” Niel asked, “I’m thinking the smoked salmon burger with the Calabrian chile sauce.”

“I’ll probably get the pasta alla gricia with the caprese salad,” Emma answered.

The two placed their orders and as they waited, Niel noticed Emma’s inherent restlessness. It was clear that, in spite of how casually she had dismissed needing to go earlier, that she was getting quite uncomfortable. She wasn’t squirming in desperation, but her movements were stiff, and she seemed to adjust her position every few minutes to try to find some semblance of comfort. Niel cursed the fact that they were sitting across from each other at the table. He wanted to see if her bladder was noticeable yet.

Their meals came and as they sipped their drinks and ate their food, Niel and Emma began chatting about their plans for the week. Beach tomorrow, probably some aimless sightseeing the next day, then while looking around they could pinpoint and plan specific things the next few days. After that, they were headed back home.

“It’s nice to get away from work,” Emma replied suddenly before taking another bite of her pasta.

“I thought you liked your new job?” Niel asked, “You really like the aquarium, so I figured you had a lot of fun there.”

“I do, but, you know,” Emma replied, “People are dumb sometimes. Plus some things can be a pain.”

Niel didn’t think Emma was going to elaborate on either of those, so instead he nodded, “Yeah, I can see that. I guess it’s nice to get away from classes too, right?”

Emma nodded in agreement, “Too much math.”

Niel smiled. He didn’t hate math nearly as much as Emma did, but he wasn’t about to argue with that sentiment.

The two continued eating, and soon they had finished their respective meals. Once again, Niel turned his attention to Emma, and her subtle desperation. She had one hand reaching down under the table, and Niel seriously wondered if she was holding herself discreetly or rubbing her full bladder with it. He wouldn’t get to see, though. Once they paid, they stood up and Emma’s discomfort seemingly vanished as she stood up and stretched.

“Let’s go back to the hotel room,” she stated, and Niel couldn’t agree more.

A short taxi ride back, spent with Niel fruitlessly trying to spot a hint of Emma’s growing desperation, and the two were heading up to their hotel room. Niel was a bit disappointed, figuring the second they were back there’d be no reason for either of them not to go, and that that was the last he’d see of Emma’s full bladder. However, as they were walking down the hall, Emma stopped abruptly. She drew in a sharp breath, and clamped her thighs together.

“You okay?”

“Y-yeah, I’m fine,” Emma nodded, closing her eyes for a second longer before relaxing and returning to her normal stride. She had clearly been overcome with a sharp wave of desperation, but instead of admitting it and making a mad dash down the hall back to their hotel room, she merely walked the rest of the way.

Niel unlocked the hotel room door and expected Emma to beeline to the bathroom, but instead she plopped herself down onto the couch and patted the spot next to her.

“Come on, I’m pretty tired, we should relax a bit.”

While Niel was never opposed to the idea of cuddling with his girlfriend, the fact that she was still willing to hold on, despite there being a very accessible and very open bathroom right behind the couch she was sitting on baffled him, especially given her desperate outburst earlier. Niel himself was feeling uncomfortably full, and there was no way she wasn’t equally as desperate.

Still, Niel wasn’t about to encourage her to use the bathroom, especially since his goal was to see just how long she could hold out. It had been at least 12 hours since this morning, and she hadn’t even gone then, so there was no telling how long they had been holding it.

Niel sat down and tried to find a position where his full bladder wouldn’t bother him too much, and the two cuddled up next to each other. Niel could feel Emma squirm and wriggle underneath him, all her subtle movements amplified through their touch. He could hear her breathing slightly heavier than normal, and he could feel her shifting around. He could also clearly see her swollen bladder, bulging out against her waistband, undoubtedly making her very uncomfortable. Yet despite that, she didn’t show any desire to get up and use the bathroom, even though there was one right behind her.

The contact and very idea that his girlfriend was so desperate to pee turned Niel on, and either through his own touch or her own inherent arousal, the two began making out. Both of them made careful movements, each nursing their own full bladders, as they locked lips and ran their hands down each other’s bodies. They had some fun exploring, but stopped before starting anything serious. Niel himself wasn’t about to do anything with his bladder as full as it was, and Emma seemed comfortable stopping where they did. It was uncharacteristic of her to not go in for the kill, so to speak, so clearly she must’ve been feeling the effects of her bladder as well.

“I’m going to go take a shower,” she stated, and Niel nodded. A whole day with her not peeing. That was good enough for him. Although she didn’t state her intentions of going, there was no way Emma wouldn’t pee before getting into the shower. Just the idea of having to take a shower with his full bladder made Niel shudder in desperation.

Yet as Emma emerged from the bathroom, wrapped in nothing but a towel, the bulge of her full bladder was still clearly visible, and Niel hadn’t heard the toilet flush either. The thought excited Niel so much that, now that it was his turn to use the shower, he managed to take care of business without peeing himself, and emerged from the bathroom still full, but refreshed.

“I’m tired, come to bed with me,” Emma asked, and Niel agreed. The two crawled into bed in their current state of undress, and cuddled up next to each other. As Niel shifted around uncomfortably due to his full bladder, he wondered if he’d be able to slip off in the middle of the night to pee without Emma joining him. But something made him dislike that idea. Part of him wanted to see if he could hold out as long as her, and another part of him felt that this was some sort of unspoken battle of honor, and that resorting to such a dirty tactic would be unbecoming of him. He highly doubted Emma was actually holding it because he was, but he still resolved not to go before she did.

Speaking of Emma and her own full bladder, she was very clearly desperate, especially now that she was laying down. Niel could feel and hear the shuffle of the sheets as she crossed and uncrossed her legs, and her breathing was strained as she struggled to hold it in. Niel wondered if she’d be able to get to sleep at all, or if, now that she was in bed and her need to pee was ever-present, if she’d finally give in and go. Still, after a few moments, her motions settled down, and were replaced with a light snoring.

Niel himself found sleep coming easier despite his full bladder, perhaps the day had worn him out, but as his eyelids grew heavy, he focused on the sleeping form of his girlfriend next to him and drifted off to sleep as well.

“Hey, wake up.”

Niel’s eyes shot open and the first thing he noticed was how badly he needed to pee. The next thing he noticed was that Emma was sitting on the bed next to him, squirming and shuffling her legs back and forth desperately.

“Hey Ems,” he smiled, “What time is it?”

“10:30,” she answered, “Figured I’d let you sleep in today. I know you hate mornings.”

Niel got up and winced as his bladder yelled in protest. He was definitely bursting. Yet, at the same time, so was Emma, who could barely sit still. There was no reason for her not to have gone to the bathroom by now, other than her strange desire to hold off for seemingly as long as possible.

“The hotel has breakfast in the lobby until 11. We should head down there before it’s too late.”

Niel nodded and the two got dressed. Niel had some difficulties with his pants, but Emma was clearly struggling with hers, taking in a sharp breath and wincing as she fastened the button of her jeans right over her bladder bulge. As they made their way down to the breakfast hall, she more shuffled than walked as she kept her thighs pressed together, and Niel was sure she was going to give in any minute now and head to the restroom in the hotel lobby.

Instead, she managed to grab her food without garnering much suspicion and sat down, crossing her legs tightly as they prepared to eat. Niel himself was dying to pee by this point, but once again as a matter of pride, he resolved to hold on until Emma gave in.

“So, I checked the weather again this morning,” Emma smiled, “It’s still clear, so we can still head to the beach. I’ve already packed out swimsuits in this bag. There should be a changing room there.”

Niel nodded, though between his own bladder and the knowledge that Emma had to be bursting by now, he could barely focus on their plans for the day. He winced as he finished off his orange juice, and was amazed when Emma grabbed her own glass, chugging hers without a hint of discomfort.

Without stopping to use the bathroom first, the two left the hotel and piled into another taxi. Emma had regained a semblance of composure, but Niel was seriously doubting whether they’d make it through the drive to the beach dry. Emma definitely seemed worse for wear. Her breathing was ragged, she had a hand jammed between her legs, and her thighs were pressed together around it Niel swore she was cutting off the circulation to her fingers. He wasn’t in much better shape, but through careful control of his breathing and shifting to find the right position, he managed to mitigate his desperation.

Finally, the two half-hobbled, half-stood as they piled out of the taxi, and Niel was instantly hit with the sound of the crashing waves. Emma seemed to notice this too, and practically doubled over as she squeezed her eyes shut. She finally righted herself and drew in the smell of the sea.

“The changing booth is over there, let’s go.”

Going from relatively tight jeans to the looser waistband of his swim trunks was a blessing to Niel, and he was sure Emma was feeling similar relief. She emerged from the woman’s side shortly after, wearing the most girly outfit Niel had ever seen her in. It was a pink bikini with a frilled skirt around the bottom, and a modest but still revealing top. Her exposed belly did nothing to hide her bulging bladder, and she seemed restless as she headed over to him.

“I’m gonna take a piss before we go swimming, my bladder’s about to explode here,” she stated, motioning to her swollen abdomen.

“Sounds good, I gotta go do,” Niel admitted, though that was a bit of an understatement. Still, he had finally done it. It took a day and a half, but Emma finally acknowledged her body’s needs before he did.

They arrived at the bathrooms and, to Emma’s visible dismay, there was a line for the lady’s side. Luckily for Niel, the men’s side was open, and he went in and finally relieved himself. It was a blissful experience, and he let out a contented sigh as he placed a hand over his now empty bladder.

Once he emerged, however, he noticed Emma had not been so fortunate. She had barely moved up in the line, and as soon as she saw Niel come out, she headed over to him.

“Let’s go,” Emma replied, “hurry.”

“Huh, but don’t you need to-”

Before Niel could finish his sentence, Emma tugged him along and they hurried along the sand, finding a relatively secluded place. Emma set down her bag and looked around nervously.

“Cover for me, I’m gonna pee behind these rocks.”

“Huh? You can’t do that here, if we get caught…”

“Niel, please,” Emma looked over at him, desperation clear in her voice, “I’m about to explode, here. I haven’t gone since yesterday. I’m at my limit! There’s no way I’m making it through that line dry.”

“Okay, try to hurry,” Niel replied, looking around.

He tried to block Emma from anyone else’s view as she squatted down. Almost immediately, she erupted like a geyser. A hot, powerful torrent of pee shot out of her and sprayed against the rocks. Emma bit her lip as she held back a near orgasmic moan of relief as she finally gave into her body’s needs. Niel had just peed himself, but he had nothing on her in terms of force as her stream left her. The hot urine struck the rocks and flowed down in rivulettes, turning the pale grey rocks dark in streaks as it wet the surface. Emma placed a hand on her still-swollen bladder as it emptied and visibly shrunk as she peed, throwing her head back and letting out another blissful sigh.

She peed for what felt like an eternity before her flow started to taper off. A few more spurts as she pushed the rest of her pee out of her, and she finally stopped. Pulling up her bikini bottoms, she looked around, satisfied that no one but Niel had seen her display.

“Thanks, Niel, I seriously couldn’t hold it anymore.”

Niel wanted to ask her why she had held it on for as long as she did in the first place, but he doubted she’d give him a clear answer. Instead, she watched her finish setting up their stuff and run off towards the water, waving him on with a subdued smile. She was an enigma, through and through, but as Niel followed her into the water, he realized that was part of why he loved her so much.

- The End -

