POV of a Married Man

Author: Roleing579

*000*2023-09-08 15:00

While I may have my fair share of imperfections, one thing I can proudly claim is that I'm unwaveringly loyal. However, the love I have for my wife is far from the wholesome sugar coated fairy tales. There’s definitely no till death do us apart and soul mate theory bullshit in our relationship. Love between us manifests itself through acceptance, mutual respect, tolerance and providing each other space to breathe.

My wife possesses a remarkable blend of qualities – love, care, empathy, and sweetness. Simultaneously, she grapples with her own insecurities, occasional impulses, sprinkled with anger issues. In all fairness, I am not an embodiment of a balanced man either. On one hand, I am passionate about my work, mostly helpful and realistic. On the same note, I am not good with change, a picky eater, a neat freak, and a borderline people pleaser.

A match made in heaven, eh? What two years of dating didn’t teach us, a year into marriage was sufficient to hammer down relationship lessons. It’s just crazy how two people in love, at times, can’t stand each other under one roof. Don’t get me wrong, my intention is not to paint a toxic tale of marriage, it’s quite the contrary. Healthy relationship entitles disagreement, ability to express honestly, being okay with having a fight from time to time. Natalie and I have been blessed with such recurring episodes.

“Jacob, I think we should limit our alcohol when we celebrate. Don’t get me wrong, I had an awesome time last night, but getting drunk to the point where you peed yourself, that’s just…” Natalie announced, walking down the hallway, holding onto a pile of laundry.

You heard my wife, right? What do you think? Was it really an accident? Look, I will be talking to you from time to time. I don’t know who you are, I have no clue as to which part of the world you are from, but one thing I know for sure is that you and I have something in common. And this series will narrate how my wife will be the third person to share our little secret.

Did I just get your juices flowing? If yes, pour yourself a beverage, and follow along. I’ll try my best to keep you on the edge.

We all have a little part of us that will never see the light of the day, don’t we? No, I am not talking about our butt holes. Damn, I envy the nudists who can boast about holding their buttholes to sunlight, and explain how beautiful that feels. Sorry, I kind of side tracked there a bit. I am talking about certain things that we feel, deep secrets we hold, to be more precise, the kinks we desire the most. In my case, or if it’s safe to say, our case, I can broadly categorize it as pee and poop.

Until my wife and I celebrated our first anniversary the night before, I strongly believed that I’ll carry this secret of mine to my grave. Thanks to my lowered inhibitions, the comfort I felt around Natalie, and the safe space which was our backyard, I managed to finally wet myself in front of my wife. I know, I know, you need context. Natalie is a software developer, and I am a copywriter. Both our jobs are hybrid. While she needs to show up twice a week at work, I am required to pop in only when something serious needs to be discussed, which mostly is never.

This situation only meant that the two of us stayed, worked, ate, slept and chilled under the same roof for long hours. Very early into our marriage, we realized this was going to be a problem. This is one of the many aspects I respect deeply about my wife. She loves having her personal space and is very aware that I am cut out from the same cloth. With our combined income, we live in a house that’s spacious, has three bedrooms, a wide balcony and vast living room. She works out of one room, I carry out my role in the other, and the third is where we sleep and fuck. Not that we don’t fuck around the house, lol.

You like how this is going so far? Kind of a slow burn, right? It’s going to be this way. Ever tried telling your partner you’re into pee and poop? All you extroverts out there, I just need 10 percent of the energy you carry. You have no idea what difference that would make in my life. I just don’t understand how you wear your heart on your sleeve all the time. I admire that! But when you’ve been an introvert all your life, I am sure you understand how difficult it is to have such a conversation. Add in a strict father who constantly judged you growing up, never appreciated your opinions, and compared you constantly to others, well what do you get? A fine fuck up like me, trying to figure out healthy coping skills.

Look, I am really enjoying writing this. But the thing is, I am a sucker for approval. So I need you to comment, and tell me either to continue or say, dude you’re boring. Messed up right? But don’t worry, I am working on it. But do let me know, just saying 🙂

*002*2023-09-25 07:11

Now that you have a clear picture of our living arrangement, more importantly, about Nicole and me, let me dive right into how things unfolded on the day of our anniversary. Both of us decided to get off work early. As most weekends were spent at pubs, and traveling, we decided to celebrate at home. While Nicole took up the task of ordering food and alcohol, I happily cleaned our apartment, set the mood, and ordered a small cake to amp up the vibe.

07:00 PM

The soft light across our home was turned on, a tall bottle of white rum, coke and glasses were laid out on the center table. Nicole walked out of our room. The pleasant smell of her perfume, slightly damp hair, and her glowing skin indicated that she’d just showered. Curious to know how Nicole looks?

Firstly, she’s a runner. Often participates in 10k marathons and she’s preparing to run a 15k next week. She’s brown skinned, and visits a dermatologist often to treat her acne. I really don’t understand why this bothers her so much. She has a few marks on her face, which to my eyes are almost nonexistent. But holy fuck, it screws with her mind a lot. I’ll probably rant about it some other time.

Getting back to describing her, Nicole has black curly hair that almost tickles her waist. Her body is toned af! Firm plump breasts, curvy waist, and a very desirable butt. She’s the kind of a woman who’s ass can be noticed from a distance. Her pussy? Mostly clean shaved, and when life gets in the way, a layer of natural bush can be seen. I like both the variations 🙂

Both of us just love the idea of comfort wear. I feel my partner looks best wearing my old t-shirt and a pantie. Nicole is aware of this, and for our occasion, she was wearing a printed tee of mine, and when she leaned forward to further dry her hair, I noticed her light yellow pantie. Living with a secret fetish often pushes one to a world of imagination. For instance, when I saw her leaning forward, the T-shirt she was wearing rode up. Like a curtain that raises before a play, the main stage, which happens to be my wife’s pantie covered butt reveals itself magnificently. In reality, the fabric of her pantie is clean, and dry. However in the realms of my imagination, Nicole lets out a few soft bursts of air, as her pantie begins to bulge, as a cascade of pee trickles down her smooth thighs.

“Will you just keep staring? I don’t mind you being a ass kisser you know” says Nicole playfully. To which, I immediately respond “Yes ma’am!”. One of the things that turns both of us on is randomness. In the privacy of our home, it’s not uncommon for us to carry out sexual acts at odd places. Like, right now, I am kneeling behind my wife, who’s pantie is lowered to her knees, with buttcheeks parted open, while my tongue pushes into her tight asshole. All this while she continues to dry her hair.

08:00 PM

“Time flies huh babe?” I say to Nicole, fixing both our drinks in our backyard, which is a grassy small area, with two garden chairs, a table and thick privacy fencing surrounding our property. “It’s just crazy. How does it feel to be married? Hope you’re not tired of me driving you to the gates of insanity” she responds, in her usual way.

So, here’s the thing… One year of marriage has taught me quite a few valuable lessons. Compatibility is something that needs to be worked on daily. It’s definitely not a thing that magically happens between two people. Expect fights, choose your battles, and to men, here’s a note - learn when to fucking listen! I know how our minds work, we are fixers, logical thinkers and problem solvers. But on the same note, you have no idea how many fights I could have avoided if only I had shut the fuck up. So yeah, Nicole and I have had quite a few fights. From me not keeping up my word in certain situations to her overreacting which didn’t even qualify for a reaction, issues surfaced from time to time.

“We did take a vow to support each other, didn't we?” I say cheekily, and handed her a drink. “I know this may sound cheesy, but babe, you’re the best thing that happened to me” I tell her, and with that came an emotional hug, followed promptly with a kiss. How do I put this, Nicole and I aren’t heavy drinkers. But when the occasion feels right, the party animal in us awakens. Conversations flowed smoothly, we spoke about our next trip in detail. Freezed upon the days. Then, the talks moved to us patting our backs for being consistent with savings. By now, we’d managed to polish off 40 percent of white rum, and the buzz started to get to us. Nicole likes to dance, and I find it pretty uncomfortable. But with just her being around, I decided to let go of my insecurities and moved my body to the beats as my wife put out some really hot moves.

09:00 PM

We were sweating from all the dancing, as we poured ourselves into the 4th round. By now, I needed to pee. There’s a particular corner in our backyard that I often water using my cock. To Nicole, it’s not really a big deal. On many occasions, while tending to our gardens, I’ve turned on my hose, with her being present. She just chuckles or ignores me when I am taking care of my business. With alcohol in play, I was feeling a lot more relaxed, and told my wife “Be right back”, before walking up to my spot, and peeing for a good 20 seconds. Sometimes I feel that the release of a pent up bladder is more pleasurable than sex. I return and tell her just that. To which, she admits that my words were true. “So not fair that guys can stand and pee”, a comment came my way. “Uh huh, same goes for a woman having multiple orgasms!” I counter, and the two of us end up giggling.

“Fuck it, I am just too lazy to walk all the way in” said Nicole. Almost immediately, something stirred between my legs. This was the first time Nicole was so casual about this. Apart from the times when we were out on treks, and on road trips, when there’s no way Nicole could find a toilet, it was only then Mother Nature would be considered. Peeing in the backyard was definitely new. Probably the effect of alcohol, I thought, and watched my beautiful wife walk to the same spot. I watched as the tips of her fingers curled around the elastic of her pantie, pushed it all the way down to her knees, and at the same time, her waist pushed her butt out, while she effortlessly lowered herself to a squat. I could see the thin blades of grass almost reaching her butt. “You’re right, fuck this feels good” exhales Nicole, looking straight ahead.

Boy o boy, was I horny! For the love of god, I am horny right now thinking about it. Picture this, a full squat, lovely back view, sound of gushing pee, I am sure you and I both can relate as to how hot this was to witness. Mmmmmmhhh!!!

The manner in which Nicole prepared herself for the release, reverse the process, that’s exactly how I saw my wife pull her knicker back up, and join me to continue the night of drinking. I couldn’t help but wonder if the loose drops of her pee warmed the fabric of her pantie. In a minute, that burning question in my mind was answered, as Nicole folded her legs and took a seat beside me. Yes, a small part of her yellow knicker had turned a shade darker.

*003*2023-10-03 12:54

As a copywriter, no conversation feels lull to me. Nicole and I are the kind of people who enthusiastically discuss work. Sometimes, she’s the best soundboard I can have. Though she isn’t from an advertising background, my wife can definitely give me a run for my money.

I’d recently been working on this particular campaign. With AI disrupting the way we operate, a prominent client that my agency extends its service had this requirement. They needed a campaign that would have visuals created solely by AI. To cut things short, I had this presentation that I needed to pitch on Monday.

While the clock slowly ticked towards midnight, our glasses continued to be refilled, while I walked my wife through the process of my ideation. Nicole listened to me intently, and threw a few practical questions my way. My gestures were more dramatic, and so was my tone. We’d quite literally polished off an entire bottle, resulting in both of us feeling seriously buzzed.

“You continue, I’ll need to um… take care of something again” said Nicole. The nonchalance she portrayed felt extremely arousing. “Geez! I’ll need to change out of these panties before we sleep” was all she said, as I watched her take the squat posture. The alcohol clearly was having an effect on her. Nicole was now holding the wall for support, and what she said next blew my mind “Fuck! It’s getting all over my bloody knicker!” Said Nicole, playfully. I could see her pantie was not all the way down, and I was dead sure that my wife sprayed some of her urine onto her underwear.

I have no idea what got into me. My drunken mind convinced me that it was the right moment to wet myself. So this is how it went:

Mind: look, she clearly wet her pantie accidentally. It would be nice if you empathised with her, and wet yourself too.

Counter thought: but what if she’s not that thrilled about it?

Mind: look, opportunities don’t present themselves so often. Just go for it.

Alas, there was no counter thought that flowed after that. What did however was a warm trickle, running down my thighs. The feeling was extremely comforting. My cock shot out pee in large spurts. The third or the forth spurt turned into a continuous stream, spreading to the base of my balls, marking its way through my inner thighs, and finally flowing down my shins and ankles.

I saw Nicole stand up, and examine her pantie that was stretching near her knees. Her bare butt made my cock twitch. “These are damp” is all I heard, as she stepped out of them and turned around.

“What the fuck!!!” Were the three words that left her mouth. “Jacob!! How drunk are you hun!” Were the next set. I just stood there, emptying the last bit of whatever was left in my bladder. “Um…” I said, looking very silly. “Guess it's a shower and head to bed… Don’t stress… let’s just clean up” she said, walking back in.

To be continued…

*004*2023-12-07 08:20

I don’t think either of us were stable enough to have sex that night. Or wait, did we? You see, that’s the kind of drinking which unfolded on our anniversary. Strangely, the hangover was not all that bad the next morning.

To give you an instant recap, my wife stood with a basket of dirty laundry, telling me how we shouldn’t be drinking to a point where I would end up wetting myself. At this moment, a small part of me was disappointed. I could feel my chest swell up with embarrassment. Instant regret, followed by shame. Despite me having polished off a decent amount of alcohol, I vividly remembered myself giving into the fetish side of me, wetting myself consciously, with a hope or let’s say, expectation that my wife would think it would be hot.

“Yeah, let’s just put it behind us…” I tell her, and gently took the laundry bag from her hands. “I’ll take care of this… you get ready to meet your friends” I tell her, and carry out my walk of shame towards the bathroom.

I’d kind of expected Nicole to say something, a few words of comfort maybe, but there were none. She just walked back into our room. One thing I’ve learned from the relationship podcasts I often listen to is, communicate with your fucking partner! Despite my logical mind reminding me of that, I just found it extremely hard. Easier said than done, I guess.

@@The pile of laundry had both our clothes. It would need one load to do the job. Right on the top were my soiled garments. They definitely looked stained, and smelled of my accident. Without thinking much, I threw them into the gaping entrance of our washing machine. However, the next set of clothes did get me thinking. Nicole’s slightly stained pantie stared right back at me. I found myself starting to feel conscious, as I looked around to check if she was nowhere close. The urge to hold it up, examine it, and maybe even take a sniff… Fuck! What the actual fuck! Why on earth am I so perverted! Were the fresh set of thoughts that got dissolved effortlessly as my hungry lust took over. There I was, giving into buried fantasies that I never thought would see the light of the day. The dull smell of Nicole’s pee entered my nostrils, resulting in an accelerated hard on. To give you a perspective, if my cock was a car, it would probably be a Ferrari. The speed at which it transformed from a soft lump to a raging hardon, 0 to a fucking 100 in just seconds.

At a distance, I could hear the gentle splatter of Nicole’s shower. This gave me the confidence to peruse my act further. What happened next was me on autopilot. I don’t know how my cock found its way out of my shorts, how a hand began stroking it, how my wife’s pantie was pressed against my nose, and in just seconds, how thick ropes of cum shot into the washing machine. Guys, you know those moments when you haven’t jerked off for a few days, and when you finally do it, that shiver? That feeling of your body coming alive? Your knees going weak? That shudder? Yeah, multiply that by 10, and that’s how orgasmic it felt for me at that moment.

It took a few seconds for reality to sink back in. When it did, it brought in a good dose of guilt. There I was, standing in my bathroom, cum dripping from my cock, after having jerked off to my wife’s soiled pantie. Quickly I pulled my shorts and underwear back up, and threw the rest of the laundry in, before watching the washing machine wash away the evidence of a few unforgettable moments.

I decided to make myself some coffee, and game for a bit. It was the weekend afterall. My wife had plans, and my buddy Mike was coming home a few hours later. While I booted my system, and sipped coffee, Nicole walked in. Dressed in light blue jeans, a white shirt, a brown jacket, and boots. “You look good babe” I complimented, while my sick mind visualised her pristine jeans slowly turning a shade darker, as Nicole casually wet herself beside me. “Thanks love” she said, kissing my cheeks. “I’ll be home in a few hours, I am not taking the car. Meeting Jennifer, so I’ll probably be drinking” she explained her plans.

“Cool, Mike will be home in a while. So I am guessing we’ll be drinking at home too” I respond. Nicole gathered her stuff, and when she was just about to leave, she said “Listen… I am not sure if it’s my overthinking… but I kind of get this this feeling that there was something more to what happened last night… I’ll start the party with Jennifer, and probably you and I can end it at home?” She asked.

To be continued…

*006*2023-12-14 11:21

“Um… alright” was all that I could say. It felt like something was exchanged between us, without talking about it directly. With that, Nicole carried on with her day, and so did I.

My wife’s pretty cool, huh? What do you think, is this the start of something new? An exciting venture that’s about to unfold? Will I finally be able to live out my fantasies?

With me making enough money to live a good life, a few months ago, I was able to buy myself something that I’d been yearning for as a kid. A full-fledged gaming setup. In our third bedroom, I had set up a complete racing kit, wheels, gears, seats, curved monitor, and pedals. It did cost me a bomb, but believe me, it’s worth every penny.

I decided to play my favourite, Forza Horizon 5, and kill time until my buddy Matt showed up. We had this ritual where we’d meet during the weekends, grab a few beers, and just discuss life. After winning a few races, and crashing out on the rest, I heard the doorbell go off.

It was Matt, holding a six pack, dressed casual, waiting to unwind for a few hours. “Sup, how’s it going?” He asked, looking fresh, and fit, as usual. Mike and I were friends for almost 7 years now. We worked in the same company, and hit it off pretty well as bros. Our mutual interest in biking created this bond, and on an emotional note, that dude had my back, and so did I.

It didn’t take us long before the cans cracked open, and conversation around how life had been took over. Mike was married to Sarah, a good woman, ambitious and loyal. The two lived a few miles away from us, and couple outings were pretty frequent. Nicole and Sarah got along well, and even had their thing going. Just to clear the air, there’s nothing sexual between us, the couples. This story is not going in that direction. Although it’s hot, I agree, but no. In this series, you’ll basically learn all about Nicole and me. I am extremely aware that this is a slow burn. I am intentionally keeping it that way. So hang in there, and a spoiler alert, things will turn dirty. My sexy wife will poop herself, pee around the house, on me, and a lot more.

Now, where were we… Oh yes, Mike and I shared a beer. So, we discussed our next plan, a ride for the coming weekend. Thankfully, both our wives had plans, leaving the two of us to ride out. “Holy fuck, I’d be wanting to ride up there for fucking ages!” Said Mike, as I pulled out a reel from Instagram that I had saved. The destination was a good 200 miles away. It was this mad Rocky Mountain Range that gave out the vibes of Red Dead Redemption two outback. We were quick to plan the route, and chart out a rough plan. Time flies when two people have a good time.

We heard a cab pull into our driveway, and it was Nicole. Matt and her exchanged a few words, and my buddy took our leave. “You’re back early” I said, as Nicole removed her heels, and slumped into the couch. “Jennifer’s sitter bailed out while we were out. She had to rush… so…” she said, and got busy on her phone. The anticipation building within me was reaching its peak, but strangely I didn’t want to come off as too eager. Given the subject we were about to discuss.

“Ah, sucks” I tell her. “Let me cook us some dinner, and have a lazy evening. Sounds good?” I ask. Nicole makes an affirmative noise, still busy on her phone. I can’t help but notice her squirming. She did need to pee, that was evident. But on the same note, I didn’t want to jump the gun, and make assumptions. As I was on the way to the kitchen, she said “Hun, I’ll help you in a minute. Have to send this mail out urgently… Don’t think I am forgetting the conversation that’s due…” she said, giving me attention for a brief few seconds, backed by a naughty grin.

My heart began racing, thinking of possibilities and the different directions this conversation of ours would take. “Yep, I am glad” I tell her, and get my ass into the kitchen. Knowing Nicole likes soup, salads and chicken, I got to task right away. Half way through the process of cutting veggies, and my mind exploding from overthinking, I felt Nicole give my butt cheek a squeeze. “Seeing you cook turns me on, you know…” she whispered into my ears. “So invested, precise, and dedicated… my lovely husband being such a gentleman” she added, while her hand slipped into my shorts, now feeling my bare butt. “Someone’s not wearing a boxer” she teased, running her finger between my cheeks. I loved it when my wife flirted. She had this sexy tone, and her gestures were so smooth.

I turned around, and pulled her into a kiss. My hand pressed her ample butt cheeks, and my tongue tasted the sweet residue of alcohol from her. The intimacy lasted for a good few seconds, and she pulled back. “Oh, how silly of me… I forgot to mention the most important thing. You know how these pubs are, don’t you? Filthy bathrooms and long lines… So fucking annoying. Always gets to me, and I am forced to hold… two glasses of wine… two whole hours…” she lingered on, and finally said “I so badly need to pee…” in the cutest way possible. Fuck, that puppy face, and damsel in distress body language, can this get any more sexier!

To be continued…

*007*2023-12-19 14:42

This was the moment that I stepped in, and for the first time in our married life, I voiced out my thoughts around the subject of my interest. “Hold on… hold on… Nicole?” I said, stopping her from advancing further. “We need to talk… you know I am not a big fan of guessing or assuming, right?” I said.

Nicole stepped out of character, and walked up to me. “Yes, I do…” she responded. “Look, I’ll get it…” she continued “I have this feeling… I mean, yesterday… I got this feeling, to be precise, that you seem to have this odd interest around pee…”

Guys, you know… It was that moment, all my fears, kind of evaporated. For years, I had built this notion in my head that the fetish I possess is extremely taboo, people would judge me, I’ll be termed as a weirdo and so on. But strangely, when it came to Nicole articulating it, I experienced none of that.

“I could see your reflection you know… the way you were staring at me while I squatted and went about my business” she said, and that’s when it hit me. Last night, every time Nicole peed in the corner, and I looked, she clearly could see my reflection on the glass facade beside her. All I could do at that moment was grin sheepishly. “I need you to talk to me love, and be honest about it, I promise, I won’t judge” she added, and stood beside me.

My mouth felt a little dry, and I had to take a few gulps of water before I got to the task of opening up. “You got me there babe” I tell her. “Look, I don’t know why, but it just does. I just get insanely turned on when a woman needs to go, and goes…” I said, unable to bring myself to say anything else.

“So, you basically like watching me pee… or is there something more?” She asked. Her tone was very neutral. She had this comforting vibe around her, and it made it easy to open up. “Ah fuck it, I am just going to spill the beans…” I tell. Leaning against the counter in our kitchen I look straight into her eyes… “I love watching a woman pee and poop. With clothes, or without. An ideal situation would be anywhere but the bathroom. It turns me on immensely. I can’t help it. I’ve tried to stop myself from thinking about it, but I can’t. And keeping this secret from you… it had been killing me from within. I am not sure how you feel about it, if you’d like to try it… or on the other hand, you’re disgusted by it… I am okay with that”.

@@You see, by nature, I am extremely reserved. It took me a significant amount of time to open myself up to Nicole. I was never the kind who would talk about how I feel, the emotional pain I go through, in general, it was drilled into my psyche to suck it up, don’t say a no, even if I desperately needed to, put up with people, no matter how unreasonable they behave. Without dwelling too much into my past, let me try explaining myself. I grew up in a middle class household, under a highly controlling father, and a very submissive mother. Constant comparison, being looked down upon, unrealistic expectations, were a few things that were normalised during my childhood. So when I started dating Nicole, it was her who made me realise this. Despite my boss being a complete asshole, I put up with it. Despite me hating to be at a party, I’d go. Because I didn’t want to upset my friends. Despite me hating the idea of eating veg, I’d accompany Nicole to these restaurants. Nicole noticed all of this, and gently pointed them out to me. It was then I consciously started working my way around these messed up patterns.

Now, at this point, there was no horniness. No lewd thoughts. Just a deep sense of comfort washing down my chest. The relief felt immensely divine. Like always, Nicole heard me out patiently. She just knew how difficult it was for me to speak about these things. And right there, I was rewarded with a warm hug. We stood there, sharing this lovely moment of intimacy. I felt so grateful to have her in my life. At that moment, even if she hated the idea of my fetish, it didn’t matter. Because, deep down I know that life is larger than my fetish. And more importantly, Nicole definitely is.

(Guys, it would be great if you all could add in your comments about this story. It would really motivate me in developing this further. This is my first attempt in consistently writing on a subject. By profession, I am a copywriter. I am sick of writing marketing copy and selling stuff. I love the fact that I started this. It gives me so much freedom to express myself. So, a genuine request, do let me know your thoughts!)

To be continued…

*009*2023-12-22 06:44

Damn, that’s a pretty hot fantasy. Has great potential for a story and a role play 😉

*013*2023-12-26 07:42

With the brief moment of intimacy passing, I could feel Nicole squirming against me. What happened next opened a whole new chapter in our lives. “Look, I am not sure how to put this across to you. It’s very new to me. But, right now… I really really got to pee!”

Even before I could respond, she hastily continued to say “I hope you like it. Because I don’t seem to have much of a choice at the moment”. Those words, holy shit, those freaking words! For years I had heard them only in porn videos. But experiencing this in real, in all flesh and blood, damn! The only time I came close to having this kind of a boner was probably the first time I saw a woman naked.

“It feels… so… warm…” said Nicole, not in a sexual way, but more like, she was experiencing something new. “It’s like I shouldn’t be doing this…” she added. I took a step back, and the distance gave me a view of what was happening. Nicole’s light blue jeans looked absolutely stunning. No, it wasn’t a slow spread of wetness. My wife was shooting streaks. Like legit powerful streaks of pee. Every second, I noticed a long line blast down her denim like a bolt of lighting. I think it was her bladder trying its best to control the situation. Years of training fighting with the free flow. After 5 seconds of urine bursts, the steady flow took over. Hissing its way out of her tight pantie, warming every thread that resisted the inevitable.

“Holy shit! I can’t believe I am peeing myself! Fuck! The relief feels so good!” Said Nicole, almost talking to herself. Guys, let me tell you, Nicole had to pee, like a lot. I witnessed my wife emptying her entire bladder for a good 30 seconds. Apart from the area where her belt was strapped, her lower bits were soaked with urine. Not to forget, the puddle surrounding her feet.

Without any exchange of words, my hand moved between her legs, feeling her soaked crotch, pressing her pussy through the wet fabric, as she moaned without any restraint or hesitation. Just like me, Nicole too found herself under the spell of lust. She held me close, grinded against my hard on, while her hands slipped inside my shorts, almost pinching my butt.

I had to see more. I got her belt off, almost broke her zipper, and pushed the tight jeans down to her knees. Boy o boy, her black pantie, shimmering with pee, made me go even crazy. Right there, on her puddle, both of us continued to make love.

Naked from below, I pressed my cock against her womanhood. Wet from arousal, and smelling of pee, she bit my neck, as her fingers buried deeply into my back. With all the strength training that I was actively perusing, I was able to pick her up, and put her on the kitchen counter effortlessly. I entered her, and god, my dick felt so warm. It moved in and out of her smoothly. My dick, no it’s not as long as the ones you see in the porn videos. Neither is it small. Somewhere in the middle, good girth, and a satisfying length.

Let me be honest here, on a normal day, I could go for a good amount of time. Like, when I enter my wife, I can fuck her well for about 4 minutes. But at this moment, I couldn’t last for long. Less than a minute, I found myself pulling out, and shooting my load across her stomach.

She didn’t mind, it wasn’t the first time I did that. It took us a few seconds to recover. When we did, both of us had this sheepish look on our faces. Finally! My secret was out! Nicole and I indulged. “A shower?” She checked, grinning wide. This only meant that my wife liked it too. I kissed her again, and nodded.

To be continued…

Hey all, thank you for letting me know your thoughts in the comments. I am really starting to enjoy this. To let you in on a secret, parts of this story is inspired from my real life. More chapters to come! Stay tuned :)

*015*2023-12-28 18:46

Getting naked didn’t take either of us much time. Given that we both already were from below. “I’ve never seen you this aroused…” said Nicole, wrapped closely in my grip. We still hadn’t turned the shower on, the smell of her pee lingered strongly. “You have no idea how long I’d been waiting for something like this to happen between us. If only I knew that things would turn out to be so easy, I would have probably spoken to you about this a long time ago babe” I confided in her.

“Did you like it though?” I asked. Our skin brushed against each other, creating this deep feeling of intimacy. Nicole’s hair had now gotten a bit messy, but good lord, she looked stunning. “I kind of did” she said, blushing heavily. “Kitchen floor is definitely not a place I can think of peeing… but forcing myself to do that, I felt… how to put it… like a naughty girl?”

That was all I needed to hear. “Tell you what, you go ahead and shower. I’ll clean up out there, and join you”. She nodded, and I walked out. Seeing the puddle, and her soiled clothes made me grin. The clean up felt a bit weird. A major part of me remained excited, but there was this small part of me that cringed at the cleaning up.

I walked back to the bathroom, only to see Nicole drying herself up. Her skin glowed, her hair still damp, and her pussy appeared so fuckable. “If I didn’t hear you wrong, you said you like watching a woman wet herself, and shit as well, right?”.

I found myself starting to feel anxious again. Pee was the easier part to explain, but poop, I wasn’t sure myself. Watching women do that in porn films was erotic. But in real, I was not sure. I told her the same, with all honesty.

“Look, I am not sure if I’ll be able to shit myself for you. It’s just too dirty… and the clean up is not something I am looking forward to” said Nicole. “But let’s see. We’ll take things a little slow… okay?” She asked. Immediately I hugged her “Babe, you don’t have to do anything that makes you uncomfortable. There’s no rush or compulsion, okay”.

I am not the kind of a guy who forces anyone into something. So, I left that topic right there. After that conversation, I proceeded to shower alone, and then continued to finish the meal at hand. I told Nicole to relax, while I took care of our dinner. I like spoiling my wife, it brings me a deep sense of joy. The weather was starting to get cold. So we decided to hang out indoors. It was still 07:00PM, a little too early for dinner. The two of us decided to pop open a bottle of wine, and watch a show on Netflix.

Nicole and I cuddled under a soft blanket, sipped our wine, and played a random episode of BoJack Horseman. A show we mutually liked. At some point in the middle of an episode, Nicole says “Usually, I just let it out. Not bothering too much about it. But I am not sure why, I feel like asking you this… would it turn you on if I were to tell you that I might have to fart?”.

We’ve been married for a good amount of time, farting around each other was not a big deal. It’s one of those moments that’s neither frowned upon nor given much of a thought. Though I had a fetish, this didn’t bother me much. Now that Nicole put it across this way, I found myself getting horny. “I think it would hun” I said, giggling a bit.

“Alright” she said, and continued watching the show. My wife is an absolute tease. There was this one time I told her about my kink that involved upskirts. Randomly, she’d choose a chore where she would be needed to climb up, or bend down. Giving me a lovely view of her butt, sometimes with pantie on, and other times without. She wouldn’t even make it obvious. Very nonchalant her actions would be. Like right now, all she said was a mere alright! Leaving me waiting, anticipating, and looking forward to the act.

Despite the fact that BoJack Horseman is a deep philosophical show, there are bits that are funny. One of those moments made both of us chuckle. But to Nicole, along with the soft giggle, a soft burst of air left her butt. Making her turn towards me and grin. Her hand reached my crotch under the blanket, and instantly she said “Holy shit, you weren’t kidding. Rock hard again huh” she said, showing clear signs of arousal.

“What can I say babe, body doesn’t lie” was all I could muster up at that moment. Her hands continued to feel my hard on, and the show running on the TV turned into white noise. “Nicole, you sure about this? You’re not doing this just because it makes me happy right?” I ask. Nicole looks at me and says one of the most beautiful things in the world “I don’t mind it one bit hun. Making you happy makes me happy. I know your requests are a bit out of the box, but who gives a fuck. If watching me pee myself or…” she grinned. To which, I add on “Or…?” Nicole eases out another fart, which was a lot louder than before “You know what I am talking about…” she whispered.

I felt like I was the most luckiest man in the entire fucking planet. How the fuck on earth did I land such an awesome human being as my wife. The woman I’d spend the rest of my life with. The woman with whom I’d raise my children. The woman who’d stand by me, no matter what the circumstances bring forth. The woman who’d be okay to piss and shit herself because it makes me happy. Fuck, gratitude was the word.

“Nicole, from this point there’s no looking back. We go ahead and try it, if you like it we continue. If you don’t, we let it go, and never revisit it. Okay?” I say. “Yes, but I might need a refill before we carry on” she said, poured herself a second glass of wine, and downed it in one go. “That will do” she said, and got to her feet.

Loose, thin, grey shorts that barely covered her plump butt, and my white T-shirt was what Nicole was wearing. She was now facing me, and I could clearly notice her tight crotch, and the outline of her cameltoe. “How desperate are you?” I ask. The inhibitions were beginning to fade away. Both of us were now ready to experiment and see how things go. “Quite a bit. Not like right now right now, but a few nudges will get the ball rolling” she said. Her expression had a mix of everything. Uncertainity, a bit of hesitation, excitement and eagerness.

“How do you want me to do it? Standing up? It would be so weird. Gosh! I don’t remember when was the last time I shit myself. Clearly it wasn’t intentional” she said. “Hun, you don’t have to do it if it’s making you uncomfortable,” I responded. “No, I want to do it. That boat sailed a long time ago” she giggled.

I sat up straight now. Making sure my complete attention was on her. “How about you squat over the floor? Wouldn’t that make things easier?” I suggest. Nicole appeared to be lost in her thoughts for a few seconds, and finally said “Okay. Let’s do this”.

Nicole took a step back from me, she blushed heavily, and slowly lowered herself to a squat. I just couldn’t contain my excitement. I slipped my shorts off, leaving my raging hard on exposed. Nicole noticed this, and continued to blush. “This kind of feels very unnatural” she said, and looked between her legs. “I think I might have to pee first” she added, continuing to look between her legs. “Oh boy, it’s coming out” she said, and I could see her crotch start to darken. A noisy hiss was heard, soaking her grey shorts, and forming a puddle over our wooden flooring.

“I have to admit, this feels really good” said Nicole, looking up now. I was slowly stroking my hard on, as I watched my wife wet herself thoroughly. “I am glad you are enjoying yourself” she grinned, and a wet fart was heard. I clearly could see her expression change. She focused her attention at a random spot on the couch, beside me. She appeared to be concentrating. And it was then, I heard her soft grunt.

Not a word was spoken, my eyes were glued between her legs. “It feels so mushy” uttered Nicole. “Did it come out?” I ask. As I couldn’t see much from the front. “It’s in the process” she responds, and grunts again. I get to my feet and walk behind her “Babe, I can see it” I tell her, encapsulated by the sight of her small bulge. The smell of raw poop began to surface. I’ll be honest, at first, it was repelling. But it didn’t take me long to move past that phase. I couldn’t help but kneel down, right behind her.

To be continued…

Hey everyone, my initial plan was to keep this story series short. As in, talk about how things developed until the fetish was revealed. If I stick to my plan, the next chapter would be the last. However, I noticed a lot of you enjoying this. And definitely, the story has potential to be explored further. Do let me know your thoughts. Should I continue the series, have Nicole and the husband travel, have outdoor experiences, and so on… Or end it with the next chapter. Thanks!

*019*2024-01-11 14:24

Sure thing! I am glad people are liking it. More chapters on the way.

*021*2024-02-05 13:08

It was lowkey weird for both of us. Living room was meant to be a spot where we’d watch movies, host people, chill and have sex, at times when both of us were in the mood. But that night, things were so different. My wife pushing poop in her pantie, and me squatting behind, and encouraging her to go on, that definitely stole the award for “Doing the weirdest things in your living room!”

Nicole had this odd mixture of emotions on her face. One that was evident was the fact that she wasn’t her comfort zone. Which only got more and more evident as she exhaled one final push, a clear indication of her final act. My hand gravitated towards the bulge, feeling the outer fabric. It was warm, for starters. Poop in a toilet smells so different, compared to the times when one has done in their panties.

Look, I can sugar coat this whole thing, and say, oh boy, she absolutely loved pooping herself for the first time, she was so turned on that she could barely contain her excitement, I fingered her right there, and we had one of the most brilliant messy sex. But no. Sorry to burst your bubble. That’s not how things panned out.

Nicole got to her feet, and looked kind of disgusted. Probably the thought of going ahead with it, and actually doing it did not align as she had expected. “I feel extremely dirty” she said. “I am not sure why, but I didn’t like it entirely. Probably I’ll need to get used to it…” she said, and turned around.

This is something I love about Nicole. She never fails to speak her heart out. She’s always that way. “Look, I already told you… you really don’t have to do it again. You know me, right? I hate forcing you to do…” before I could finish my sentence, a finger was pressed against my lips. “Zip it, mister. I pooped myself, already. Which means, the initial feelings of disgust, and intrigue have passed. So the next time it happens, I’ll know what to expect. But don’t go around expecting me to dirty my good panties, and shorts. I hate the fact that I am wearing one of my good ones now. And they are ruined. But tell you what… while doing the deed, I thought of a few things… give me to clean up, and I’ll talk to you about it” she said, seeming way calmer than I had expected her to be.

“I’ll be back after cleaning up. This time, I want to be alone… don’t beat your meat while I am away” she said, and walked towards the bathroom. I watched my wife go, walking like a duck, which was both funny and sexy. I sat back on the couch, unable to wrap my head around what had just happened. From what Nicole had just said, I knew for a fact that this wasn’t the first and the last. I knew for a fact that Nicole would somehow surprise me soon. And I knew for a fact that I had the best fucking wife in the world!

(Sorry for the delay. Life got a bit busy. But I am back, writing more chapters! Thank you all for the feedback!)

To be continued…

*023*2024-02-07 11:17

It took Nicole almost an hour to return. There were moments when I wanted to go check in on her. But despite her pooping herself, she was a grown woman. Probably needing some privacy.

I needed to get my mind off things, so I walked myself out to the backyard, smoked, and it was then, I received a call from my old buddy. The conversation revolved around him telling me about the second hand RV that he’d bought.

To give you a context, he and I always wanted to own an RV. It was more like a joint venture thing. The idea of travelling together, or individually as a family appealed to us on a deep level. A childhood dream you could say.

During our short call, we spoke about all the cool things that were installed, and went into the details of the restoration. So practically, the RV was the best of both worlds. It looked vintage, but had modern features like Bluetooth connectivity, infotainment system, gps, and so on.

A long weekend was around the horizon, and with his wife being heavily pregnant, travelling was out of the equation. In short, I could have the RV for a few weeks, and make the best use of it. I told my good friend that I’d pick the RV up soon, and keep him posted.

“You’re busy?” Called out Nicole, standing by the back door. Looking fresh as a daisy, wearing her usual night shorts and a loose T-shirt, there she was, smelling wonderful, and with no visible wet patches or bulge.

The excitement of half owning an RV was clearly evident on my face. My impulsiveness getting the best of me, I poured out the news to Nicole, acting like a little kid who got his dream bicycle on his birthday. Nicole listened quietly, responding with smiles and acknowledging nods. “I am sorry babe, I diverted. We definitely had more important things to discuss. I am so sorry” I stated realising how stupid it was of me to bombard her with the news of the RV.

Nicole asked me to stop apologising, and said it was not a big deal. “I have a few things to talk about, but first, let’s finish dinner okay?” She said, taking the lead. It had been long since the two of us ate in silence. We were very aware of the topic that we had in hand, and filler conversations didn’t do much in keeping the flow alive.

Fast forward to us in bed, Nicole turned towards me, and smiled “Don’t look so worried love, relax” she said, gently running her finger on my face. “I might want to try doing that again…” said Nicole, in a soft tone. My heart was racing with excitement, as a mixture of emotions surged through me. “Initially, I felt this disgust. Probably it was the smell, and the newness of the whole thing… but if I were to be honest, a small part of me found it to be naughty” she said, blushing and looking away.

“Nicole, you have absolutely no idea how happy and relieved I feel right now” I blurted out. “I was so worried that I made you do stuff that you didn’t like. A part of me had already made peace that this will never happen” I said, almost tearing up.

“And that’s the reason I love you” she responded. “You are so damn considerate love… you care about my feelings so deeply. I just feel so safe around you. I feel blessed to have such a beautiful human being in my life. And if that human being likes watching me poop or pee myself, so be it” she said, teasing me with a cute grin.

Well folks, that’s how things unfolded that night. We made love, clean sex, if I have to be precise, and called it a night.

I know it’s a slow burn, but I won’t disappoint. You’ve come so far, and from this point, things are going to get really interesting. The next few chapters are all about how Nicole and I indulge in our new found interest. A road trip filled with kinks, that’s what you can expect. Stay tuned :)

