On The Bed

Author: Robbie P

*000*2026-02-22 13:51

Mia had always prided herself on being put-together—a 28-year-old marketing exec with a sleek apartment, a gym routine that turned heads, and a social media feed full of curated confidence. But mornings like this shattered that illusion. She'd crashed hard the night before, too many glasses of wine at happy hour with coworkers blurring into a foggy sleep. No bathroom break before bed; she'd just stripped down to her gray cotton boyshorts and face-planted onto the satin sheets.

The alarm blared at 7 a.m., but it was the clammy chill between her thighs that yanked her awake. Heart sinking, Mia sat up, the room spinning slightly from the hangover. Her hand instinctively reached down, fingers brushing the soaked fabric clinging to her skin. The dark, uneven stain spread across the crotch of her panties like an accusation, the faint ammonia scent hitting her nostrils. "Fuck," she muttered, yanking the waistband forward to confirm the disaster—warm urine still pooling slightly, her pubic hair matted and sticky.

Panic surged as she peeled back the pale sheet, revealing a massive wet patch blooming across the mattress, seeping into the edges like a map of her failure. This wasn't some childhood accident; she was a grown-ass woman, for Christ's sake. How many times had this happened lately? Three in the past month? The doctor had mumbled something about stress incontinence, but Mia had brushed it off, too mortified to follow up. Now, here she was, scrambling to strip the bed, the sheets heavy and sodden in her arms, dripping onto the floor as she hauled them to the laundry room.

But the real gut-punch came when her roommate, Sarah, knocked on the door mid-strip. "Hey, you up? I need to grab my charger—oh God, what is that smell?" Sarah froze in the doorway, eyes widening at the scene: Mia half-naked, panties sagging with the evidence, the mattress exposed like a crime scene. Mia's face burned crimson, words failing her as she tried to cover up with a pillow. "I... uh... spilled water," she stammered, but Sarah's pitying smirk said she wasn't buying it.

"Again? Mia, seriously? You're like a toddler." Sarah laughed, not unkindly, but the words stung like salt in a wound. She snapped a quick photo on her phone—"For blackmail, obviously"—before tossing the charger and backing out, leaving Mia alone with the humiliation churning in her gut. Tears pricked her eyes as she scrubbed the stain with shaking hands, the fabric softener from last time doing nothing to mask the lingering shame. Work started in an hour; how was she supposed to face the day smelling like defeat? From then on, every nightcap came with a timer for a pre-bed piss, but the memory lingered, a humiliating reminder that control was just an illusion

&&
