Rexone Story Commissions - Page 3

Author: Rexone_312

*067*2023-07-23 08:07

Hi All Omo lovers! Here's one more story. This time its my interpretation of the gamer girl Miko from Glitch Tech. If you love extended desperation then you're going to love it!

&&

Miko’s Maddening Pressure

I. And so it begins Miko Kubota, the vibrant 19-year-old gaming sensation, was all set. She sat before her high-tech gaming setup, the glow of the monitors reflecting in her eager eyes. Her purple hair streaked with pink highlights shined under the studio lights. Today was not just another day of gaming; it was the day of the epic speed run stream of the classic game, Legend of Yelda.

“Hey, everyone! Ready for a legendary gaming marathon?” Miko’s voice echoed through the live stream, her excitement palpable. The chat box on the side of the screen exploded with messages from her fans, their enthusiasm matching hers.

The stream was sponsored by P fuel, a popular energy drink company known for its neon-coloured cans and superb hydration. Miko held up a can of P fuel to the camera, the logo gleaming. “Guys today my stream is supported by P Fuel. They will give me the energy to carry on and fight against all the odds on the game. For every boss I take up a fight with, I’ll be chugging one of these bad boys to quench my thirst for power,” she announced, her grin widening at the chorus of virtual cheers. 

The event was a special one and P fuel even got her a custom bodysuit as a goodwill gesture for her. Am eye-wateringly tight latex bodysuit, the colour of moon white with subtle branding of the company. The material was thick and constricting to the point where she couldn’t even breathe normally. Getting into the suit through the only neck entry was no less than a tough gaming challenge. “I am so happy that they removed the crotch zipper. It would really help me to push myself beyond my limits!” She happily muttered to herself.

By the time she broke the suit she was panting and sweating profusely. Though it did not deter her. Instead she grinned mischievously. “And here’s the kicker, folks,” she said, leaning closer to the camera. “I can’t leave the camera for any reason. I mean for NO-REASON and if you throw any challenge at me, I have to complete it – NO MATTER WHAT!” She winked at the camera, her laughter ringing out as the chat box filled with laughing emojis and comments. It was a simple challenge, yet daunting. Miko was known for her gaming prowess, but this was a test of endurance, both for her gaming skills and her patience. But deep down she knew more than anything it was going to be a test of her bladder. But if anyone could do it, it was Miko Kubota. She was not just a gamer; she was a performer, ready to put on a show that her viewers would never forget.

“So, buckle up, everyone,” Miko said, cracking her knuckles and settling into her gaming chair. She put on her shining HUD goggles in swag. “It’s going to be a wild ride!”

II. Early Game The room was filled with the electric hum of anticipation as Miko, her face illuminated by the glow of the screen, flashed a confident smile at her audience. “Alright, folks,” she said, her voice bubbling with excitement, “Let’s dive into the world of Hyrule!”

With that, she plunged into the game, her fingers dancing over the controls with the grace of a seasoned ballerina. Miko was such an expert in the game that she constantly maintained a chatter with the audience. She answered questions from the chat box without stopping the gameplay. She was nimble enough to toggle and show her skills and inventory even when the enemies charged towards her. Hardly an hour into the game, Miko felt the first pangs from her bladder. Her goggles with built in display, much like Iron Man’s helmet, showed a bladder meter, visible only to her. It was 15% full. “Should have peed before putting this thing on,” Miko thought to herself. Her morning pee was at least 3 hours ago.

She quickly brushed that thought off when the first boss, a menacing creature with fiery eyes, loomed on the screen. Miko was unfazed. "Alright, guys, first boss incoming!" she announced, her voice filled with excitement. She maneuvered her character with practiced ease, dodging attacks, and landing blows. With a triumphant cheer, she landed the final hit, and the boss disintegrated into pixels in no time, and Miko let out a triumphant cheer.

"Boom! That's how it's done!" she exclaimed and cheerfully reached out. “It’s now time for a refreshing P Fuel!”. The crate was kept on the floor making her bend to fetch it. The tight latex fabric squeezed her abdomen, “This is getting bad” she whispered to herself before getting back up. She popped the can open, the sound echoing in the room. “Cheers to the first victory!” she said, raising the can to the camera before taking a hearty gulp. Her laughter filled the room, a contagious sound that had her viewers typing ‘LOL’ in the live chat picking up a can of P fuel. She popped it open, the sound echoing through her microphone.

As she set the can down, she felt the bubbling liquid flowing to her bladder. She shifted slightly in her chair and glanced at the Bladder Meter – It was now at 21%. “Can’t let them know”, she told herself. “So, who's ready for level two?" she asked, her voice as cheerful as ever. The chat was filled with cheers and encouragement. Miko laughed at their comments and cracked her knuckles, hinting her readiness for the next one. But as she jumped into the 2nd level, she couldn't help but cross her legs, a subtle sign of the discomfort she was starting to feel.

"Did anyone else find that cut-scene a little... intense?" she joked, her laughter a little strained. The viewers laughed along, oblivious to Miko's growing desperation. The effects of the P fuel was starting to make its presence known. But Miko was nothing if not a professional. She kept her discomfort hidden, her focus on the game and her audience. As she progressed through the game, she continued to drink P fuel after each victory. Her energy was infectious, her humour a beacon that kept her audience engaged and entertained. “Another one bites the dust!” she’d declare after each boss, raising another can of P fuel to the camera. Her viewers would respond with a flurry of comments, their enthusiasm matching hers.

III. Mid-Game Several hours into the stream, Miko bodysuit was squelching with sweat. The cans of P fuel were cluttered her usually clean desk, each one representing a boss defeated and a level conquered. “That’s 5 empty cans – easily over 2 liters! No wonder I am at 60%”. Her legs were now crossed perpetually. She was deep into the game now with levels more complex than the previous one. She was navigating through one of the most intricate landscapes in the game. Her fingers, usually so nimble and sure, were starting to falter. Her focus was split, her mind constantly drawn away from the game to the insistent pressure in her bladder. Every movement produced the sounds of splashing water. Miko bit her lips as her bladder reacted to each and every sound. She rocked back and forth to ignore the growing discomfort.

“Miko, are you doing the pee-pee dance?” one viewer commented, noticing her squirming.

Miko laughed, her eyes still glued to the screen. “Nah, just getting into the groove. Who knew gaming could be such a workout?” she quipped, her voice a little higher than usual. She lied through her teeth. The layer of sweat compounded the effects of the full bladder. “Oops, looks like I missed the turn” echoed Miko. “I need to concentrate better.”

The white bodysuit, usually a second skin, felt uncomfortably tight, the latex material pressing against her full bladder. She shifted in her chair, trying to alleviate the pressure, but it only seemed to intensify. She crossed her legs, then uncrossed them, then crossed them again. She even tried sitting on her heels. Nothing seemed to help. Her eyes flicked to the door of the room, the bathroom just a few steps away. She could imagine the relief, the sweet release. But she quickly pushed the thought away and quickly checked the bladder meter.

“Something’s strange – I am only at 70% and still I feel as if my bladder cannot bear much longer!” In the heat of the moment and all the commotion, she didn’t even realize that the hair in front of her eyes obstructed the view. She had crossed 85% mark already! She vigorously shook her head and resumed the game, her discomfort a constant companion. Her gameplay was suffering, her movements less precise, her reactions slower. She missed an easy attack, her character taking a hit. “Oops,” she said, forcing a laugh. But her laughter was strained, her eyes watering not from laughter, but from the sheer effort of holding in.

“Miko you seem distracted, you OK?” another viewer asked, noticing her discomfort.

“Never better!” Miko replied, her voice strained. She forced a laugh, trying to keep the atmosphere light. “Just... really excited about this next boss.” As she plunged back into the game, her mind was elsewhere. She could feel the pressure building, like a balloon being filled with water. It was becoming harder to ignore, harder to hide. “Why is there so much water around!” She cribbed in her mind looking at the lush, water-filled environment. Every splash of water, every flowing river in the game seemed to echo in her ears.

In her agitated state, her usually agile fingers slipped, sending the controller clattering to the floor. With that her character dove into a lake and drowned. The sound echoed in the room, a stark reminder of her predicament. "Oh fuck!" she exclaimed, her voice high and strained. She bent to pick it up, her movements jerky and rushed. The simple act of bending over sent a crashing wave of pressure through her bladder, making her gasp. She clenched her teeth, her eyes squeezing shut as she fought to maintain control. She didn’t even notice that her character drowned in the game, as her had her back towards the monitor. Her face was etched with strain. “Why won’t it stop throbbing!”, she fanned her legs and took deep breaths. The chat box was filled with more comments by the minute.

“I have never seen Miko die during a gameplay before!” came the first comment. Seconds later it was flooded with concern and tease from her viewers.

Miko was oblivious to all the commotion behind. All that mattered to get was keeping the flood contained inside her. “I can H-hold it. Just a few more levels," she whispered to herself. Her voice was shaky, her usual confidence replaced with desperation. She was teetering on the boundary of desperation. The pressure in her bladder had escalated from a dull ache to an all-consuming need in a span of a few hours. It screamed for relief, each wave of urgency more powerful than the last. She was squirming in her chair, her legs crossed so tightly that her knees were white. Her foot was bouncing rapidly, a physical manifestation of her internal distress.

When she straightened up, with the controller back in hand, she was met with the dreaded 'Game Over' screen. Her character had met an untimely end while she was distracted. "You've got to be kidding me," she muttered, her eyes wide with disbelief. She could feel a bead of sweat trickling down her forehead, her heart pounding in her chest. Frantic desperation was clawing at her now, her need to pee overshadowing everything else. She wanted nothing more than to end the game, to rush to the bathroom and relieve the unbearable pressure. 

But when she tried to continue the game, she was hit with a sinking realization - she had to start over. "No way," she whispered, staring at the screen in horror. The thought of repeating the entire game while her bladder was on the verge of bursting was almost too much to bear. But she had no choice. She took a deep, shaky breath, her fingers tightening around the controller. Her other hand was pressed against her stomach, as if trying to physically hold in the urgent need.

One of her viewers had asked, “Miko, are you okay? Looks like you need to use the bathroom...”

She froze for a moment, her heart pounding in her chest. She was trying so hard to hide her discomfort, to keep her desperation under wraps. But it seemed like her efforts were in vain. She quickly composed herself, forcing a laugh. “Me? Need to use the bathroom?!” she said, her voice a little too high. “Never! I’m just... really determined to slay the game, you know?” She gave a shaky laugh, hoping that her viewers would buy her excuse. She quickly turned her attention back to the game, her fingers squeezing the controls for dear life. But the comment had shaken her, made her realize just how desperate she was. It was as if she was in a real-life game where she kept losing control just like her in-game strength. Despite her best efforts to play it cool, Miko’s body was betraying her. Her discomfort was evident in the way she squirmed in her chair, her legs crossed so tightly it was a wonder she could still feel them. Her laughter was strained, her voice a little too high.

“Hold it... Hold it... Hold it...” she muttered to herself, her mantra of desperation. She was so focused on her need to pee that she barely noticed the comments flooding in from her viewers. The audience was cheering her on, their comments a mix of encouragement and playful teasing. “You can do it, Miko!” one viewer wrote. “Just a few more levels!” another added. Some were even testing her limits, their comments a challenge. “Bet you can’t finish the game without a bathroom break,” one viewer teased. Miko could only grit her teeth and keep playing, her desperation growing with each passing minute. She was on the edge, her bladder nagging for relief. But she wouldn’t give in. She had a game to finish, and she was going to do it, no matter what.

IV. Late Game The clock on the wall seemed to be moving at a snail’s pace. “Something’s w-wrong! I should not be needing to pee like this! I am still only at 70%” Miko, in her sleek white bodysuit, was now twelve hours into the live stream. “Is there only water in the game? I am hating this right now!” Miko’s patience was running thin. “We’re only halfway through, and I’ve got to say, this P fuel is really...fuelling me.” She laughed, but her eyes darted to the door of the room, just outside which lied her salvation. Her banter continued. “You know,” she said, trying to keep her voice light, “I never realized how much water there is in Legend of Yelda. It’s like, every level has a river or a lake or something. It’s like they’re trying to torture me.”

The chat box suddenly filled up with comments about Miko perhaps needing to pee. “Guys she has downed 11 cans of P fuel!” one viewer commented on the cans of P fuel were piling up on her desk, each one a testament to her gaming prowess and her growing desperation. “We all know where all that liquid is going. She will wet herself at this rate!” Came another comment.

Her usual composure was long gone, replaced by a desperation so intense it was all she could think about. She was no longer trying to hide her discomfort, her body language betraying her urgent need to pee. She was bouncing in her chair, her hands clenched tightly around the controller. Her laughter was strained, her voice a little too high. Her eyes kept darting to the door, the bathroom just a few steps away. The thought of relief was tantalizing, but she pushed it away, forcing herself to focus on the game.

To distract herself, Miko started telling funny stories about her past gaming exploits. She exaggerated her game commentary, making dramatic gasps and yells as she navigated through the game. She even did a little dance in her chair, her movements becoming more erratic with each passing minute. The tension was palpable. Miko’s face was red and shining with sweat. “I’m literally on the edge of my seat here, guys,” she said, her voice shaking with laughter and desperation. “This is the toughest game of Yelda I’ve ever played.” But despite her discomfort, Miko kept her humour. She made jokes about the situation, her laughter echoing through the room. “If I don’t make it,” she said, her voice dramatic, “tell my mom I died doing what I love: playing video games and drinking way too much P fuel.”

The chat was filled with comments from her viewers, their good-natured challenges adding to her dilemma. "Bet you can't finish the game without a bathroom break," one viewer teased. "How long can she hold it in – FOREVER?" another added. Miko could only grit her teeth and keep playing, her desperation growing with each passing minute. A user commented, "Can you finish the rest of the game without crossing your legs or bouncing on your chair please?"

Miko's eyes widened as she read the comment. "Finish the game without crossing my legs or bouncing on my chair?" she repeated, her voice shaky. The thought was almost unbearable. Those small movements were the only things keeping her from complete disaster.

“C-Can we please limit this to a few minutes!” Miko pleaded. “My bladder’s not very cooperative right now! Not that I want to pee though!”

“No. If you cross your legs or bounce, you must drink a can of P fuel!”, came a curt response. Miko's heart pounded in her chest as she read the response. The words echoed in her mind. She swallowed hard, her throat dry. "C'mon! Please," she pleaded, making her best puppy eyes at the camera. But she knew it was futile. The challenge had been set, and she had no choice but to accept.

Miko uncrossed her legs, her feet flat on the floor. The change in position sent a wave of pressure through her bladder, so forceful that it took her breath away. She gasped, her hands gripping the controller so tightly that her knuckles turned white. "Alright," she managed to say, her voice shaky. "Ch-Challenge accepted." Her words were punctuated by a stammer, a clear indication of the pressure she was under. A strong wave of urgency hit her then, freezing her in place. It was as if her bladder was rebelling, crying for relief. She clenched her teeth, her body rigid. She felt like she was on the edge of a precipice, one wrong move and it would be the end. But she couldn't stay still either as relentless waves of pee kept crashing against her pee hole.

She forced herself to start playing, her fingers trembling as they navigated the controller. Her movements were jerky, her focus split between the game and the growing pressure in her bladder. She was hanging by a thread, her desperation at an all-time high. She was missing the clues and basic tasks. Miko's concentration was faltering, her usually sharp gaming skills dulled by the overwhelming need to pee. She was missing clues, forgetting basic tasks, her gameplay a stark contrast to her usual prowess. She was renowned for her attention to detail, her ability to navigate complex levels with ease. But now, all she could think about was the growing pressure in her bladder.

Suddenly, a monster appeared on the screen, its sudden appearance making her jump. Her bladder reacted instantly, a sharp pang of urgency making her gasp. Without thinking, her hands flew to her crotch, her legs crossing tightly. She squeezed her eyes shut, her body rigid as she fought to maintain control. "No, no, no," she muttered to herself, her voice barely a whisper. She was on the threshold of her limits, and it also meant she lost the challenge. She looked at the monitor from the corner of her eyes.

The most dreaded comment had come. "Time for a P Fuel can Miko!". Miko's heart sank as she read it. She glanced at the cans of P Fuel lined up on her desk, her stomach twisting. The thought of drinking another can, of adding to the pressure in her bladder, was almost agonizing. "I am gonna burst today!” she whispered to herself knowing fully well she had no choice. She reached for a can, her hand trembling. She popped the tab, the sound echoing in the room. She took a deep breath, bracing herself for what was to come.

She took a sip, the liquid adding to the pressure in her bladder. She winced, her body tensing. She set the can down, her hand shaking. "Alright," she said, her voice shaky. "Challenge... continued." She forced herself to uncross her legs, her hands returning to the controller. Her movements were shaky, her focus split between the game and the relentless pressure in her bladder. She was hanging by a thread, her desperation at an all-time high.

The next 3 hours of gameplay was a blur of lost challenges and in-game deaths. Her body was in no shape to contain more liquid but Miko fought on. She kept losing the challenge again and again, each loss adding a can of P Fuel to her overtaxed, overstretched bladder. Her viewers were quick to remind her of the consequences, their comments a mix of teasing and encouragement. "Another can of P Fuel, Miko!" they would write, their words dropping like a bomb on her bladder.

With each can she opened, the pressure in her bladder intensified. She winced with each sip, her body tensing as the liquid added to the already unbearable pressure. She set each empty can down with a shaky hand, her eyes darting to the door of the bathroom just a few steps away. “I. . .I can’t do this. . .I can’t pee NOW! The show must go-go on!” Miko face was contorted, her hair messy and the catsuit gripping her body like a vice. “Why doesn’t the suit stretch!” There was a whirlwind of questions in her mind and yet she couldn’t find an answer to one.

V. Final Boss "Do you want to give up, Miko?" A user's comment popped up on the screen, their words a mocking her situation. Miko's heart pounded in her chest as she read the comment, her desperation reflected in her wide eyes.

"NO! N-NEVER. . .I don’t need to p-pee! " Miko stammered, her voice shaky. She was trying to sound confident, but her words were punctuated by her desperate need to pee. “I will N-NOT PEE!”

A menacing figure that would have been intimidating on a normal day. But today, Miko had a more pressing concern. Her need to pee had escalated from a nagging discomfort to an agitated desperation. She squirmed in her chair, her hand pressed against her stomach as if she could physically hold back the tidal wave threatening to break free. “Alright, folks,” she said, her voice a little higher than usual. “It’s time to face the B-big bad boss. Let’s do this!”

Just then, a comment popped up from one of her viewers. "Bet you can't defeat the boss without taking a hit," they wrote. "If you do, you have to do 10 sit-ups and drink a can of P fuel." Miko stared at the comment, her heart sinking. The thought of doing sit-ups and drinking another can of P fuel was almost too much to bear. But she was a gamer, and she never backed down from a challenge. "You're on," she said, her voice filled with determination.

Every hit she avoided, every attack she landed, was a small victory. But the pressure in her bladder was growing, becoming more and more intense. Not yet. As the battle raged on, the boss became more ruthless and faster. She was so focused on not wetting herself that she barely registered what was happening on the screen. Her fingers pressed and squeezed the same buttons randomly, like a novice. Her hopes were tied to the game character hitting the boss repeatedly. “WHY DOESN’T HE DIE!” Miko squeaked. Her face blue with strain.

Miko’s attention was next to zero. Her character’s health was slashed to 50% by just one hit from the boss. Her jaws dropped on the ground. She had taken a hit. That meant 10 sit-ups and another can of P fuel. The thought was almost too much to bear. But backing down was impossible. With a deep, shaky breath, she put down the controller and got up from her chair. Her legs were shaky, her movements slow and unsteady.

"One..." Miko began, her voice barely more than a whisper. She lowered herself onto the floor, her body protesting with every movement. The first sit-up was a struggle, her muscles straining against the pressure in her bladder. She could feel the latex of her bodysuit pressing against her stomach, adding to her discomfort. She let out a shaky breath, her eyes squeezed shut.

"Two..." She pushed herself up again, her body shaking with the effort. She clenched her teeth, her hands gripping the edges of her chair for support. She could feel the sweat trickling down her forehead, her heart pounding in her chest.

"Three..." She lowered herself again, her movements slow and unsteady. Each sit-up was becoming more difficult, the pressure in her bladder growing with each movement. She could feel the strain in her muscles, the tension in her body. It was like ants biting the insides of her sphincter.

"Four... Five..." She continued, her voice growing weaker with each count. Her body was shaking, her movements becoming more frantic. She was desperate, her bladder on the brink of exploding.

"Six... Seven..." She was panting now, her face flushed with exertion. Each sit-up was a like slide down a knife, her body protesting against the strain. She could feel the weight of her bladder pull her down. Her legs started to tremble.

"Eight... Nine..." She was on the verge of tears, her bladder throbbed like a boiler about to explode. Hair clung to her face. Steam emanating from her ears. Her sci-fi goggle cum HUD visor now obscure with fog. The grotesque bulge refuse to be contained any more inside her undersized costume.

“Just one more”, Miko said to herself. She clenched her jaws so firmly that it could powder her teeth. But just then her bladder sent an ungodly wave crashing towards her pee hole. It was so strong that Miko’s ears filled up with a ringing noise and thighs gave up. “OH FUCK!” Miko screamed. The lips of her pussy trembled and pee almost erupted out of it into her tight underwear beneath.

She shrieked loudly and collapsed on the floor somehow still keeping all the cans of P fuel still corked inside her. That thud sent a quake through her body making her clench all her muscles. The veins on her head and neck could put gym goers to shame. “M-Must not pee!” Her nails dug into the latex wrapped around her crotch almost poking a hole. The wave was relentless, the force of it refusing to subside. Even after a good couple of minutes Miko was still curled on the floor putting her 100% to contain the storm inside.

“G-Guys,” Miko tried to speak, “C-Can I please skip this one – p-please?”

Just then, a comment popped up from one of her viewers. "Looks like you need to start over," they wrote, their words a challenge. "10 sit-ups from the start." Miko eyes almost popped out of the socket. “It is suicide” The thought of doing the sit-ups again was unfathomable.

"Please guys, just let's skip this one. I am begging you all!" Miko pleaded again as she got back up. Tears rolled down her cheeks. “Nope, you can’t back down!” Miko had no way out. She took a deep breath and steadied herself. Her legs were numb, and pussy felt on fire. Her back was cramped and her vacuum sealed catsuit squelched with sweat.

Miko stared at the floor, her heart pounding in her chest. The challenge was simple: ten sit-ups. But with a bladder on the brink of bursting, it felt like an impossible task. She took a deep breath, her hands clenched into fists. "Please hold it... Hold it... Hold it" she prayed to her angry bladder.

She bent her knees, her feet flat on the floor. She gritted her teeth, her eyes squeezed shut. "One," she counted, her voice barely a whisper. She had never tested her resolve like this before.

Each sit-up was a battle. Her muscles were tearing apart under pressure. But she pushed through, her determination overriding her discomfort. "Two... three... four..." she counted, her voice growing weaker with each number. Her hair was dripping with sweat.

By the time she reached five, she was panting, her face flushed with exertion. She was seeing blurry but she wouldn’t let the stupid audience win. Each movement sent a jolt of discomfort through her body as if the boss from the game was inside her bladder. But she couldn’t stop. "Six... seven... eight..." she continued, her voice a strained whisper.

The insides of her belly burnt. Her muscles yearned to give up and expel the pent up liquid. The account of control she exerted on her Sphincter muscles could crush a Walnut. Her willpower was the only thing that stood between her pride and a flood. The cock seemed to have stopped and her world had shrunk down to the little pee hole fighting the bubbling lake inside her. She pushed herself up with the last reserves of her strength, focusing on the task at hand. "Nine..." she counted, her voice filled with determination.

Finally, she stood back up the 10th time. The last sit up was over. She did it. It was a huge achievement but she couldn’t even say a word about it. Any extra word or smallest of unnecessary movement could end the run for her. Her legs wobbled like jelly. Body drenched in sweat. Muscles shredded into bits. She slowly lowered herself on to her chair and tucked her hair away. And that’s when her eyes finally fell on the Bladder Meter.

“IMPOSSIBLE!” She exclaimed but her voice was only heard by herself. The meter which seemed to be stuck at 70% was a false negative. “How can I have so much inside me.. It’s.. At 148%!” She quickly counted the deformed cans on her desk. “19 cans of P Fuel! I am holding 19 cans of P fuel.. M-must be a world record”

After coming to terms with her situation, Miko snapped herself out of her trance and turned to the monitor. “Alright.. Now that we are d-done with the challenge let’s kill the bladder, I mean b-boss!”

“Miko! Aren’t you forgetting something, you are also supposed to drink another can of P fuel!” Miko wanted to scream her lungs out. Every breath felt like a sharp stab in her bladder and yet her fans kept asking to go on. With a groan, she picked up the can of P fuel. “Can’t believe I am going to down the 20th one!” The cold metal sent shivers down her spine. Even the little beads of water on the surface reminded her of the impending disaster. She popped the can open, the sound echoing in the room like a gunshot.

She flinched slightly, the noise jarring against the tense silence. "Here goes nothing," she muttered, her voice barely a whisper. She raised the can to her lips, her hand shaking so much that the liquid inside sloshed around. She took a deep, shaky breath, her chest rising and falling rapidly. She was bracing herself for what was to come, her mind filled with images of restrooms and relief. But she pushed them aside, focusing on the task at hand. With a determination that was almost palpable, she raised the can to her lips and took a gulp.

The liquid was cold, a stark contrast to the heat radiating from her body. It trickled down her throat, each swallow a battle against her body's protests. She could feel it gushing into her bladder. A boulder like weight that only seemed to grow with each passing second. It was like a river flowing into an already overflowing dam, the pressure building with each gulp. Her bladder, had crossed its limits a long time ago.

But she didn't stop. She took another gulp, then another. Each swallow was excruciating, her body protesting with each drop of liquid. She could hear her heartbeat in her ears. It was like a ticking time bomb, the countdown getting shorter with each gulp.

"Oh god," she gasped, her voice strained. Her face was contorted, her eyes squeezed shut. She was biting her lower lip, her teeth digging into the soft flesh. Her other hand was pressed against her crotch, to block the escape of the booking pee inside her. One eternity later, she slammed the empty can on the table. She let out a shaky breath, her body sagging with relief. But the relief was short-lived. The pressure in her bladder felt like a volcano about to erupt.

“That’s tw-twenty... TWENTY cans of P Fuel! When you want energy... Go P” She winced as she uttered the company slogan! The chat box went into frenzy as she announced it. All were talking about her iron bladder until someone pointed out.

“Guys do you even know that each can contains 250ml! That’s crazy 5 litres of piss insider her. She must be hollow down there!”

“How are you still holding it Miko! Its been 16 hours since you started gaming...” Came another comment. Miko forced a smile on her face, her lips trembling and tears rolling down. “I am MIKO, I can hold my p-pee as long as I want!” She yelped in pain as her bladder sent out another spasm, to convey its anger against her.

VI. Explosion Another hour later, and health almost at 10%, Miko finally struck down the final boss. Her eyes were watering, not from the victory, but from the sheer desperation to relieve herself. “Whew! We did it, guys!” she exclaimed, her voice a little higher than usual. She was bouncing slightly in her chair, her legs crossed so tightly it was a wonder she could still feel them. “That was... intense.” She rocked back and forth in her chair. Face scrunched up. Her hands clutched her crotch like a python grips its prey.

The ordeal was fast from over yet. The cut scene was still rolling on. But it was not just any simple cut scene. On the screen, a massive, Y shaped dam was releasing a torrent of water into a drought-stricken world. Miko was hallucinating as if the shape of the dam resembled her own womanhood. “Is that my p-pussy... I wish it was my pussy there... I could gush.. More water than this fucking dam alone!” She thought to herself.

She was perched on the edge of her chair, her body rigid with tension. Her legs were crossed so tightly that her knees were white, her foot tapping rapidly on the floor. Her hands were clenched in her lap, her knuckles white. She was sweating, beads of perspiration trickling down her forehead, her heart pounding in her chest. She was desperation, personified.

Her eyes were glued to the screen, watching as the water flowed and splashed. It was a beautiful scene, a testament to the game’s designers. But for Miko, it was pure torture. Every splash, every ripple, added to her desperate need to pee. She was holding her breath, her body screaming for relief. She could feel the pressure in her bladder, a constant, insistent urge that was impossible to ignore, her control slipping with each passing second. She was desperate, her body on the verge of betraying her.

Her mind was filled with thoughts of restrooms and relief, but she pushed them aside, forcing herself to focus on the cut-scene. She was Miko Kubota, and she was not going to let a little discomfort ruin her victory. She was going to watch this cut-scene, and she was going to do it with dignity. When the cut-scene finally ended and the screen faded to black, Miko bit her lips hard and prepared herself for yet another session. The dreaded Question-Answer round with the audience. It was a standard part of her streams. But today, each second felt like an eternity, the pressure in her bladder a constant, insistent reminder of her tight spot.

The first question popped up on her screen, a viewer asking, “What would you do first as soon as the stream ends? Are you going to use the bathroom?” Miko felt a jolt of panic. Were her discomfort and desperation that funny to all. She forced a laugh, her voice a little higher than usual. “Bathroom?” she echoed, trying to sound surprised. “No way! I’ve got a ton of other stuff to do. Who has time to pee, right?” She hoped her lie was convincing, her fingers tightening around the edge of her chair. “You downed nearly 5 litres of P fuel in the last 18 hours, how can you possibly not pee right after this?” they insisted.

“Because I have an iron B-bladder. D-do I need to pee – YES. Do I want to p-pee!” Miko gulped down her throat before saying the unholy word. “NOOO!” To prove her point, she stood up and twirled in front of the camera, showing off her gargantuan bulge stretching the latex. It took her every ounce of strength to stand straight and clench her muscles, “If you didn’t see, my c-costume has no zippers down there. I got them removed because I can a-always suppress the nature’s call!”

The next question was a challenge. “Would you be able to do more such streams in the future but holding it for full 24 or may be 48 hours?” Miko’s heart pounded at the thought. She was barely managing now, how could she possibly extend it to 24 hours, let alone 48. But she couldn’t let her viewers see her hesitation. She forced a smile, her voice shaky but determined. “Sure, why not?” she said, trying to sound enthusiastic. “The next time this girl will h-hold her pee as long as you want”

The final question hit too close to home. “In a hypothetical situation, if you are told that you will only be allowed to play games but you won’t be allowed to go to the bathroom, would you accept it?” Miko’s mind was shouting “NOOO”, her body begging for relief. But she forced herself to smile, to play along with the question. “Absolutely,” she said, her voice barely above a whisper. “I can’t p-pee even if I would want t-to, remember no zipper down there. I can just go on, no bathroom breaks for Miko”. That thought alone felt like suicide but she was committed to entertain her fans.

After an eon, the Q&A session was finally over. As soon as she logged out, Miko was out of her chair. She waddled out if the room. From the corner of her eyes she saw the clock. 23 hours had passed since she last relieved herself. It seemed to make her needs even more urgent, something which she thought was impossible. She was hobbling through the corridor awkwardly, her legs pressed tightly together, her hands shoved in her crotch. Her eyes were wide, her gaze darting around as she searched for the bathroom door with a hazy vision. She could feel the pressure in her bladder, a constant, insistent urge that was impossible to ignore. She was on the edge, her control slipping with each passing second.

She finally reached the bathroom. The first cubicle is what she wanted to enter, but to her horror, it was occupied. She let out a whimper, her hands clenching tighter. Her sweet relief was snatched away from her again. The simple task of taking a few extra steps seemed impossible but she was seconds away from disaster. Her body on the verge of betraying her. She rushed to the second cubicle and that too was occupied. “WHY DOES EVERYONE NEED TO USE IT RIGHT NOW!” She screamed in frustration. Her floodgates almost opened but she somehow stemmed it. All her hopes were tied to the last cubicle. Holding her breath she inched towards it but in vain. The third one was out of order. Tears fell from her eyes. “WHAT THE HELL!” She whined.

Just then an idea clicked her mind. “Zahra’s hologram training room!” She nearly jumped with joy but stopped just short of it. She stepped out of the bathroom. Her hopes of relief were pinned to the last room on the corridor. “Since when did the corridor get so l-long!” She cursed under laboured breath. She was just imagining things. The distance was only 30 feet, but it sure felt like 3 miles to her.

When the metal door slid open, a gust of cool wind brushed against her. “I FUCKING HATE THIS!” She looked in all directions but Zahra. All she could see were huge complex arrangements of pipes laid out in the gigantic room. There were screens all around and a huge monitor showing that the Training was currently “PAUSED”. Miko became sure that Zahra was not there. She spotted an elevator on one corner of the room and nearly crawled towards it. Her situation was dire. The pain was unbearable, and her muscles cramped every few seconds. Her bladder never stopped spasming ever since the post credit scene ended and yet she braved them all. It was her chance at redemption now!

Miko Kubota had never been so relieved to be atop the platform right next to the opening of the pipes. Her bladder went into overdrive sensing the relief so close. The sight of the hollow pipe was so enticing that all her pee rushed to her pee hole. The first drop had emerged on her quivering pussy lips. It had broken free of her fierce sphincter muscles. “SHIT! The first drop is out. It will burst open any second now!” She hastily squirmed and crossed her legs so tightly that her knees were white. But there was one last hurdle to overcome - her latex bodysuit.

The suit, which she was so proud of having no crotch zipper – something which seemed so powerful the start of the stream, was now her worst enemy. The neck entry design, which had seemed so innovative and practical, was now a nightmare. She was struggling to get it off, her movements frantic and desperate. She was on a small platform and had limited space. She tried to wriggle out of the suit, but it was clinging to her like a second skin. She was sweating which made things even difficult. Her heart pounded in her chest and suddenly she lost a spurt into her underwear.

"Come on, Miko," she muttered to herself, her voice shaky. "You've got this." She was pulling at the suit, her movements irregular. Another spurt jetted out and a warm sensation hit the backside of her legs. “Nothing is working! She sobbed desperately. One more spurt escaped and that was it. Miko had enough. With one last burst of energy, she clawed her nails into the catsuit and tore it open near her crotch.

As soon as the material was off, a thick, ferocious stream of pee erupted out of her privates. It was a true power-piss, which was clear white and came out in a perfectly straight line. “OH GODDD!” Miko nearly orgasmed as her bladder forcefully contracted. She could feel the insides of her bladder walls moving and gurgling trying to push out everything at once. Even her kidneys vibrated as if pumping more pee into her bladder in real-time. The entire hangar filled with a loud gushing noise as if someone left a hose open in full force. She saw stars in front of her eyes. Her face was a mix of red and blue. The sensation of the torrent sent pleasure waves across her body. Even after 2 full minutes, her bladder remained swollen, such was the volume she had confined inside herself.

After another minute or so, her bulge finally started deflating. The thickness of the gusher continued just like in the beginning – thick, strong, and straight. Miko’s breath was erratic, and her body shuddered with the onslaught of pain, pleasure and relief mixed together. “H-How did I hold so much inside me!” Miko said to herself, her words ending in whisper. The splattering noise of the liquid flowing down the pipe was driving her mad. Somehow it still added to her desperation. Her bladder contracted one more time making her gasp for breath. “What’s happening!” Miko looked down. She was dumbfounded to see even more pee gushing out of her pussy with a renewed vigour and thickness. It continued for another minute or so and came to a halt abruptly to her surprise. Her bladder successfully pushed out everything in full force leaving no room for small trickles. IT HAD TO DO IT. Miko did it. She successfully held it for a full 24 hours with 5 litres of intake.

“THAT WAS AMAZING! Can’t wait to do that again!” Miko collapsed on the platform body still shuddering. Little did she notice that Zahra had arrived in the room. She watched the spectacle with eyes wide open and felt the intensity of Miko’s moans.

“Looks like I too need to remove the zip from my catsuit and give it a go, just like Miko!”

- - - The End - - -

*069*2023-07-23 08:36

{{2 minutes ago, Lameone24 said:

Fantastic

}}

Thank you so much 😊

*071*2023-07-25 02:48

{{8 hours ago, JD0417 said:

Hot I can’t wait to see more from this series

}}

Thank you so much... I am so happy that you liked the story so much 😁

*074*2023-07-26 02:33

{{6 hours ago, JD0417 said:

I like all your stories however I’m disappointed that the big bladder series won’t be continued to a conclusive ending

}}

{{5 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I didn't know that the big bladder series was ending. Why is it ending . I like when the girls in the story hold it for unbelievable amount of time. And since this big bladder series is ending what are you gonna write about next Rexone

}}

Guys, I really appreciate that you guys love the Big Bladder Series so much, but it's been 3 years since I last wrote that. The reason for the open ending was to let the audience imagine the real end the way they wanted. You may choose to write a befitting ending and I will be happy to post.

Also, I am currently focused on story commissions and comics commissions. I want to continue doing that as I need the greens 🙂

