Flower Friday

Author: Redboi

*000*2021-06-25 22:18

Hello all, happy Friday! Today I’m running short on time, so I’ll just go straight to the story and then give you the titles of the others if you missed them.

Ugh, Mondays

Timely Tuesday

Wet Wednesday

Thrice Wet Thursday

Friday:

Elena opened her eyes, she was in her bed. She wondered if this was a dream again. She slapped herself. The sting on her cheek confirmed it wasn’t a dream. She felt down near her crotch, she hadn’t wet the bed. It was almost a regular thing at this point that she was surprised, she had wet the bed for 4 nights in a row. It almost felt like a miracle for her sheets. She stepped out and went to go take a shower. I wonder if Susie will message me.

Any message from Susie never came. It honestly was sad for Elena; after their interaction at the store yesterday, she may have driven her friend to not enjoy her anymore. After all, all she had done this week was constantly make puddles.

Elena put down her phone and looked at the bottles to her right. They were untouched. Maybe I should have one. Elena examined the bottle. The purplish substance inside looked welcoming enough. She had already drank it before with no side effects, she might as well try it again.

She took a sip of it, it was amazing. It tasted so good. She needed more. By the time the clock had struck 9 rain had started to pour down. Elena had just finished all but two bottles of her six pack. She wanted to use up some of her energy, it was time to go on a walk.

…

The streets were empty and the rain was drenching the sidewalks. Elena decided not to bring her umbrella and instead let her hair be moisturized by the rain. Strolling down the street Elena felt her bladder tug at her, but ignored it.

She passed by her old church and examined the stain glass windows. Displayed on them were some photos of Mary and Joseph with their baby Jesus. Another was of the disciples and Jesus at the final supper. The last one she saw walking past was one of Simon and the disciples fishing.

Church was an interesting place for Elena, and her dream only confirmed what was a bit of ptsd from her experiences in church, specifically during mass.

…

”But I can’t hold it!”

”You need to be quiet and pray, we are not leaving this room until mass is over!”

That moment in time was the source of all her pain. Often times Elena would sleep through her alarm and not have time to attend to her needs before Sunday morning mass, and she would have to sit in her own desperation during that said mass.

She could recall many times peeing herself in the pew and them having to clean it up. This church brought upon her many layers of shame. Now it was time for her to return the favor, but how? Elena felt her bladder bulge and saw some nearby planted flowers. She giggled, she was going to water the plants.

The good news about being in the rain was that no one could tell the difference whether she wet herself or not. If worst came to worst if anyone asked she had just fallen in a puddle. She went to crouch down on top of the plants. Instantly a wave of relief rushed over her as pee pooled out of her jeans. This’ll teach them. This church always needed to be made example of.

In Elena’s head she was winning the moral battle of this, but she knew it wasn’t the church’s fault completely. Her parents were heavily religious people and often took things way too far. This was more towards them if they could see her now.

The rain slowed to a sprinkle and a rainbow started to take shape beyond the clouds as Elena walked home. The weekend was approaching, it was almost time for her to apply to her new job. She pondered what it would be like being a model. She always had the slender model body, but never thought she would be picked. It was just a matter of time before her life was back on track, but first, she had to pee again.

Thanks for reading! Sorry I couldn’t do a longer reading, but I’ll make sure to allow myself to do that tomorrow and publish it earlier.

