Wake up and Smell the Coffee

Author: Roger Ireland

*000*2024-03-06 19:29

New Fiction by Roger Ireland

My name is Emily - short for Emilia – after my grandmother. My mother named me Mary Emilia, good Catholic that she was and Mary, I suppose, was better than Concepta, her first choice! By the time I went to school ‘Maryem’ had morphed into ‘Emily’ at my insistence. Apart from the odd times that I made her angry when she called me ‘Mary Emilia’ even my mother came to accept Emily. We lived in Dublin at the time and 90s Dublin was not the best but neither was it the worst place for a girl to grow up.

From an early age I always loved the occasional trip into the town centre. We would jump on bus with ‘An Lar’ (The City) on the front and a twenty minute ride would see us in O’Connell Street, the heart of Dublin. We would window shop for a while then buy whatever mother was looking for in the cheap shops. Finally, with my mother laden with carrier bags full of cheap fruit and veg from the market stalls that were selling of their last stock at giveaway prices, we would get back on the bus showing ‘Clontarf’ on the front.

All that was thirty years ago but lots of it is still vivid in my memory. Whenever I go back to see the family (I was the only one to emigrate) I am at home immediately. Ireland has changed for the better over the years and the economy is a lot stronger thanks to fifty years in the EEC and computerisation but not enough to entice me back. The life I have now is much more free and I don’t want to lose that. I have a small bungalow in Sandhurst, yes near the military academy, which ensures there are always new faces in the pubs to buy drinks. I live alone and do a little modelling work and the odd part in small films through an agency.

‘That’s great’, said Dr Susan Fairchild. ‘I asked you for a look at your early life and that was a good introduction, thanks. Now, how do you think hypnotherapy can help you, it’s a question I ask all my clients because I need to start somewhere, hypnotherapy does not include mind-reading’. She smiled.

‘Well…’ Emily began falteringly, ‘I need to find the root of something that seems to be a deep part of me. Stronger than a habit, more like an underlying instinct almost. Can you search for something like that once I am under?’

Susan said, ‘It doesn’t quite work like that, I can’t throw a trawl net into your subconscious and select from what comes up, I need to know what I am looking for. Can you be a little more specific?’

‘OK’ Emily said hesitatingly, ‘but I want to be sure of two things, one, that this will be completely confidential and two that finding out where this comes from will not destroy the feelings I have.‘ You see,’ She went on, ‘I don’t dislike this……this feeing, in fact I quite like it but I so want to know why?’

Susan answered with a smile and said, ‘The first one is easy. I am obliged by the Hypnotherapists Association to treat every persons’ details as completely confidential, unless of course I discover anything criminal, then I am also obliged to refer the matter to the authorities.’ ‘As for your second question, in almost every case of hypno-powered discovery, the person is grateful for the insights into their character and find comfort in the knowledge that they are actually “normal”, although the definition of “normal” is changing with the times!’

‘Alright’, said Emily, ‘they were fair answers, thank you. Put simply, I find that two things give me a strong urge to pee, and quickly. The sound of running water, not rushing torrents more like the sound of a fountain for example. The other thing is the smell of freshly made coffee, instant coffee doesn’t have quite the same effect though, but made from freshly ground beans. Wow! I have to run for the loo and it can sometimes be embarrassing.’

‘Yes, I can imagine’, said Susan with a sympathetic smile.

‘But’, Emily said, ‘if I end up with wet panties, or worse, wet jeans or skirt, it turns me on dramatically. So, whilst it can be somewhat embarrassing, I do get enjoyment from it and often brew coffee at home to “please myself” let’s say.’ Emily was blushing at this point.

A wry smile crossed Susan’s face as she answered, ‘Try not to be embarrassed, you would be amazed at the things that get people excited. Your... er……..predilection seems harmless enough compared with some I have heard. I think we should try a short session if you are willing and let’s see how far we can get before the end of this session.’ Susan had Emily sit on the couch and lie back partway but not flat. She asked Emily to close her eyes and listen to the metronome that she had started. Emily was relaxed and under within two minutes. A little later (actually it was ten minutes) Susan called, ‘Emily, wake up, wake up.’ Emily awoke and sat up on the couch. ‘How was that?’ asked Susan. ‘Do you remember anything? ‘No’, said Emily, ‘nothing, nothing at all, should I?’ ‘No’, said Susan reassuringly. ‘That’s good, that means that your subconscious is not fighting me so I think next session we will get you relaxed and under, then see what we can discover.’

They arranged a further consultation for the following Wednesday.

Emily was excited to see what the next week would bring and was at Susans clinic ten minutes early. Excited and apprehensive at the same time, still worrying a little that this would somehow change something she had come to enjoy. In fact, that morning she had prepared herself some fresh coffee and sat in her pyjamas while it was brewing. Sure enough, she had to pee and she just let it happen. Her pyjamas were soaked but Emily was past caring about that, she had had the presence of mind to put her favourite vibrator within reach and she climaxed before the coffee was ready.

Susan welcomed Emily and asked how she had been in the time since their last consultation. Susan could tell that Emily was anxious to get on with the session after their initial chat so she asked Emily to get on the couch and lie back as before. Emily was under hypnosis within a couple of minutes again. When Susan told her to wake up It seemed to Emily that she had only been under for a few minutes but Susan told her it had been nearly forty minutes. Then she realised she felt wet under her bum and her panties and skirt were very wet. She blushed furiously and feeling under herself she looked at Susan and stammered, ‘I’m sorry but I think I must have peed a little while I was under.’ Susan said, ‘a bit more than a little, there is a puddle under the couch, you completely wet yourself during the session.’

Then she went on the say, ‘don’t worry, I will tell you when it was and what we were discussing when you wet so I think we may have at least part of the answer you are looking for. First though, does the name “Bewley’s” or “Beauleigh’s” mean anything to you?’ ‘Bewley’s’, said Emily in an astonished voice, ‘yes of course, it’s a famous coffee shop in Grafton Street in Dublin. My mum would take me there occasionally, it was magic to a ten-year-old. They had all kinds of fresh coffee and you could order from a menu and if you liked the coffee you could buy the beans by the kilo and they would grind it for you. It was the only time I was allowed to drink coffee then. They had a range of fancy cakes and such as well but it was a bit expensive for my mum and we only went there when she could afford it. You could smell the coffee from down the street and it was always full’.

Susan said, ‘that’s very interesting because I asked you to tell me of one of your happiest memories and you told me of a time you went to Bewley’s with your mum. It appears from what you said under hypnosis that on that particular occasion you were absolutely desperate for the toilet and your mum was hurrying to get there so that you could use the loo but you wet your skirt and panties just outside. It was exactly at that point that you peed yourself just now’.

‘Wow!’ Emily exclaimed, ‘I remember it clearly now, I had to sit in my wet panties and skirt while we had coffee and an iced cake but My mum told me not to worry, she would wash my things when we got home and by the time we left my skirt was not quite so obviously wet. Why couldn’t I remember that? It must have been the start of my wetting habit.

‘There are a couple of factors here’, said Susan. ‘All of our memories are stored in the sub-conscious and can usually be recalled when we want. However in this case I believe there has been a conflict in your sub-conscious where your conscious mind at the time wanted to forget the embarrassing accident and so committed it to a deep place in your sub-conscious, on the other hand your mind recognized and stored your happiness that day, despite the wet panties, and stored the coffee smell as a trigger with no judgment at all just a simple trigger. Therefore, put simply, when you smell coffee your conscious mind thinks of peeing and there you are.’

Emily said, ‘I’m amazed, it was there all the time and as simple as a visit to Bewley’s.’ She laughed. Would you like to test and see that it still works?’ Said Susan, I have some deep roast coffee beans in the kitchen and I have no more appointments this morning.’ ‘I would love to try’ Emily smiled, ‘but what if I want to pee again?’ It will hardly matter’ said Susan, ‘you are already wet and I’ll lend you something to change into to go home.’ Besides, I want to talk about this with you a little more from a personal point of view but I can only do that once our professional relationship has ended, which I think it has, given the answers you have had today.’

Emily’s smile spoke volumes as they headed for the kitchen.

©Roger Ireland 2024

Authors note: I lived and worked in Dublin many years ago and remember Bewley’s very well and it was exactly as I have described, only better. I understand it is still there – well worth a visit if you are ever in Dublin. Just don’t tell them who sent you!

