Mom & Nathan & Sara & Annie & Jenny

Author: Roger Ireland

*000*2020-07-18 22:55

Based on an idea sent to me by Peefreak, a little different from my usual style but hey! Change inspires and broadens, I hope you enjoy.

Mom & Nathan & Sara & Annie & Jenny

1996

Mom’s taking us to the Disney store today. It’s downtown. I want Buzz Lightyear. I hope I can get him. Then we can go to McDonald’s mom says.

Have to take the kids into town today, I could do without the hassle but I did promise them and Nathan has been pestering me for Buzz Lightyear for weeks. I said he could have one today and it’s all he is talking about. Sara will be happy with a doll but it won’t have to be anything particularly special, she’s not got into Disney characters yet so that will keep the cost down. They love McD’s so I said I would take them there afterwards too. What is it that takes kids so long when you are going out? Now have I got everything? Handbag, purse, house keys, Sara’s changing bag, God! I shall be glad when she’s out of nappies!

I think I do love my little sister but she takes up so much time. I really want to go now mom. I wanted to take Andy with me but mom said no, in case I lose him.

I’d better get the kids coats done up properly it’s cold out there today, but then I suppose it will be, it’s still only march. OK last pee before we leave, I’ve never been quite the same since I had the kids. I could go for hours then but not now. The price you pay for having kids! At least the bus is on time, we should be there by 11 which will give the kids time to see the whole store. No matter how much you tell kids not to touch they can’t help themselves. The times I’ve said, ‘look with your eyes, not your fingers!’ They are everywhere at once in the Disney store, never mind, I suppose they are only young once. I’ve told them they can watch one of the cartoons on the big screen instore after they have decided what they want me to buy them so that might shorten the time. Actually, I could do with a pee again but I can wait until we get to McDonalds it won’t be that long.

I’ve got him, I’ve got Buzz. We can go now mom. I don’t want to watch Snow White with Sara I want a McDonalds. Mom says we have to let Sara watch cos she only little.

Thank God for that! Finally Nathan has his Buzz Lightyear, Sara has a ‘Princess’ doll and we are watching the last part of Snow White. At least it’s not far to McDonalds then I can have a pee, getting quite desperate now. OK it’s over, let me get them out before the next film starts or we will be here all day. I can see the sign for McDonalds it will only be a couple of minutes before we get there. It’s a lot warmer inside which is nice, it’s getting colder out on the street. Oh God! Why is it that they have to be cleaning the toilets right now? I suppose I’ll have to wait and go just before we leave. I’ve finished my cheeseburger but the kids take so long. At least the coffee has warmed me up but it won’t be long before It makes me want to pee more.

What’s happening over there? The boss is calling someone else from the toilet door and there’s water everywhere. Mom’s seen it now and she is getting upset, I hope I don’t get the blame, it’s not my fault.

Oh My God! There is water flowing all over the floor from the toilets, the manager has gone in to see what the problem is. I hope it’s not serious. He has put an ‘Out of order’ notice on the door now. I will have to hurry and get the kids moving I am nearly wetting myself and now I can’t pee here we have to get home. The kids don’t understand what the hurry is but I tell Nathan I need to hurry home because I need the toilet and the ones here are out of order. He seems to understand because he puts up no resistance to being hurried out. I can’t think of anywhere else close by that I can use the toilet, holding on is my only chance but the cold out here is cruel and the coffee that was so warm is now swelling my bladder so much I can feel it starting to spasm.

I’ve had to stop twice and surreptitiously put my hand between my legs to hold on. I don’t think I can wait anymore, there are quite a few people about too. I pull the kids into an old doorway and I pull my knickers down as best I can without anyone seeing up my skirt, they are a bit wet already. I just can’t hold a second longer and a first dribble swells into a great stream in a few seconds so that I am peeing hard in full view of anyone who wants to look, and a few do look! Nathan is looking quite shocked at seeing me pee so openly but Sara has no idea that it is unusual to do that in the street. I very much doubt if either of them will remember though which is a blessing.

Mom’s doing a wee-wee in the street. There’s such a lot and she is saying, ‘oh, ohhhh’, all the time as she is doing it. It’s making me want a wee-wee too, and my face is all hot. Mom is telling me that she couldn’t wait any longer and that it’s ok if you can’t wait.

God the relief! It’s embarrassing now but I don’t care, It was either that or completely wet myself and that would have been more noticeable anyway. Most of the people passing by actually looked sympathetic and only a couple looked disgusted. I hope they get that badly caught out one day, see how they get on! I tried to explain to Nathan that if you are that desperate it’s ok to pee somewhere strange. I think he got it but he was blushing slightly so maybe he was embarrassed by it.

2018

For most of his life as far back as he could remember, Nathan had been excited by seeing a woman peeing. If she was a mother or if it was in public it excited him even more. He had never understood why he felt that way and at times he had tried to suppress the feelings, disgusted with himself and thinking he must be perverted in some way. Sexual feelings prompted by more normal stimuli were often quite strong and he enjoyed sex with a woman as much as the next man. However, nothing got him going quite so much as the peeing scenes he had witnessed and replayed in his mind. He had struggled with this slightly strange phenomenon all through his teenage years, putting it down to the hormonal turmoil of his age. Yet here he was, nearly 26, in a satisfying and stable relationship with a girl who he adored and yet he still couldn’t lay this ghost.

Annie, his partner, was very tolerant and understanding and would occasionally indulge his fantasy and let him watch her pee. In actual fact, she seemed to find enjoyment of a sort in peeing standing in the bath or even outside if they were alone somewhere in a park or similar. It was just part of what he was and she accepted him just as he was. It clearly bothered him much more than Annie and he had discussed it with her several times as he attempted to find the source of this craving. Eventually Annie suggested something she had read about in a magazine one day, regression therapy. Annie explained to him what she had read and suggested he should try a session to see if it could help perhaps. They booked an introductory session with a hypnotherapist who happened to be a woman and Nathan almost backed out until Annie said she would go with him for the first session to make it easier for him to explain his anxiety.

The therapist was much younger than Nathan had imagined she would be. She looked around the same age as himself and that prompted further reservations but Annie egged him on. As it transpired the therapist, Jenny, was excellent at putting people at ease and he was soon explaining what he felt and when and that he really just wanted to find out why he had this reaction to a woman peeing. Jenny assured him she could help and booked him in for later that week for a full regression session. She explained that he would be fully hypnotised and that she would expect to be able to coax from his sub-conscious mind things that his conscious mind had hidden in the past. He left almost looking forward to the next appointment.

Nathan had three sessions of hypnotherapy over the same number of weeks and whilst some interesting things came to light (it turned out, for example, that he harboured an old resentment for Sara, his sister, because she took his mother’s attention so much when they were children) nothing emerged that helped in discovering what he really wanted to know. At the end of the third session Jenny told him that when he mentioned a favourite long forgotten toy, Buzz Lightyear, she noticed it had prompted him to experience an erection. Nathan was mortified that Jenny had witnessed that but she put him at ease and told him that whatever happened in the therapy session stayed in that room. She also explained that it might be a significant point in the therapy. So, the next session was booked.

When Nathan turned up for the appointment Jenny sat down with him and asked if he was sure he wanted to know the root cause of his unusual reactions to a woman peeing or would he prefer to not know. She warned him that it might mean that, once he knew and the mystery was gone, it might forever spoil it for him. A bit like discovering that Father Christmas didn’t actually exist or the tooth fairy. Nathan considered this for a moment or two but opted to go ahead anyway. As he explained it to Jenny, he and Annie had a great relationship and he would be happy if that was all he had.

Jenny smiled at him and then began. After the session, when she brought him out of hypnosis, she told him what she had learned. First she warned him not to be alarmed but that he had had an accident and thoroughly wet his trousers on her couch. Nathan was immediately embarrassed and apologetic but Jenny told him it really didn’t matter, it was all part of the job and for what it was worth it wasn’t the first time she had had a patient wet themselves.

She explained that sometimes women who were unfortunately in abusive relationships would pee themselves when they were in regression re-living some of the things that had happened to them. She explained that as soon as he had wet himself he also had a strong erection. She then proceeded to relate to him what had happened on the day his mom had taken him and his sister to the Disney store all those years ago. She related that even under hypnosis it had been difficult to elicit from his subconscious the actual events of that day and explained that this was an indication of how deeply it had been hidden in his mind.

Jenny suggested that his embarrassment for his mother that day was almost equally matched in strength with the pleasure he had evidently experienced from seeing her peeing and that the two feelings in conflict were the root cause of the depth of the memory lapse. She also said that she observed a slight blush on his face as he was recalling the event. She further explained that there was nothing sinister in his past that he need worry about and that the sexual stimulus he obtained from seeing a woman peeing was not so far from the ordinary as to cause concern. In other words ignore the root cause and enjoy it.

Jenny called Annie for him and asked her to bring him some dry jeans and boxers and explained briefly what had happened. Annie arrived about 15 mins later and Nathan changed in Jenny’s toilet. A week passed during which time Nathan and Annie discussed whether he had lost the joy of his previous stimulus and concluded that either way it didn’t matter.

One night a few days later as they were getting ready for bed Annie told him that she had been peeing more frequently now that she was pregnant but that that afternoon on the way home from work she had been desperate to pee and didn’t make it home but had to squat in the road just beside the park and pee in public and that a police squad car had appeared before she could finish and she had to pull up her knickers and jeans while she was still peeing and wet all down her legs. By the time she had finished relating this to him Nathan was displaying an enormous and very rigid erection which Annie took advantage of immediately. Afterwards, as they lay in bed out of breath Annie said,’ Wow if that’s what it does for you, I shall have to wet myself more often!’

###

© Roger Ireland 2020

*001*2020-07-19 20:45

Hi all,

Many thanks for your upvotes. Always appreciated when people like my writing.

Stay wet'n'happy,

Roger Ireland.

