On the Way: A Petite Girl`s Wet Plight

Author: Ridge 

*000*2019-11-19 04:44

Hello everyone. This is my first attempt at writing fiction on this site. This is a tale of extreme desperation involving a girl in cosplay.

It is inspired by @Jailor Eckman's piece on his Hoard Images pack called “On the Way” and I give credit to him for the character. Seeing how frantic she looked in that terrible situation she was in and how much she drank actually inspired me to request an additional photo of her in a far worse situation where it looked like she was in serious pain. You can see the image that Jailor made in Request #010. From there it gave me some ideas as to how the rest of her story went and it is all culminated in this fiction that I’ve written here. I’ve taken into mind of the health consequences of what this girl in this piece can face and I have included descriptions of such consequences to try to keep it realistic, though I guess it won’t be entirely. I ran into some writers block towards the end of the piece which admittedly did delay the release of this fiction for a couple more months, but I eventually got over them. Anyway, I hope you enjoy the fiction. Peace out and let me know what you think of it.

NOTE: There is a mention of Bailey as a teenager in junior high school suffering desperation and some vivid descriptions of sexual encounters that Bailey would imagine in this story and there is nudity involved in this piece as well as some strong language. View this at your own discretion. 

It was a bright morning in Springfield Oregon and Bailey Porter was excited about the anime convention in Seattle that her anime club successfully raised funds for. She had dyed her hair red the night before and prepared her red seifuku outfit. It was to be a six hour drive to Seattle so she had no intention to waste any time sleeping in as the convention was to open at 3:30PM and her best friend, Selina wanted her to be there for 3:00PM. 

With the alarm clock going off, she gets out of her bed in her naked form quickly discovering that she has a strong urge to pee, likely a result of needing to go since 9:30PM last night and going to bed without relieving her bladder. Her toilet had been broken for two days and her landlord said that he would show up in four days as his office is currently busy. It was not a big deal to her, she was going to go to a rest stop on the way and have her morning pee and during those two days, she would stop at either a friend’s place or go to a coffee shop to use the bathroom. She put on her seifuku outfit which perfectly fit her small petite figure, put on her glasses which suited her cute face and ate her breakfast which consisted of bacon and eggs and orange juice.

A thought crossed her mind “Why am I drinking when I already have a full bladder?” she pondered this question for some time, but decided to drink the rest. “Whatever.” she thought, she knew that she was going to stop at a gas station or rest stop on the way to the convention. Her cell phone started ringing, she grabbed it off her coffee table to see who it was. Sure enough, it was her friend Selina calling her. She swiped to answer. “Hey Selina.” her friend’s voice answers: “Hey Bailey, how are you this morning?”

Bailey felt a slight twinge from her bladder and crossed her legs. “Other than the fact that I still have to pee, I’m alright. I’m just waking up from my bed rest and having some breakfast.” Selina was heard laughing on the other end. “Oh T.M.I Bailey. Nah, just joking, its okay. I’ve had a pretty strong urge to take a tinkle myself when I woke up. How bad is it?” Bailey crossed and uncrossed her legs, trying not to think about it. “It’s really bad but I can still wait. I’ve had to piss since last night and my landlord still hasn’t fixed the damned toilet yet. I slept with a bladder full of piss and it kind of screwed with my sleep.” Selina’s tone on the other end got serious very quickly.

“Now Bailey you better listen to me, as soon as you get on the freeway, look for a service station and relieve yourself. Do not hold it, you don’t want a UTI and a bladder infection like I did and I know you have a habit of doing that. Plus, you’ve had one already.” It was true, even though Bailey does have a weak bladder and very often she has had very urgent urges, she does have a habit of trying to hold it in even when she was bursting and that has led to some very close calls and she has peed herself in ninth grade when she was fourteen because of this. She definitely hasn’t forgotten about the god-awful urinary tract infection that she had and that certainly made her constantly worry about being near a toilet so she didn’t suffer from UTIs and bladder infections.

Bailey replies “Selina, I totally get you. I am going to stop at one and take a piss. I’ve been holding it for almost ten hours, there’s no way I’m going to hold it for an additional six. I planned out my route on Google Maps, so I should be there for that exact time.” Selina seemed assured at the other end. “Thank you, Bailey. You know it would hurt me to see you like that again returning to our school from our museum trip back in junior high, you know back in ninth grade.” Bailey definitely did remember that being the worst she had to pee, and she did not want that to happen again. “It won’t happen again.”

Bailey said “I’ll see you at 3:30.” She hung up the phone, put her dirty dishes in her dishwasher and then she got out the door. The air outside was cold as was expected when the weather began to cool down during this time of year. It irritated her bladder and she winced and shivered. She quickly got into her sedan and started her drive. The air was almost just as cold inside her vehicle as the temperature outside, but she figured she could get used to it.

Bailey eventually merged onto Interstate Five. The time was 8:30am, she had been holding it for eleven hours. This thought made her shiver in her car seat. She noticed that it was starting to get a little cloudy. The traffic on the highway was moving fast and steady. While she was driving, she was thinking about her friend’s costume. Selina wanted to keep it a surprise, but she couldn’t help but picture her in different outfits, even having some naughty thoughts about her wearing something scantily clad. Just then, she felt a twinge in her bladder reminding her to empty her morning pee and the urine from last night and the orange juice was starting to stream into it. It was becoming more annoying to deal with. Just up ahead was a service station. She merged into the lane that would take her there and she arrived there at 8:45am. She went inside and walked up to the clerk. “Excuse me miss, do you know where I can find the bathrooms?” Bailey asked, subtly squeezing her thighs.

The clerk looked at her with a look of remorse for her situation. “I’m very sorry, there is a problem with the plumbing in the building and the washrooms are closed.” Bailey couldn’t believe what she was hearing. Is she going to have to hold it for the entire trip? She seemed to be at disbelief but didn’t think it was a big deal. She has held her urine for very long periods of time before and she was young healthy eighteen year old girl who turned eighteen about a month ago. It’s not like she has had her pelvic muscles torn away by pregnancy. Though she did have a weak bladder and whenever she has to go, it always made her feel so uncomfortable and it always became urgent very quickly.

She can always lie to Selina and tell her that she relieved herself, even though that wouldn’t be true. Bailey felt dehydrated and felt tempted to get a large drink. “Okay, do you mind if I get the extra-large sixty eight ounce peach tea?” The clerk took her money and handed it her, although she was puzzled considering Bailey asked for a bathroom. The clerk took Bailey’s money and then gave her the drink. “Here you go, don’t drink it all at once now.” The clerk said with concern, Bailey didn’t seem to be listening to her, in fact she thought that the clerk shouldn’t be stepping out of her place and concern herself in someone else’s affairs. Bailey left and got back into her vehicle. 

Bailey looked at her drink with such intoxication in her eyes. She couldn’t believe the size of it. This was slightly bigger than one of those big gulps at 7-Eleven. The tea inside it looked so delicious. She wondered how nice it tasted. Without thinking about the consequences, she began to quickly gulp down that ridiculous sized drink. She was just sucking in the peach tea like a vacuum until it becomes empty. She did not have time to find a garbage to toss it out so she placed it in one of her cup holders. She could feel her bladder reacting to the liquid coming down her body and she briefly stuck her hand in her crotch. 

The morning pee urge was getting really bad, though she didn’t think it is going to get any worse. She couldn’t afford to stop at so many service stations to look for a toilet. Even though she had been holding it since feeling the urge last night, she just had to suck it up and hold it for the whole six hour drive regardless of what Selina says if they are to make it to the convention in time. Bailey has a weak bladder and she is sick of having it, if she held it in while she was sleeping then she can make do with liquid still inside her for another six hours. That will really strengthen her bladder control and keep her pelvic floor strong. She started her car and drove off.

It was 9:30am and Bailey was making significant progress towards her destination. Though she could see that the clouds in the sky looked really nasty. It looked like it was going to rain and sure enough it started to. The water temptations outside of her car and the cold air inside it didn’t help matters as her bladder continued to spasm and ache. She did remember seeing a guy pee next to a tree when she was camping with her friends last summer, she was always envious of guys because it was definitely a lot easier to urinate when you have a penis. She wondered how she could pee standing next to a tree even though she has a vagina. She imagined taking off her jeans and pulling the crotch of her panties to the side, exposing her vagina lifting her leg and peeing full force on the tree and moaning in relief. She would have done that had she been on the verge of going in her pants on the campground but she didn’t want to embarrass herself at the same time.

Immediately after that thought she felt a bladder spasm that felt stronger than before. Why is her need becoming so much worse? She squeezed her thighs together and shook them as the rain turned into a downpour. The pressure in her bladder was growing and she began to realize that that massive peach tea that she drank was going to end up in her bladder along with her morning pee that she should have pissed out when she woke up, not to mention her piss from last night was still sitting in her bladder as well as her orange juice. Her mind flew into worry but she relaxed herself. She should find a service station soon with a functioning bathroom and she could still hold it until then. She glanced at her clock on the dashboard and saw that it was 10:45am, thirteen hours and fifteen minutes without peeing. The traffic was still moving fast, she wasn’t worried too much.

Fifteen minutes later and the traffic started to slow down into traffic delays. What is going on? She is not seeing any construction signs up ahead and she was confused. She turned on her radio and discovered that there was a horrific car accident up ahead that closed major sections of the highway and was causing delays. The movement of the cars was incredibly slow. It isn’t just needing to pee that’s worrying her, she was worried she would be late to the anime convention. That six hours might turn into eight hours at this rate. Bailey’s need to pee was increasing freakingly fast and she began to look worried, she didn’t think she could hold it for six hours let alone eight but she had no choice in the matter and Selina was just going to have to accept it plus she didn’t want to have to stop at a bathroom so often because of a weak bladder. She simply had no time to look for one, no matter how painful it would become, the liquid was going to have to stay inside her.

At 12:00PM, Bailey became completely desperate. She would feel a spasm almost every thirty seconds and it would remind her that she needs to go to the bathroom soon. She cannot simply forget about the pressure anymore and shrug it off as an annoyance. It was constantly prodding her at this point. This was the kind of bladder pressure that when she is working or studying, she would stop whatever she is doing and find a toilet right away only she is stuck in a vehicle on a six to eight hour drive to Seattle and she had to use the short time she had to get there, so she had to simply hold it. 

She tried to take her mind off her bladder and focus on the road ahead, but the traffic was barely moving and her kidneys aren’t even nearly done processing the loads of caffeine that she drank. She can feel the peach tea, her morning pee, her orange juice and the urine from last night swishing and sloshing around inside her which was making her wince and all she can do is cross her legs and squeeze her thighs together as she had to have both hands on the wheel.

At 12:30PM she was absolutely bursting! It was becoming impossible for Bailey to think of anything else and the freezing downpour outside was making things so much worse. Her bladder felt rock hard and it was starting to feel tight around the waistband of her skirt. She needed to go so bad, her body was literally sweating to keep it in. It was becoming intolerable and now she was starting to worry about the growing pressure inside her more than being late to the anime convention. The empty sixty eight ounce cup looked tempting to her, but she was a proper lady and not five years old and she had more dignity than that. 

As she reasoned to herself before, however painful this may become, she was going to have to hold it. Instinctually she took her right hand and shoved it against the crotch of her skirt, her eyes began to water and she clenches her teeth looking worryingly at the traffic delays ahead. She has been holding her urine for fifteen hours now and she was worried if things were going to get much worse. At the rate the pressure is going up, she was going to have a total toilet related emergency on her hands and she was starting to regret drinking that massive peach tea.

An hour and a half later at 2:00PM, Bailey was starting to panic and she was in heavy pain. She was about to explode and get her convention outfit and car upholstery all drenched. The waistband of her skirt was pressing into her bladder and she was constantly opening and closing her legs. Her body was sweating profusely and she could feel the urine about to burst out. Her bladder even began to expand and push back against her waistband which is causing the bladder pressure to reach unbearable levels. She noticed that she started feeling horny as well and was having sexual thoughts about the guy she wanted to date and she started feeling wet, even briefly thinking about how good his penis would feel inside her vagina. 

She wondered what sex would be like while she is bursting for a pee, how it would intensify her pleasure of having his cock thrust in and out of her. It was obvious that her bladder was pushing against her g-spot. She felt a strong spasm and that brought her back to her reality, she was about to burst! She was about to burst in her cold car and it is pouring outside. She placed both of her hands on the crotch of her skirt, looking worryingly at the traffic delay and the rain on the highway. This was so similar to her situation back when she was fourteen years old, coming back from her trip to the museum and peeing herself as soon as she got to her home’s doors. A downpour and thunder storm outside and her face was all red and sweating and so embarrassed in front of her peers.

No matter how much she begged teachers to pull over to a gas station, no matter how many tears she cried, she had to hold it for the entire two hour trip back, slowing leaking during the trip. The school was closed and she had to take the city bus home, waddling home afterwards and she peed herself outside of her parents’ home. She remembered that being the worst she ever had to pee in her life and now she was on that level again where she was worried about peeing all over her seifuku outfit and all over her car seat. “Oh my god. I’m going to explode.” Bailey moaned “Why can’t this traffic go any fucking faster?”

The accident must be cleared up, isn’t it? How bad is this accident? It turns out that there was a severe car pileup which resulted in fiery crashes and multiple fatalities. She was lucky that this did not happen to her, but her situation isn’t so grand being stuck in a car for eight hours with a bladder that was about to burst.

She would not allow this to happen to her. She will pee in a proper toilet like a decent and polite lady and not her empty sixty eight ounce cup. Bailey’s anxiety was spiking up and she started taking deep breaths, deeply breathing in and out and sighing in desperation on top of it while her legs and her bum began to gyrate. Her entire lower body eventually began to gyrate on top of that as she struggles with the pressure in her lower abdomen and her sighs turned into moans and groans. If she was wearing jeans, she could undo her button to relieve the pressure a bit but she didn’t even have that. That was not an option for her skirt, it is just going to continue to push into her lower abdomen and worsen her urge and she was so afraid of being impolite that she would not take off her skirt to relieve the pressure. She’ll just need to suffer for a while longer.

The downpour continued and the traffic hasn’t gone any faster. In fact, it has gone slower for poor Bailey and her bladder pressure only continued to increase and increase and increase. Bailey was in even more psychological distress and her moans and groans have gotten louder in volume. It is an absolute emergency now and it is starting to hurt; her urethra felt like it was stinging and she could also feel the pressure in her vagina. She was constantly trying not to think of toilets and water temptations. 

Her eyes spelled horror and pain and it began to blush red. It was no longer just prodding her; the searing bladder pressure was always there inside her body sitting and expanding and it was never ending torture for Bailey. Her bladder no longer felt rock hard, it felt like a boulder is sitting inside her with steamy boiling water inside it. “Why is this happening to me?! Why did I drink that horrible peach tea? Oh god.” She thought. The traffic was slowed to the point where the traffic stopped moving. “Oh god, help me please.”

She moved her other hand off the steering wheel and started to move it toward her crotch when she felt that something was off. She felt a large mass on her lower abdomen and she looked down and realized in horror what that large mass was. This was her painfully overfilling bladder. She looked five to six months pregnant. Her bladder was so distended and overstretched it looked like it was popping out of her lower belly as if she was actually carrying a child inside her. This really caused her to start losing her mind.

She looked over at the clock and realized that it was 2:45PM, over seventeen hours without a pee and having to pee so much her bladder was stretched to the point where the skin on her lower belly was popping out. This was horrid, absolutely horrid! This urge is a lot worse than needing to piss on the bus from her trip to the Museum when she was in junior high. This was unlike any other urge she has ever felt before. She has never had to pee this bad in her entire life, she never thought it was possible to have her bladder this full. She needs to get to a service station right now before she pisses all over her car interior.

The rain kept on coming down which tortured her and the traffic has barely moved an inch. She turns on the radio and hears a broadcast saying that all drivers need to remain in their cars as there is flooding on the highway. Afraid to look, but curious anyway, she looked out of her window and noticed that the highway was flooded with rainwater all the way up to the wheels of her car. She was practically driving in a river with rain that continued to come down like a bathtub faucet. Suddenly, she gasps as she feels a giant wave of urgency and she immediately holds up her skirt and places it against her bulge with one hand and shoves the other in her panties with her fingers going inside her vaginal canal.

“Okay! Okay!” Bailey said out loud in a panic. “You are about to explode. Don’t think of water. Don’t think of water. Don’t think of water.” Bailey repeatedly said to herself until she is tempted by the water surrounding her car outside, visualizing herself as if she is driving a boat in a storm. Then imagining herself hitting a tidal wave which sets her boat upside down with her falling into the sea.

“Don’t think of water… water... I’m thinking of water! I’m thinking of water!! I’m thinking of water!!!”

As she said that a third time, tears begin falling from her eyes and she starts to sob. She kept thinking of a different image but still saw herself sinking into the sea with no hope of ascending, about to drown. “Oh god, is this really all my pee!?” She panicked and sobbed as she saw the ocean water turn yellow, turning into urine. She could no longer see the surface nor the ocean floor or any of her surroundings, instead she could only see walls closing in on her, further compressing her air until she wakes from her trance, feels a giant urgency wave worse than before and she felt a gush of pee spray onto her fingers and onto her panties.

She just leaked her pee! She immediately starts screaming in a pained and panicked fury and places her fingers deeper into her vaginal canal. The front of her panties became saturated and her car upholstery and the back of her skirt was wet with her urine. It took all of her effort to stop it but felt even more pain as her panties and car seat were wet. The only audible sound that filled the car at this point was her screaming and crying in such distress. She couldn’t even do a thing to calm herself down. 

All she could think about was her horrid need to piss. She looked at her empty sixty eight ounce cup and cursed that sweet tea. That horrible, horrible sweet tea did this to her, making her feel like a boulder full of boiling urine is inside her abdomen and about to piss herself in her car just as she did when she was in junior high coming back home from the museum trip. She considered using the cup as relief but decided against it out of pride, wanting to piss like a proper lady should on a toilet, refusing to give in to the agonizing pressure inside her.

Just then she notices a call from Selina. She continued to scream and cry in her car until she takes more deep breaths. If she asks, should she tell her the pain she is going through or lie? Hopefully she does not ask that. She swipes to answer, trying to hide the pain in her voice and trying not to cry as she struggles with the searing pressure and bladder contractions. “Sup Selina?” Selina immediately answers “Hey Bailey, are you still heading over to the convention?”

“Yes I am.” Bailey felt another painful wave and covered her mouth for a second, then continued “Sorry, the traffic is kind of slow. The highway is flooded and there is some kind of accident again, am I late?” Selina notices something was off and was worried “You sound kind of nervous and fidgety, are you alright?” Bailey was worried that Selina found out what she was battling but quickly came up with a lie to deflect the concern “I’m alright, it’s just nerves that’s it. Sitting in a car for a long time can make me anxious.” Selina seemed to believe the lie.

“That’s fine. They’ll go away.” The lie clearly worked. “Listen, I know this is going to sound disappointing and it will be a bitch to do this, but the event is being rescheduled because of the bad weather. Springfield and Seattle are declaring states of emergency because of flooding and property damage, this is the worst rainfall we got in a long time. We both need to return home now.” Even though Bailey was disappointed, she knew Selina was right. Still trying hard to hide the agony in her voice she says “That sucks but you’re right, the highway is completely flooded and I don’t want to be caught in the flooding.” 

Bailey shuddered when she said flooding, she continued “I guess we just spent an entire day on the freeway. Anyway, do you want to come over tomorrow morning?” Selina was delighted with this invitation “Oh, absolutely. We can spend the weekend watching movies and playing video games, considering the state of emergency is going to last until Sunday evening.”

Bailey was horrified when she heard this, was she going to have to hold it for two whole days? That was impossible, what was she going to do? This was far too painful, she needed a toilet before she pisses herself or suffer damage to her body; she didn’t know which was worse in her panicked state. She held back a moan by covering her mouth with her left hand that was drenched in piss, she could smell the urine as the scent went up her nostrils, and the smell wasn’t strong considering that the drink hydrated her so much.

“Bailey, are you there?”

She quickly uncovered her mouth and replied “Yeah, sure. It’s just disappointing that we can’t go out and do things because of this. Will the lack of a functioning toilet be a deal breaker to you?” It certainly caused Bailey some frustration of not having a working toilet. “I can just pee in my own plastic cup or outside on the grass, it’s alright.” Selina giggled. “Alright, I’ll see you tomorrow then.” Bailey replied then hung up. Then she began to realize what she just did. “Is Selina going to see me like this?” she pondered “No I won’t let that be possible, I’ll find a place with a working toilet.” She saw an exit from the freeway up ahead, she went up the ramp onto the main street and then took the freeway back to Springfield Oregon.

For most of her trip home, Bailey constantly wiggled and sobbed in her car constantly thinking about how she has to pee so unbelievably bad but has to hold it in for the rest of the day, horrified with the prospect that no establishment was open so she could release her scalding waters into a toilet bowl for the next two days. Her bladder pulsed painfully inside her, she cursed this day for causing her so much pain and suffering, and she cursed the sweet tea for putting her in this terrible state. That clerk warned her to not drink that sweet tea all in one go, she should have listened. Bailey instead ignored the clerk and now she has put herself in an absolutely horrible state such as this. She kept leaking on the way which made things worse. Even when she leaked, it gave her absolutely no relief from her torment, in fact the leaks worsened it.

She was drenched in sweat, her grey panties were completely drenched in urine, her thighs glistened with her own pee and her bum and her vagina were completely coated and submerged in the urine puddle on her car seat. The only scent she could smell was the incredibly pungent smell of her own urine, it continued to go up her nostrils which not only grossed her out but reminded her that she needs to get to a toilet ASAP! 

She continued to sob and moan and she would continue to scream in panic and searing pain while being tortured by her own hellish environment, the flooded roads, the rain, the thoughts of water and toilets that she can’t stop thinking about and the slow traffic, the puddle of piss she was sitting in which submerged her ass and her pussy and the strong smell of her little accident in her car, all of it made it feel like the boulder in her lower abdomen is only getting bigger and the contents inside it getting more and more scalding. She even tried to give up and pee herself, but nothing would come out, she would just leak and leak and leak, never giving her any relief from the terrible pressure.

It took her eight more hours to return to Springfield. The time was now 10:30PM. Bailey desperately looked for any gas stations or establishments that were open so she can relieve her horribly distended bladder, but they were all closed due to the state of emergency on her city. She has held her pee for twenty five hours, an entire day of pain, and an entire day of sitting in her car with a bladder that was horribly beyond exploding and she never got to go to the anime convention because of the weather. She pulled into her parking lot and she got at least some relief. She can finally move around. Her bum that is soaked with her piss is very sore from sitting all day, her abdomen is absolutely distended with her bladder sticking out and she has not had a piss in an entire day and her toilet is still broken and she cannot find any establishment that was open and had a working toilet.

She took her empty sixty eight ounce cup, walked out of her car, locked it and waddled to her apartment while putting a hand on her bladder still suffering tremendous pain. Trying not to scream, she walked in and with all her strength, she immediately sprinted to the bathroom. Her toilet had still not been fixed. “This day is just awful, AWFUL! And now I need to sleep with a full bladder again, with all this piss inside me?!” She sobbed again, but eventually she did compose herself. She took off her shoes and socks, her skirt and her top and her bra and she looked at her panties. She had been leaking the whole trip home and they were completely soaked and smelled very strongly of urine. Disgusted, she took off her panties and threw them into the washing machine.

Bailey then looked at her naked self in the mirror. She looked sexy, but the only thing that isn’t making her look sexy is this god awful ball of piss sticking out of her abdomen. She again put her hand on her massively distended bladder and felt that it was as hard as a bowling ball. Her skin did not give way no matter how hard she pushed it. Anybody can mistake her for being pregnant. This was terrible, this needed to come out of her body, but she can’t do that in her empty cup or go squat in the bathtub or on the grass, she had more dignity than that so she decided she was going to have to suffer more.

Thinking of all she has gone through, Bailey looked at her vagina and her ass in the mirror. They were the parts of her body that were drenched the most in her urine. She spent hours sitting in it as it glistened her thighs and submerged both her butt and her pussy. She remembered that she needed to clean her car. Bailey quickly put her bra, her top, and her tie socks shoes and although the back of her skirt was wet from her accident, she put that on too. She didn’t bother putting panties on as she didn’t want to wet another pair and she was grossed out with the idea of wearing her already drenched ones. She got baking soda and made a soap solution and obtained a rag and went out the door. The heavy rain coming down on her was even worse than sitting in her car with the rain tormenting her. It felt so cold, the contents in her bladder no longer felt scalding. Instead, it was starting to feel like a ball of freezer burnt ice that was painfully sticking out of her.

Then a thought crossed her mind, she was in the street and it was dark out and nobody could see her, she can discreetly pee in the street if she wanted to. Even when she is suffering this amount of pain, she kept holding it in as she believed a decent lady doesn’t urinate in the street. She opened her car door and bent downwards, holding back a moan as bending downwards squashed her bladder. She took her cleaning solution and put it on the rag, then she tried her hardest to scrub off the large urine stain that was apparent on her car upholstery. The rain was so cold on her body that she shivered and her bladder hurt even more, feeling like a frozen lake inside her lower stomach and the skin around her distended stomach feeling numb from the cold rain. Bailey groaned and moaned trying not to freak out. It absolutely hurts. To add to her torment, the cold water on the ground went right up to her calves as the parking lot became flooded.

Again the thought crossed her mind that she should just piss in the rainwater, but again wanted to maintain decency but she was curious whether she could relieve herself here and now. With her pussy exposed, her ass hanging out and her legs spread, she relaxed and tried to let out a stream. Ten seconds pass and nothing came out. Was her bladder locked up from holding so long or was she just nervous to piss outside? She didn’t want anybody to see her in that position and she was going to behave like a polite young pregnant woman, only she wasn’t pregnant, her bladder was so overstretched that it felt like it was occupying much of her stomach which made her look that way. Her lower stomach began to feel like a giant freezer burnt ice cube, the cold was getting too much for her condition. She starting to rush the cleaning job. Eventually she finished cleaning the stain off her car seat, shut her door and then waddled painfully back to her apartment.

Immediately after coming back inside, she was consumed with thirst. She knew it was not a good idea to drink anything else for the sake of her bladder or her kidneys but she hasn’t drunk anything else ever since that sweet tea and she needed to hydrate herself. Screw it she thought. She took her empty sixty eight ounce cup, went to her osmosis tap in the kitchen and sensibly filled it halfway with water so she doesn’t put too much additional strain on her organ. Bailey was a bit of a masochist for doing this to herself, but she had to take care of her other needs and her bladder was going to have to hold more. She would hold it no matter how painful it got until she can pee like a proper lady as she reasoned many times to herself on this particular predicament she was in. She drank out of her cup to her hearts content then felt her bladder painfully protest as her body began to process the loads of water she is putting into her body.

She rubbed her swollen bladder in an attempt to calm it while she looks very uncomfortable. She rubbed her bulge as if she was actually carrying a child hoping to lessen pregnancy contractions. Due to her pride and caring about being a proper young lady, Bailey decided that she was going to have to sleep with all this piss inside her small petite and naked body. She took off her wet clothes and left them on the floor, not caring to put them away. To calm her nerves, she took a sleeping pill, turned off the lights in her apartment and went to bed at 11:00PM. Before she passed out in sleep, she had been feeling horny all day. She stuck her fingers inside her vagina again and massaged her clitoris. The masturbation felt more intense, she knew that she gets horny with a full bladder and the worse the pressure got the hornier she became.

She wondered what sex was like with a bladder this full, maybe it would be very painful with his cock accidentally pressing on her absolutely exploding and distended bladder when he thrusts it in and out of her vaginal canal, but a girl can imagine. She eventually got tired, stopped massaging herself and went to sleep. Though it was hard to as she always felt the searing, once icy now scalding pressure inside her lower abdomen. She was surprised how much was actually inside her bladder, all sixty eight ounces of fluid in there and there was more to process into her overloaded organ in her tiny body.

She tossed and turned all night, trying to ignore what’s inside her body, though she can still feel the horrid pressure inside her abdomen and she would quietly sigh and moan in her half-asleep state. The loads of water she drank was definitely having an effect on her and it will be even more so in the morning. She had drunk thirty four ounces of water which she was unaware that the water was also going to stream into her bladder on top of the over sixty eight ounces of urine already inside her. She was having very horrific aquatic dreams, showing her fall into the sea from a ship hit by the tidal wave and her falling into an icy lake. Then the dreams switched over to something else. She saw herself as a teenager again, rushing home face all red slowly pissing herself, but then she got to the door and let it all out.

While she was unaware, urine started to dribble out of her bare vagina and onto the bed. Then the dribble turned into a stream and the stream into a gush. She unconsciously squeezed her thighs together and the gush stopped. Her vagina, her ass, her thighs, her legs and her bed was now completely drenched in piss. Her dreams also took a sexual turn, she dreamt that a man was having intense vaginal sex with her while she was beyond exploding to pee with her bladder sticking out. The vaginal lubrication leaked on the bed forming a small patch mixed with pussy juice and piss. As the hours passed, although half-asleep, Bailey was not conscious of the fact that her abdomen is noticeably getting much bigger as more and more water is pumped into her already terribly distended bladder.

It was 6:30am in the morning, the weekend has just begun and Bailey has been thirty three hours without a pee. Her eyes opened and it seemed like the pain was gone, though she and her bed did feel drenched. She noticed that her naked body was covered in sweat and urine. This was her own. Why was this? Bailey looked under her covers and saw that she not only wet the bed in her sleep, but her abdomen looked bigger as if she was eight to nine months pregnant and the bulge protruded up to her ribcage. Bailey gasped, feeling anxious and horrified and immediately she felt her lower body feel like its ripping itself apart and she covered her mouth, went underneath her pillow and screamed in such agonizing pain.

It felt that if she got up, her bladder would literally rupture and burst inside her. She could have made due with the pain from yesterday, but this was truly beyond unbearable. Seriously she could not stand it! Her bladder felt like an anvil that was falling towards the ground at high speed. She could feel massive pressure in her pisshole which caused her to gasp again and all the now scalding volcanic hot piss was moving towards her urethra. It felt like a volcano that was ready to erupt. She could feel her bladder press painfully against her pubic bone and her g-spot and even breathing would add to the already agonizing and horrible pressure inside her. She could also feel massive pain in her kidneys and her back and her sides, they were starting to have trouble processing liquids.

She couldn’t even scream or cry anymore or even breathe, she couldn’t even moan, she could only gasp and wheeze because if she did anything else, she would feel a stabbing pain in her lower abdomen. The pain from her pelvic floor and her bladder was excruciating and the pain from her pubic bone hurts much worse when she touches it. Her spine ached and hurt so much and even her vagina ached excruciatingly from the pressure. Breathing also added much pressure to her bladder so she had trouble doing so, she felt so faint that it felt like she was going to pass out from both the lack of oxygen and the tremendous pain inside her tiny eighteen year old body.

Bailey weakly grabbed her glasses from the table next to the bed putting them on and looking at what’s happening to her body. She was shocked at what she did to herself. “My god, I can’t take this. I can’t stand it!” Bailey faintly wheezed “How did I do this to myself?” Then she remembered, the piss from two nights ago is still inside her, the piss from yesterday morning is still inside her, the orange juice is still inside her, the sweet tea and now the water all inside her massively overstretched bladder. It seems that she never learned from her mistake. Her eyes were watering and tears started falling down.

The pain is so beyond excruciating that many thoughts crossed her mind “Am I going to get a bladder infection? Is my pee going to start backing into my kidneys and making me sick?” On top of that, Bailey couldn’t stop thinking about water or toilets. “God I need to take a fucking piss and get all this piss out of me before I put myself in the hospital.” She whispered out loud but felt a huge stabbing pain in her bladder and lower abdomen, she gasped in pain but that made the pain intensify. Speaking or even whispering added to the pressure in her overfilled organ. Her body was being ravaged by a series of spasms and bladder contractions and urine continued to dribble out of her pisshole and making her inner and outer labia more drenched in her own pee, it was doing everything it can to force it out of her body but she has held it in for so long that only little leaks would come out.

This torture she is doing to herself is Hell. This was making her feel sick, she began to get worried about doing some serious damage to her kidneys, but still held on to the belief that she needed to use a toilet like a proper lady and still refuses to urinate in her empty 68oz cup. She had to call Selina for help, but Selina wouldn’t be awake at this time in the morning plus she sleeps in. It was still dark out and the downpour and the thunder continued to torture her mind from her empty window as she continues to think about water and peeing into a toilet. She could not think of anything else, she constantly thought of water temptations and she cradled her distended bladder while she was attempting to clench her teeth, they only chattered. 

She laid on her bed for hours, moving her legs inward and outward and moving them up and down squirming in her bed and sweating like a faucet while she cradled her lower abdomen. Then it reached 9:30am, thirty six hours holding her urine. The pain reached a point where she could not take it anymore, she thought she was damaging her body doing this, she needed to get her piss out, now! 

Bailey got out of her bed in her naked and wet state but felt a really sharp pain in her abdomen which made her feel nauseous, her face looked so pale and she looked like she was in a state of absolute distress. She covered her mouth with her hands to stop the loud wheezing so her neighbors wouldn’t hear. She waddled to her broken toilet. Despite the fact that the flushing mechanism was still broken, she sat on it rubbed her bladder bulge and tried to relax. Nothing would come out. Was she suffering from retention? “My goodness, I have to go to urgent care! I need a catheter!” Bailey started crying heavily in the bathroom sitting on the toilet while all of the sudden, she heard her cell phone ringing.

She got off the toilet and walked over to her cell phone on the coffee table. There was no hiding anything from Selina anymore, she was going to know from the stress in her voice and her crying, and she just couldn’t stop it. Bailey swiped to answer and immediately answered “Selina is that you?” Selina laughed out loud “Of course it’s me silly, didn’t you add me to your contacts list?” Just then Selina noticed Bailey’s gasps, wheezing and tears on the other end “Hey, what’s the matter? You don’t sound too good.” Bailey decided that she was going to tell Selina the truth, she couldn’t hide anything anymore. “Selina. I need help. I have to pee so badly! I can’t hold it!” Bailey started crying heavily on the phone to Selina in which Selina responds with disbelief “Well what are you doing talking to me about it?! You’re not a kid, you’re an adult.

Just piss in your broken toilet or get a cup and don’t freak out like this.” Bailey felt a strong stabbing pain in her abdomen again and gasped “I can’t get it out! I’ve been holding it for a day and a half! Thirty six hours! You get me? I’ve been holding my piss for thirty six hours! I wasn’t able to find a place with a working toilet and the traffic was absolutely congested and now my bladder is sticking out! I’m in so much pain!” Bailey wheezed louder this time as her speaking added more pressure in her lower belly.

Selina was horrified and angered at hearing this “Oh my god Bailey! Why didn’t you just piss in a cup or on the road?!” Bailey felt embarrassed by her friend’s angry tone but at least she was telling her friend the truth. “I don’t do that! I’m a lady and I need a toilet!” Selina got fed up with what she was hearing “That’s it! I said I’ll be coming over there to hang out with you, but I am going to come over there, hold my badly needed piss for a minute and force yours to come out.” She hung up the phone.

For the next fifteen minutes, Bailey sat on a bar stool her legs an inch from her bladder her feet also on top of the stool. She was trying her best to relax and stop crying. It hurt so bad, the pain was becoming too much for her to bear and she wasn’t sure if her kidneys were in a healthy state anymore. She moved her fingers through her urine drenched labia back into her vagina. She couldn’t bear being in this state, but minus the pain in her back and her kidneys, she imagined being penetrated by a guy’s monster cock while she is in this horrible condition. She tried to imagine the effect on her massively distended bladder while having his penis deep inside her love canal and thrusting hard.

No she thought, her bladder would probably rupture and her pubic bone would hurt even more. Oh how she needed help, she never thought it was possible to have to piss this bad that your stomach is protruding out of your body and your kidneys are hurting and you feel anxious and sick and about to pass out. This was a hell of a lot worse than coming back from that trip to the museum when she was in junior high. She could not find comfort on this stool, she carefully got up from the stool and walked over to the sofa so she could put on some TV. It pulled up The Shallows, a scene played where Blake Lively was swimming and wading through Jellyfish underwater and being chased by a shark. The setting reminded Bailey of the ocean that was sitting in her lower abdomen and she felt a sharp radiating pain move all over her stomach and she leaked and spurted on her sofa from her bare pussy.

Great, she didn’t just pee on her bed but now she pissed on her sofa. She thought about calling 911 until she heard a knock at her door. Bailey carefully got up from her sofa. Making sure not to squish her own bladder, she opened her door and saw Selina. Selina had a ponytail with black hair and in her own seifuku outfit except it was blue. She has a very slim figure with B cup breasts and she stared at a naked Bailey horrified by what she was seeing in her lower stomach on her petite naked body as Bailey did a slow pee dance, looking horrified and sweating like a fire hose and gasping.

“Good lord Bailey, what did you do to yourself?!” Selina yelled in anger while pointing at her bulge while briefly putting a hand over her crotch. “I’m busting for a piss myself but you? Goodness gracious, how can you put yourself through so much pain?! Why do you have to piss so much?” Bailey couldn’t even speak a long sentence “It… hu-hurts!” Selina went to the kitchen to grab a pint glass and placed it underneath Bailey’s vulva which was sopping with pee. “Seriously Bailey. Don’t worry about being a proper lady. Just pee. Get it out now!” Bailey pushed the cup away “I-I… I can’t. I’m going to ho-hold it. I need-“Just before Bailey could finish her sentence, Selina pulled Bailey angrily to her face grabbing her by her shirt. “I’m not asking you, I’m telling you! Take a piss right now and get that out of your body before you damage your kidneys!” Just then, Selina noticed the empty sixty eight ounce cup on her dresser, she noticed that there was remnants of water in it. 

“Holy shit, Bailey. Did you drink a soft drink out of this and then refilled it with water and drank it all out too? And you didn’t even tinkle?” Bailey nodded her head once. “I-I f-f-filled it with… water halfway. I h-h-had… sweet tea bef-before that.” This sentence caused Selina to completely lose it on Bailey, she was absolutely furious now. “You added caffeine in the mix too? What the hell is the matter with you?! Seriously, are you trying to torture yourself? For what?! Are you actually trying to get a kidney infection?! Bailey Porter, we are absolutely going in the shower enclosure right now!” Selina snapped, she felt a spurt in her g-string but she didn’t care. All she cared about was the state of her friend’s urinary health confused and infuriated that her friend has held it for a day and a half. On that note, Selina angrily dragged Bailey into her bathroom in her shower enclosure.

She motioned for Bailey to stay on the shower enclosure drain and then she rushed into the kitchen to find a measuring cup. She wanted to know how much urine was inside her friend’s bladder and she was going to use the mega cup to relieve her own. She placed the gallon sized measuring cup underneath Bailey’s pussy and looked at her sternly. “Bailey, we need to get it out. Take as much time as you need, but you need to take a piss very soon.” Bailey squatted over the measuring cup and tried to relax and pee. Two minutes later and nothing came out, she only felt a sharp pain in her stomach which caused her to gasp.

“It’s not working. I think I need to go to A&E.” Selina held Bailey by the shoulders “I just think you are not relaxed. You keep thinking about the pain in your body and it is only going to get worse and you’ll get tenser.” Selina put her hand on Bailey’s distended lower abdomen and rubbed it which caused Bailey to gasp in pain. Selina immediately took her hand away. “I’ll try and help you relax, if nothing happens then I’ll call an ambulance. Come sit with me on the sofa.” With that plan in motion, Bailey got up and painfully waddled with Selina to her sofa.

The two girls sat on the couch watching The Shallows as well as 47 Meters Down. Selina is still holding her full bladder not wanting to torture Bailey with the sound of her relieving herself. Bailey’s bladder on the other hand was still horrifyingly overstretched and pressing against her pubic bone and she was in an absolutely horrible state physically and mentally and the watery images on her TV were making her mental state worse as well as her pain. Selina was rubbing Bailey’s back and her bladder that was sticking painfully out of her abdomen. It was filled with so much liquid Bailey thought her bladder was going to tear.

“My god, this is going right up to your ribs. It looks like a giant bowling ball is inside you.” Selina said in shock and concern for her friend. Bailey was crying and she looked at her friend with her teeth chattering “It-it fe-feels li-li-like- one is inside me. I’m in so mu-mu-mu-uch p-p-p-pain. My back and my kidn-n-neys are hur-r-rting. I-I-I’m about to burst and-and damage my body! It s-s-s-so so bad that-at-at my bl-bl-bladder feeeels like it-its going t-t-t-to rupture a-a-nd it won’t come out!” Bailey continued to wheeze and writhe on her sofa. Selina can only look at Bailey in horror, it really hurt her to see her friend struggling like this, a lot more than that museum trip back in junior high. “It feels like its going to rupture?” Selina asked in surprise, and her friend nodded her head up and down.

She looked at the clock and noted the time. It was 1:30am, forty hours her friend has held it in. Selina had tried to relax Bailey to no avail. “Selina, my back!” Just then Bailey noticed a very sharp and consistent pain in her back and her sides and her kidneys and winced in agony and making squealing sounds as if she is being tortured by a demon. Her lower abdomen felt like it was going to tear and her pubic bone felt like it was going to crack and her bladder literally felt like it was going to burst inside her.

The pain was becoming too much for her to the point where she uttered a mix of pained moans and squeals and she felt like she was going to pass out. “It’s okay Bailey, take some deep breathes, I’ll get you to A&E.” Just as all hope is lost, a stream of urine squirted out of Bailey’s sopping pussy onto her sofa. “I think it’s starting to come out.” Bailey said in shock. Selina then grabbed Bailey and took her into the shower enclosure along with the measuring cup and the sixty eight ounce cup.

Bailey squatted over the measuring cup and Selina held onto Bailey. “Now Bailey, do what you did before.” Her friend started tearing up “I can’t believe I’m doing this, this hurts so much but I need a proper-“ Selina became furious again with where Bailey’s words are going. “NO MORE EXCUSES!” Just then Selina wrapped her arms around Bailey’s severely distended bladder and squished it. The pain was blinding and absolutely horrible, Bailey gasped very loudly. Finally, all the liquid that Bailey’s bladder contained for forty hours straight comes out in a giant gush. It wasn’t just a gush, it was a literal spray as if it’s a shower head spraying urine coming right from her vagina and the pee looked as clear as water. 

This was not yet relief, this was still blinding and torturous for her to feel. The spray felt so painful, perhaps even more so than keeping the loads of piss inside her. Selina herself began relieving her bladder by pissing into the empty sixty eight ounce mega cup. Bailey’s face turned red from the pain and she was screaming and crying in her shower enclosure.

“Selina, please stop!”

Her friend however isn’t having any of it “Are you kidding? Look at that measuring cup!” They both saw that the searing liquid has filled the cup past one quart and Bailey wasn’t even done pissing out what she has battled with since that trip to the anime convention. “How could you have done this to yourself?” Selina growled in anger as she finishes her pee. Bailey on the other hand was still pissing hard into the measuring cup. Her bladder isn’t as distended as it was before, it was decreasing in mass as more and more piss came out.

Selina was horrified by what she was seeing. The liquid was filling the measuring cup past two quarts now with no sign of stopping. It took a total of three minutes for Bailey’s bladder to completely empty. Her stomach bulge was gone and she sighed, finally relieved of the pain inside her tiny petite body. Her pelvic floor however was seriously strained and hurting and her kidneys still burned, but not as bad as before. “Oh my god Bailey, look at that.” Both she and Selina looked at the measuring cup. It went past three point two quarts. “The bladder usually can hold under five hundred milliliters before it gets really urgent above that. You pissed out a little over three litres, you were just one away from a gallon. Your bladder could have ruptured and you could also have suffered serious kidney damage. How could you have put yourself through this torture? Are you out of your mind?” Bailey did not know how to respond.

“I just wanted a proper toilet.” Selina growled again at her friend “Well consider what could have happened to you! You weren’t helping your situation by holding in that what must have felt like a giant stone inside your body. If everything in your body hurts like that, you need to let it out. I don’t care if you would do it in your panties or one of your sexy g-strings or whatever, I don’t EVER want to see you go through that again!” Bailey then kneeled on the ground looking right at the measuring cup she pissed in and saw how full the gallon measuring cup is. Embarrassed, Bailey started crying, the smell of her own piss filling her nostrils. Selina then realized how harsh she was with her words, she kneeled down to Bailey and moved the measuring cup.

“Come on, you don’t need to be smelling your own piss.” Bailey took the measuring cup back and kept it close to her. “I’m already covered in my own sweat and pee, the smell of my own pee reminds me of what I went through. Oh god, my pubic bone is hurting still.” She held on to her left side of her pubic bone and had one hand underneath her vagina wincing in pain. “It’s okay Bailey. We’ll get you to a doctor to check you out. I also think we should check out your bladder and your kidneys too just to make absolute sure they are okay. You’re not going to go through this by yourself.” Bailey looks up to Selina and smiles. “Thank you Selina.” The two girls hug and then Bailey went to sit down on her sofa that was soaked with her urine and Selina went over to get her cell phone.

Bailey went through some serious pain, and Selina believed that it was in her best interest to go see a doctor to get herself back to normal after such a painfully long holding of her urine inside her massive and painful bladder. Her pelvic floor was going to take time to recover from this horrific ordeal. She did not know how she got to this point, but what is done is done and she believes that this is the worst pain she has ever experienced in her life and vows never to put herself in this position or to experience this kind of bladder pressure ever again, or so she believed. This was truly a petite girl's wet plight. 

*002*2019-11-19 06:12

{{1 hour ago, Sake said: 

You have some massive paragraphs there where dialogue should be breaking them up. 

A new speaker always gets a new line, you never have a bunch of different people talking back and forth within a paragraph like that. 

That said this is based on the absolute best sequence of Jailor art there ever was, and it's nice to have some form of proper closure for it - and even different forms of closure, since Biku went ahead and drew his own ending to it as well. 

Anyways aside from being kinda hard to read because the paragraphs are so big it's really good and again really nice to see an ending to this. 

}}

Thank you for the constructive feedback. Yeah, I can see that the paragraphs are a bit too long and the dialogue at times can be a bit hard to follow, so if I do end up making a sequel or a different work in the future, I'll be sure to improve it that way. 

I would absolutely love to see what Biku did with this girl in particular, though I did look through his art and commission threads and I couldn't seem to find it. Perhaps I didn't look hard enough. Do you know where I can find it or do you have a link to his work? 

*008*2019-12-20 07:30

{{On 11/19/2019 at 7:25 AM, Sake said: 

It's in his discord. He gave it the ending you'd expect. 

}}

I know its been a while since I was on here, but thank you very much for posting Biku's drawing here. I absolutely love how she has her mouth wide open in relief.

@Melificentfan

@Dtravis

@huberp76

Thank you very much. I'm glad you all enjoyed what I wrote here.

{{On 12/12/2019 at 2:23 AM, HoldingPrinces said: 

Good story. By the way, will this kind of things (health hazards) really happen if we hold like that? I haven't gone that far yet.. 
}}

I would like to apologize for my late response. I've been absent for a while on this site. I just went by what I researched on Google and I have looked it up on sites like webmd and other health sites. In terms of health consequences, Bailey in this story goes through urinary retention which is an inability to completely empty your bladder, and with the amount of fluids she drank she also suffers from a distended bladder where the bladder walls become so stretched that it actually protrudes out of your stomach. If the walls becomes too stretched, there is risk of the muscles of the bladder as well as nerves being damaged, and the bladder can potentially rupture from too much external pressure such as a car accident. 

Usually when one is holding that much urine inside them, there is an excruciatingly painful pressure that signals that person to pee it out. This kind of bladder pressure is what causes Bailey to sweat profusely and ball her eyes out and overall go into a screaming panicked fury in this story. 

Infections of the urinary tract, bladder and kidneys are one thing and they are painful enough, but if there is that much build up of urine in one's bladder, there is a risk of suffering from hydronephrosis where fluid can actually reverse back into the kidney and cause it to swell and if the hydronephrosis is severe enough, that person can experience kidney failure and would need to go on dialysis or would need a kidney transplant. You can see here that holding it like Bailey did here can have severe consequences on your health. Even though this is a fiction piece, for the reasons above I would never recommend anybody holding it to that severity and I would never want anyone to go through this kind of pain. I hope this helped. 


