Ugh, Monday’s

Author: Redboi

*000*2021-06-21 16:38

Hello again everyone, I am back again. I got a proposition for you people. I have decided that this week, I will be writing a series. This series will be 7 stories long, and will be written throughout this week, with the themes portraying to the current day of the week. So, if you have any suggestions or comments, just leave them down below. One thing to know though, is that I’ll be posting each story on a different topic, so make sure to check every day for the stories if you want to keep up. Alright, here we go.

Monday:

A presentation, a 6 hour long meeting, one long Monday. Elena knew that over her short lifetime of 21 years, this week right here would be her longest week ever, and she should prepare to buckle down. She looked in the mirror. Her figurine was pretty well established, especially with her dress shirt and skirt.

Elena was about to set out but suddenly her bladder cried out in agony, and she realized that she had forgotten to provide her bladder with the relief it needed. She headed back to her bathroom. She went up to her toilet and went to sit down on the toilet, but realized her panties were still on. She tried pulling them down, they wouldn’t budge. She tried pulling them to the side, nothing. She was running out of options. Out of nowhere, however, her bladder started willingly emptying its contents onto the floor. Elena immediately panicked and planted herself on the toilet, but for some reason, she couldn’t hear the patter of pee against the surface of the water. Instead she only heard the gushing sound of the pee hitting her panties. Then, she felt a cold tingly feeling spreading from her butt to her lower back. What was happening? Then, a ringing sound, getting louder and louder until.

Elena opened her eyes. She was in her bedroom. She started to stretch but immediately froze in place. She was peeing. She wanted to get out of bed but knew she wouldn’t control the flow and didn’t want to get her carpet wet. She just decided to sit there and let it happen. When she finished she examined her sheets. It was bad, a stain had expanded and taken up around half of her bed. Elena sighed. I haven’t wet the bed in since I was 16! I guess I did have a few drinks before I went to bed but, I can’t think about this, I have to get ready.

She had only about 15 minutes to get ready and knew she couldn’t waste time. After hopping in the shower and brushing her teeth Elena only had about 3 minutes for makeup. She decided to take everything with her to her car, not realizing at that time that her bladder was already quickly filling up once again.

“I welcome you to our annual board meeting ladies and gentlemen. Today we will be going over the overview of our new project: expansion.” Elena took her place next to her friend Susie. Susie and Elena were childhood besties and always did everything together. Susie always had that spice to her, which Elena always envied. Her bubbly personality is what made her a magnet for men, especially at flavorfull, their company. Often Elena could see men try to engage conversations with her and snap looks at her. They each smiled at each other as Elena set her materials up in her spot. As Elena herself sat down she felt a bulge in her bladder and grimaced, they might break in 2 hours, but it would be tough. This was going to be a long meeting.

…

*Ding ding ding* The man running the meeting looked up in mid sentence. “All right folks, we’re on a 5 minute break, so you can chill out, go to the restroom, get a drink, whatever.” Elena sighed in relief, she wouldn’t have to struggle anymore. She made her way to the bathroom to overhear a commotion. A ton of women were huddled up next to the women’s restroom. She approached to hear what felt like poison to her ears, “the bathrooms closed! What’re we going to do!”

Susie approached from behind her, “hey, what’s going on?” She looked concerned, not just for herself but when she saw her friends face.

Elena sighed, “the bathroom is broken apparently.” She quivered at the very thought of at least 4 more hours in there without a bathroom, and she was sure she wasn’t the only one. Her and Susie made their way back to the boardroom. Elena also came to another realization, her presentation of their new product was next. What was she going to do?

…

”Now, we will hear about our new energy product from miss Elena Rose.” The sudden shift in motion caused Elena’s bladder to pulsate. She made her way up to the stand.

”Our new product is called Gen A energy, it’s a energy drink that provides the necessary electrolytes to replenish and refuel both athletes and workers. It will be premiering tomorrow at 9pm in our new expansion ad.”

The director motioned over towards a bottle of the product. “Why don’t you try it for us Elena and tell us how it tastes.”

Elena reluctantly picked up the bottle. She took a sip, it was delicious. She nodded in satisfaction, her department had done a good job in producing this. This presentation was her big chance to get the recognition she needed. It was too bad this was ruined by the increasing chance of her wetting herself in the boardroom.

Elena received a round of applause as she made her way to her seat. She looked at the clock. Just three hours to go. She couldn’t do this. She knew she couldn’t last even one, but she had to try.

…

About an hour later that hope to survive the last three hours of the meeting was turning into a pipe dream. Elena was at her limit. She knew she had to distract herself, so she finally decided to listen to a presentation.

It was Susie presenting the statistics behind their product, and Elena could see the visible shaking of Susies legs behind the stand. She listened, “as of the makeup, 80% is liquid obtained from freshwater sources, 20% is made up of our specially customized liquid.”

What Elena saw next made her mouth go wide. Some droplets starting flowing down her friends legs, and then the sound of water running. Susie was peeing herself, on the stand! Thankfully no one was up there, so Elena was really the only person who noticed it at that moment. Then she had an idea, if no one could hear Susie, why hold on her pee? She released her bladder.

Unlike Susie, who eased into her pee, Elena’s pee came out like a gunshot, saturating her panties and staining the ground below her. The director took notice to it, and noticed the puddle below Susie’s feet when he walked up to the stand. “What’s going on here! What is happening, and what’s with these noises. This meeting will officially end here. Susie, I want to see you in my office.”

Elena had just finished her pee when Susie and her boss went into his office. She decided to go up to the door. While doing so some people gave her some weird looks as she passed by them. She went up and tried to make out what they were saying.

”Susie Till, for both distracting our fellow workers and disgracing the workplace with your foul behavior, I hereby release you of your duties.” Elena expected to hear a retort, but heard none, and decided to jump in there herself.

She opened up the door and looked her boss dead in the eye. “That’s not fair, she’s done so much for you! The damn bathroom was broken, what’d you expect her to do? Look” she showed him her skirt, “I pissed myself too, and I’m sure we aren’t the only two, you just targeted her because she was presenting!”

He looked at her and shunned her off, “if you want to support your friend, you can go too. You’re fired.”

Those two words were like two separate bullets, one to the skull and one to the chest. Tears started to flow from her eyes.

Susie grabbed her arm, “let’s just go.”

Susie led Elena out to the parking lot and to her car. Elena was still crying. Susie slapped her on the cheek.

”Bitch, stop feeling bad for yourself, it was a shitty job anyway. That guy was always a dickhead and we were getting fired eventually.” Susie put her arm around her friends shoulder.

Elena was able to get control of herself, “thanks Susie, I needed that, but I have another issue.”

Susie looked at her with a puzzled look.

Elena chuckled, “I need to pee again.”

The two burst out laughing as they sat there and looked towards their new dilemma: unemployment.

