The Line of Desperate Women Teachers

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2018-07-11 23:32

Chapter 1

Mrs. Clemens ran into the school at the start of the day. She tossed her empty coffee into the garbage can. Having forgotten to use the bathroom before leaving home, and then guzzling down her coffee only worsened things. Her bladder felt hard and heavy, aching so bad she almost just wanted to pee her pants right there. She ran up to the bathroom, a one person’s room, there was one for ladies and one for men, and she shoved her key in and tried to turn, but no good. Sweating, shaking, she knocked on the door fast and with force.

“Um, um, are you almost done in there?” asked the desperate thirty-year-old.

“In a minute.”

With her bag hanging over her arm, Mrs. Clemens kept her legs tight together as her feet paced back and forth. She saw a couple student walked by and giggled. Embarrassing. She pushed her hands up against her crotch and crossed her legs. She felt herself losing control, her eye widening, the pain so bad. The pee inside slowly moving through her crotch, trying to push the cracks of her crotch opened and flood her underwear and pants. “No, no, no, no!” she freaked out.

She was about to knock again when the door opened, and Mrs. Clemens ran in, unbuttoning her pants, pulling them and her white panties down, and spreading her legs as she sat on that toilet. “Ahhhhhhhhhh!” she said peacefully as her bladder deflated. A loud stream shot out of her, splashing the toilet water sending drops at her ass that were cold. The sweet relief as she sat down letting it all out, avoding a major accident. After a minute, she flushed, got her pants back up, washed her hands and went to her class to start the day.

Mrs. Michaud was a tall woman. Amazon lady-like tall. Her long, muscular legs made her 40-year-old body still seem like early thirties, late twenties and a ten on the hottie scale. Her blonde hair was wrapped in a long ponytail, and she wore black nylons over her tall legs, with a dark red short skirt over it. Her torso was covered by a tight black sweater. It was only the beginning of May, and a good two months of school left. The sun blazed onto the high school making teachers and students like Michaud sweat.

“Jesus,” she said, wiping the sweat off her forehead. She guzzled a large portion of her big water bottle and her throat expanded and gulped as it all went into her body.

Across the hall Ms. Lee, who was getting married at the end of the school year. She was a thin, hot blonde in her mid-twenties. Her blonde hair lased over her shoulders as a tight gray top stretched over her boobs. Her black jacket was more for show than need, since it was so hot, she wish she had not worn it. Her tight black jeans showed off her sexy crotch and ass and cut off at the ankles where she wore brown heels. Her XL Ice Coffee from the donut shop this morning both perked her up and cooled her off.

Mrs. Clemens, although her marriage seemed on the rocks lately, she remained optimistic. After all despite a tiny bit of chubby around the hips and legs, those tight blue jeans, white t-shirt with a black sweater tight over it showed off her classy, figure. Her short brown hair hung over her ears, and she wore brown shoes that had the back cut off which allowed people to see her white socks. She sat with her feet up on her desk, ankles crossed, and read aloud to her students from the poem they were reviewing.

“And to the wind, comes the night, let the rivers flow and-,” just then, Mrs. Clemens was cut off by a slight tingling in her lower body. A familiar pressure. Not even close to bad. But a slight annoyance as she felt it push up again here and there. Perhaps she should not have had her morning coffee so fast and guzzled down that can of cola from the teacher’s break room vending machine. She whistled quietly to herself as a student read on.

The first bell of the day rang, and classes ended. Everyone headed out. Mrs. Tuley, a physics teacher, had her class on the other side of the school today as most of the rooms on the other side of the school was being renovated. Construction left holes in the walls, power lines turned off, and the plumbing exposed. Some classrooms were still opened, but it was still a hassle for some.

Mrs. Tuley dismissed her class, and thank the heavens the teacher’s lavatory was right next to the computer lab. She unlocked it with her designated key, and went in to do her business.

Down the hall came Mrs. Clemens, her nice ass shaking back and forth. For thirty-years-old, she still looked pretty good. She stuck her key in the teacher’s lavatory door, tried to turn it, but it felt like it did not move. She grabbed the handle and tried turning it, but no good. She tried harder turning the key, but nothing. She knocked, and heard from the inside, “Occupied.”

Mrs. Clemens sighed as she stood against the wall across from the bathroom. Her hands in her pockets, whistling quietly. The remaining of her morning coffee that had not made it out this morning since it had not reached her bladder yet, mixed with the digested cola. Such a hot day. She walked over to the drinking fountain and took a long sip. She saw Mrs. Michaud and Ms. Lee walking towards the bathroom so she hurried back so she could remain in front.

Michaud was right behind her, Lee at the end, and each motioned their hips back and forth as they waited for the toilet….

To be continued…

*003*2018-07-14 10:09

Chapter 2

Mrs. Clemens continued to lean against the wall, hands in pockets, annoyed and sad look on her face as like most women, she was forced to wait for a bathroom that never had enough toilets. Her arms tightened up against her side and she bounced for a few seconds to shake off the twitch in her bladder that kept popping up. They had all been waiting a few minutes.

Mrs. Michaud's high heels clicked on the ground loudly as her foot tapped. She felt the pressure in her bladder in just a few minutes grow from a "ok, I gotta go!" moderate discomfort, to "ok, I need to go kind of bad now." Her long, muscular legs in those dark nylons squeezed together tight. Her dark pink panties pushed up against her crotch as she tipped her head back and forth to try and forget about it all.

Ms. Lee, the youngest out of all these sexy teachers, had her arms wrapped around herself, lowered around her abdomen. On foot of her's stood on the tips of the toes as she waited impatiently at the end of the line for the bathroom. And sweet relief. "How long has it been?"

Mrs. Clemens looked at her coworker and then her watch. "Mmm, about four minutes."

Ms. Lee bounced. "Oh, come on. The bell is going to ring soon, and I'm not even gonna get to go."

"It does suck," Clemens said, keeping her arms and legs tight together as hearing the possibility of having to wait another period would send her into desperation. She walked up to the door and knocked. "Ok, we have like three people out here. Are you almost done? The bell's going to ring soon, and then we have to rush back to class."

Michaud and Lee looked so sad, knowing they were doomed to hold it another period.

Just then, the bathroom door opened shortly after a flush, and as one teacher left, Clemens smiled and was about to walk in, seeing the beautiful toilet, and then DING! DING! DING! "Bitch!" Clemens said quietly to herself. She slammed the door shut as she saw students line outside her classroom door. She looked to the other two teachers, knowing this was going to be a long day.

TO BE CONTINUED...

*006*2018-07-14 19:16

{{2 hours ago, myaso2005 said:

I don't want to be rude and it always great to get new stories from you, but what about the previous ones that you're yet to finish (or at least to publish the ending chapters)? I mean the one at Funeral and at Hardware shop.

}}

Hardware store will get done eventually when I feel into it. The funeral I’m working on. I’ll finish it when I want to

*007*2018-07-16 17:54

CHAPTER 3

"Ohhhh!" Mrs. Clemens moaned. She had sat in that class for half and hour after having been so close to the toilet. She hands on the clocked ticked by so slowly. She pushed her hands into her crotch, feeling pulses making it hard to sit still. Sweat fell from the back of her neck as she frowned as she only became more uncomfortable.

Not far away Ms. Lee had her legs crossed tight. She told her kids to just read chapters that she neglected to mention weren't even on topics they would ever discuss. Her foot shook with that sexy high heel on, the leg that dangled over the other. Tightened up against her crotch, she held her belly. Things were getting very desperate for the young teacher. She dialed Mr. Florda on the phone to ask if he could come watch her class for a little while she went to the bathroom. "I really have to go, and didn't get a chance during the break. Do you think you could come up here? I'll thank you later." She said in a flirt-like tone.

"Be there in a few," he said. Seconds turned into minutes, and minutes turned into tens of minutes and soon the hour passed and Mr. Florda never showed up. She called again before the bell rung and he said, "Sorry, got busy with something."

Ms. Lee bounced up and down in agony in her seat as the constant pulses of pressure in her bladder started to become painful, literally!

She hurried over to the restroom. Mrs. Michaud's loud heels clapped on the ground as she tried to speed by Ms. Lee. One toilet, only one could go. They ran by Mrs. Clemen's room as she locked-up. "Oh no," she thought, seeing the two blonde teachers as they dashed for her relief as well. Mrs. Clemens hurried along, keeping her legs squeezed tight.

All Three teachers reached the bathroom door at the same time and tried to shove their keys in at the same time. "Me first!" and "No, me next!" they yelled. Each key stabbed at the other as the tried to budge in past the others. Each of the three, hot, female teacher very desperate for a pee indeed. A much needed pee indeed.

Mrs. Clemens slapped their hands away. "I was next before!"

"That's over, I'm older, me first!" Mrs. Michaud said.

"Oh come on, come on!" cried Ms. Lee, in so much discomfort, pain and humiliation as students walked by and giggled at the fidgeting teachers. Ms. Lee had to step back and cross her legs as she felt herself on the verge of losing control.

Mrs. Michaud had it. She was bigger and stronger. She pushed her whole body against Mrs. Clemens and got her out of the way. Quickly, Mrs. Michaud unlocked that door as her legs squeezed together, then apart,then together again, over and over together and apart as she unlocked the bathroom. "Eeeeee!" Michaud moaned. "Gotta go, gotta go!" She unlocked the bathroom, ran in and shut the door. "Gotta go, gotta go, gotta go!"

"No!" Mrs. Clemens said, as she knocked on the door and wrestled with the handle, unable to accept she lost. Alas, she had. She stood back with the dancing Ms. Lee who hopped foot-to-foot as she took off her black jacket. All she had on was a tight gray tank top that only became tighter as her sweat made her nipples erect from the hormonic rage and desperation as well.

Mrs. Michaud pulled down her nylons and skirt, her long, tan legs crouched as she sat on the toilet, spread them apart, and let out a long, relaxing pee. "Oooooooooooooh yeeeeaaaahhhhh!" she said so calm. Relief came as her bladder and belly deflated and filled the toilet so full and so fast. The stream so powerful it could be be heard by Clemens and Lee who squirmed from the desperation and sweated from it as well. Things were getting serious for those two as pee kept coming out of Michaud. She smiled in grace as the stream finally died down, and flushed, washed her hands, and then DING! DING! DING!

"Shit!" Clemens and Lee both freaked out, Lee more in tears. Time for class again.

To be continued...

*010*2018-07-17 16:28

I plan to. I don’t know but I love school teacher desperation

