Indian Girls Exam Nightmare

Author: Rahul999

*000*2023-08-17 18:29

Hello everyone. This is my first attempt to write an story in English. Its an imaginary story, so let me know your thoughts.

......

Hi, I am Suparna from India. I am currently in the final year of the MBBS ( Doctor graduation course for Westerners ) course in the prestigious college in our country. This incident happened to me during my last final practical exam.

For some context, the practical exam for mbbs is an extremely drawn out process. It starts in the morning with identification of some body parts relevant to the subject, then actually cutting into cadaver ( preserved dead bodies) to find out body parts, perform some procedures, and ends with viva. And this process goes for the whole day.

At the Start of my final practical exam, I was wearing a pretty normal top, normal innerwear and a skin colour slaxx, I wanted to be comfortable for the upcoming day. I had my food, and hydrated myself, and went to the exam lab at 10am in the morning.

All the procedures till viva took 3pm in the afternoon. And after that, I went to the line for viva. In the viva line, I am last in our batch ( the line order is alphabetical), so I was waiting at the end of the line, there were like 15 students before me. I brought out my notes, and started revising before the viva ( it is allowed ). During that, I had a little urge to pee, but I ignored it and focused on studying. I was super nervous about the viva, because the professor who was taking it was very senior surgeon. So I tried to ignore my urge, and concentrated. After nearly 40 mins, my turn came. I left my bag outside, and entered the room.

The professor was sitting on the desk, kinda ready to leave as I was the last student. I stood in the middle of the room, and he asked me to come to the desk and sign the attendance sheet.

After that, he said " Ok suparna right? Let's get this over with ..." And started asking me question related to the course, which I don't want to bore the readers with. But the gist was, they were hard, it was like he wanted to ask hard questions to end the session quickly.

I could barely answer the first 2 questions, stumbled on the third one.. but 4,5,6 questions were totally clueless to me.. i was just fumbling... At that moment, due to the sheer nervousness, my urge to pee suddenly came back with 10 fold intensity. My bladder was full,and started hurting... I crossed my leg while facing the seventh question, which also I didn't knew the full answer. On the 9th question, i was bursting, both in pressure and shame of not being able to answer anything.

Then came the 10th question, the question which I knew the answer, I tried to collect my thought, and tried to give the answer, but I realised what happened.

In the second of concentration loss, my bladder gave up on me, and piss started rolling down, making a dark spot in my skin colour slaxx.... In front of this well known surgeon, I suddenly did not know what to do, covered my face, while I peed completely infront of him.. after 10 seconds of silence, the professor started laughing " you are such a nervous child, do you really think you can become a doctor in this situation? Tell me should I even pass you? " I was shut off my brain, nothing came to my mind,

I just embarrassed myself in front of the surgeon, and now I might possibly fail the exam. I was stupendous... The professor said " Tell me should I pass you? U reek if piss now."

I had some courage to say " Yes sir, I need to pass, my parents are believing in me."

.......

I will tell the overly sexualise fantasy only someone comments that its okay to continue. Let me know the opinion. Thank you.

*003*2023-08-22 03:03

Ok I will... I have idea of many stories, I will increase the desperation description

*005*2023-08-26 20:28

{{On 8/24/2023 at 2:19 PM, vvvvggfytdshgg said:

Well, I'm from India and I would say that it was a really good attempt. Hope the desperation part was a little longer (for example she's holding her crotch or she's constantly letting out some drops in her pants or anything like that). But still that was really good! Hope you continue writing stories like this.

}}

This is my first attempt. I will try to extend those in my next story.

