Dariana's Coronation Ball

Author: rona148

*000*2026-01-27 00:35

It was hot in the ballroom where the post-coronation gala was being held, and Queen Dariana hadn't had time to remove the ceremonial clothing underneath before the much wider skirt she'd be wearing to the gala was placed over her head. The ceremonial pants were thick with embroidery and layers of fabric, perfect for the drafty throne room but very sweaty in the crowded ballroom. So she'd already been thirsty; and on a day when everyone had a particular interest in being seen to congratulate her, a lot of drinks had been pressed into her hand. Thankfully, few enough of them had been alcoholic that she still had her wits about her, but she only realized it might be a problem to drink so much liquid once she was already in a bit of a situation.

The Duke of Arling was finishing some long story about his grandfather and a pack mule, of all things, and Dariana was glad for her years of practice smiling and nodding. She could respond to such an inane conversation on complete autopilot while, under the wide skirt, she squeezed her legs together, praying for relief from the pressure on her bladder, knowing she wouldn't get it. As the Duke moved on to rambling congratulations, she thanked him profusely, pressing her legs together even harder as her bladder twinged.

Really, she had more freedom than it seemed. It wasn't often she wore a skirt so wide that nothing of her stance underneath it could be discerned. Ordinarily, she wouldn't go farther than standing even a little awkwardly in a room crowded with so many important people, but as the Duke of Arling was replaced by Princess Seline, Dariana actually shifted so that she could cross her legs completely over each other. Surely it wouldn't be obvious, with the skirt so far from her body; she wanted to blush at showing such vulnerability, but she was used to keeping her reactions under a tight lid. Nobody could see. It would not embarrass her so long as nobody noticed.

As Seline started speaking, Dariana wished they'd spoken earlier in the night. Seline liked to ask the sort of questions that required intelligence to answer without painting oneself into a corner. Ordinarily, Dariana could make short work of her, but right now, half of her mind was occupied thinking of how nice it would feel to let go, with another third focused on squeezing her legs together and shifting back and forth to do everything she could to stop that from happening. That left some fraction she didn't want to calculate for dealing with Seline, and it wasn't quite enough. Seline asked about her upcoming plans just as Dariana could tell she was on the absolute verge of disaster, and her answer was so distracted as she frantically clenched her thighs that Seline gave the kind of simpering smile that she usually reserved for small children and idiots. "Poor thing," said Seline, "you must be overwhelmed. I'll get you a drink."

Dariana almost yelled "no!" but caught herself just in time. She'd have to take the drink, take a few sips at least, then maybe feed it to her least favorite potted plant if she was lucky.

But, really, she was running out of luck. She wished it wouldn't be obvious to put her hand in the skirt and jam it between her legs, but, as nice as that sounded, it would make her problem quite obvious to the whole ballroom, and what kind of way would that be to end a coronation? And of course she could not leave the room. Not for another hour, when they'd all toast her and she'd be off to bed. But—and she did not want to admit this to herself, but it was true—she might not make it another hour.

Seline returned with the drink and left with another wicked smile. Dariana took the barest sip—it was sweet and bubbly—and winced as her bladder twinged once again. She was not, she was not going to wet herself in front of everyone she'd care about impressing for the rest of her life. But right now she really wasn't sure how she was going to manage it.

"Your Majesty," she heard, and turned to see a count whose name she could not recall beckoning her over. That meant walking, which meant uncrossing her legs, didn't it. But it was her duty tonight. So, as gingerly as she could manage, she uncrossed her legs and started to walk at what she hoped was a reasonable pace with her legs still pressed together. It was a little jolt to her bladder every time she took a step. She kept her face perfectly smooth as her bladder screamed for relief.

Then, when she'd made it most of the way to the count, she felt a spasm that was a little too strong, and a tiny spurt of hot liquid went right into the ceremonial pants. She stopped with a little gasp and recrossed her legs, squeezing as tight as she could until she stopped—oh god, this was really happening, wasn't it—she stopped pissing herself on the night of her coronation.

Count Whats-His-Name was next to her now, his face creased with concern, possibly even genuine. "Your Majesty! Are you all right?"

She kept her legs crossed, evaluating the situation. There was enough wetness trapped in the ceremonial pants that it was really, really tempting to let out some more, but that was the thing that she was absolutely not going to do right now. It was still very warm. There was, as before, no way out. "I tripped," she blurted, "my apologies. So glad you're here." She let the count take her arm and congratulate her in a rambling monologue where he seemed to mostly want to extol the virtues of his son of marriageable age. Easy to deal with. Dariana's tongue ran on autopilot.

She was determined to not move again, since that had been the problem before, but even with her legs quite thoroughly crossed, her bladder would not quiet down. She took one more sip of Seline's drink and regretted it immediately; she leaked into her pants again, for nearly a full second this time. Now she couldn't really stop herself from blushing, or from looking, she imagined, quite worried. The count frowned, made his excuses, and bowed himself out.

A moment alone was a moment Dariana could use to think and plan, but she did not really see any alternative to pissing herself quite thoroughly in front of what must have been two hundred people, all there to greet her. She imagined running out of the room with a hand pressed between her legs—but surely at this point, that wouldn't help. She wouldn't make it halfway out of the ballroom before the worst happened anyway. What was left? Pissing herself openly, making a statement of it? No, that would be far worse. And this was not the kind of night where she could sneak outside for a moment. No—ugh, and with every moment she spent thinking, she needed to go more urgently.

The wetness in her pants was cooling now, but, she noticed with a burst of hope, it hadn't really moved. The pants were, after all, quite thick. She'd seen the layers and layers of padding as the priests explained the symbolism of each one. And—while it was surely blasphemous to sully the pants, even as much as she'd already done—well, it seemed like that was going to be happening anyway. She'd have a lot of explaining to do to the priests, but right now that really didn't seem like the worst of her options.

So Dariana actually— 

Almost not believing she was really doing it—

Let herself piss into the ceremonial pants on purpose, for just a brief blissful moment. Fuck. She'd imagined it would be harder to convince herself to go, but she was so full to bursting that it was almost too easy; it was much harder to stop, and she pissed for a few more seconds than she'd intended before she managed to cut off the flow. She hadn't imagined it could feel so, so good to piss herself, to feel the hot liquid fill her clothes and get the release she needed so badly, just for a moment.

It wasn't enough; it really wasn't. She was still bursting to go. But she needed patience. She needed to make sure that the pants were really up to the task.

Had she let the bliss show on her face? Surely not. Surely she had better control than that. But it had felt so, so wonderful that there was no way of knowing. And had there been a sound? Dariana wished she had someone trusted at her side, who could help with such things, but she did not. She'd have to manage.

She kept her legs crossed under the skirt, because she still really needed to, although between them it was much wetter now, and cooling down quickly.

The Duchess of Argha approached her next. Dariana kept her regal smile on as the Duchess greeted her effusively. The woman was a complete toady. What would she say if she knew she was sucking up to a woman who was more or less in the middle of pissing herself? God, what an embarrassment. But Dariana had kept a smile on through worse, so she did. She murmured polite responses to the Duchess' flattery and kept her legs crossed. Was it obvious in her stance, what she was doing? The Duchess, at least, did not seem to notice. With a final bid for approval, which Dariana politely pushed aside, she curtseyed and took her leave.

In the next few seconds, Dariana reevaluated. There was a lot of liquid in the pants, now; even so, her need was becoming urgent again. She didn't feel wetness anywhere south of her upper thighs. The padding did seem to be holding up. She knew she would be prone to motivated reasoning right now—somewhat similar to being drunk, most likely, or attracted to the wrong man at the wrong time, both bad states in which to make a decision—but she couldn't not be; here she was, in a situation that was not going to change. And it really did seem like the wisest decision right now was to let go. It would free up her mind to do the work she needed to be doing tonight, and her body to easier motion. The ceremonial pants—the very expensive and finely made and sacred ceremonial pants, dammit—would do the job she needed them to do. Or so she hoped.

So, while Dariana spoke to a pair of twins, a prince-heir and his five-minutes-younger brother, she pissed herself on purpose, in a ballroom filled with the two hundred most important people of the kingdom. She meant to do it slowly, she really did, but once she let go a little bit, she just couldn't stop. It was actually a lot more liquid than she'd realized she could have in her bladder, and amidst the overwhelming bliss she realized with alarm that she might have miscalculated. But it was too late. 

She could not stop. She pissed into her pants for what must have been a full half minute, squirming with ecstasy under the massive skirt, hoping that the little hissing sound she could hear was not noticeable and that the pants would be enough. When she pressed her legs together then, there was a quiet yet audible squish. She froze and pulled them apart gingerly. God, it was so wet and so warm. Who could've known she could hold so much liquid? And, she realized, she'd have to sit in her piss for the rest of the night.

And she was still holding Seline's drink, and the twin-who-wasn't-actually-a-prince was about to get her another.

She checked the clock. Forty-five minutes. Surely she could make it.

She took a big gulp of Seline's drink and walked—or shuffled—or maybe waddled in her piss-soaked pants to the next conversation.

Dariana's pants cooled rapidly. Over the next fifteen minutes, she realized with mounting horror that the wetness was, actually, migrating farther downwards, until it almost reached her ankles. And the five more drinks she'd been given meant that it wasn't a relief for very long.

But it is easier to do something difficult the second time. So, at the toast, which was delayed to a whole ten minutes after midnight, Dariana used the loud cheer to drown out the sound of her deliberately pissing herself, again, into the already-soaked ceremonial pants. It was necessary, she'd reasoned, to make it out of the room at a reasonable pace.

But it was a little too much. As she made her way through the crowd, nodding to anyone who bowed, she felt a little drip down by her left ankle, then one by her right.

She walked faster, making sure to stop briefly by a particularly wine-sodden old duke. As she passed him, she heard his attendant exclaim: "My lord, why don't we get you home?"

And then she was in the corridors of her new quarters, where the guests could not go, and she sagged with relief, but it wasn't over quite yet. In this hallway she was alone, but in the chapel by her bedroom a priest was waiting to reclaim the garments, with two servants to help her undress. There was starting to be a bit of a noticeable smell; as the servants lifted the skirt off, she realized she'd actually wet through to the outside of the pants and ruined some of the dye work. The smell was much more obvious now.

The priest looked utterly baffled and more than a little offended. "Your… Majesty?"

And now her cheeks were flaming completely, and she could not stifle a groan of embarrassment. "I'm sorry," she said quietly, and knew that it was not enough. But—priests swore to confidentiality, didn't they. She'd done it. The night was over.

