Girlfriend and Desperation - A Kanojo Okarishimasu Story

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2020-10-07 01:09

Another commission by daveshuyi! This is a Kanojo, Okarishimasu story set during the episode where they go to the beach. I noticed that Mizuhara goes to use the bathroom, but is immediately roped into Kazuya and his friend's antics. Obviously it was just a framing device to get her and Kazuya's friends together for the comedy, but she never did actually get to use the restroom. We decided on a plot that follows the events of the episode, but where Mizuhara is forced to hold it in the whole time.

Chizuru Ichinose let out an irritated sigh as she stepped through the doors of the convenience store. It was bad enough that her friends had dragged her to a beach trip today, on one of her only days off, but their group just had to run into Kazuya and his friend group too. The last thing she wanted was to get wrapped up in their antics and have them realize that she was Kazuya’s “girlfriend”, Mizuhara.

It’ll be fine. I’ll just keep my distance and they shouldn’t figure it out. I started as a rental girlfriend for the acting practice anyway.

Ichinose made a beeline for the convenience store’s restroom, and opened the door.

“Oh, sorry, I didn’t lock-”

She initially froze up, worried she was about to walk in on someone using the toilet, but instead she saw Kazuya staring back at her, wide-eyed. She closed the door, but a split-second later he opened it and dragged her inside.

“W-what are you doing?” she demanded.

“What are you doing here in Shimoda!?” Kazuya asked in a panicked voice.

“I could ask you the same thing! My friends wanted to go to the beach, so they dragged me here. I didn’t expect to run into you.”

“R-right.”

Mizuhara shifted uncomfortably. After all, she hadn’t come in here to talk to Kazuya. She wasn’t desperate, per se, but she hadn’t gone since this morning. She was definitely feeling uncomfortably full. She rubbed her thighs together as she waited for Kazuya to continue the conversation or leave.

“Hey, listen,” Kazuya scratched the side of his face, “Why did you say ‘I’ll be here if you need me’ back then?”

“There wasn’t anything behind it. You seemed down, so I was saying it’s fine if you want to rent me to cope with your breakup.”

Get the message! There’s nothing between us, so leave so I can use the toilet.

“T-that’s good, because actually me and Mami are getting on pretty well again. We might actually get back together, so I was kind of worried you might get upset if we started dating again.”

Ichinose clenched her jaw, remembering how Mami had insulted him the other night. It seemed a far cry from getting on well. However, the more important part here was that Kazuya still hadn’t gotten it in his head that they weren’t actually dating. She glared at him frigidly before turning around to leave.

“W-wait!” Kazuya called after her.

Stop holding me up, I have to pee!

“Listen, you’re overthinking things too much! I’m a rental girlfriend, and you’re my customer! There’s nothing between us! I was acting nice to you because I felt sorry for you! I can’t believe you dragged me in here just to tell me you’re getting back together with your ex!”

“Okay, sorry, I just-!”

“Kazu-kun?” A voice called from outside, “Is that you?”

Kazuya and Ichinose panicked and quieted up. Ichinose motioned urgently for Kazuya to get out there and address his ex. He stepped out and she listened to him trying to talk his way out of having a conversation in a supposedly empty restroom, but there was pretty much only one thing that she could do now.

She undressed down to the bikini she was wearing underneath her outfit, let down her hair, removed her glasses, and applied the thin but effective layer of makeup it took to transform her from Chizuru Ichinose into Chizuru Mizuhara.

She turned around and briefly considered using the toilet quickly, but Kazuya was already getting into trouble. As long as she didn’t get roped into his shenanigans, she should be able to slip back in relatively quickly and use the restroom before changing back and picking up the stuff her friends asked her to buy.

Mizuhara exited the restroom, and immediately got caught up in Kazuya’s friend’s shenanigans.

Somehow, she found herself getting roped into joining them at the beach. Not only was she forced to leave her stuff behind, but she found herself following them all out of the convenience store with her bladder still uncomfortably full. She trailed behind them and placed a hand on her abdomen.

I really want to go, but they all saw me step out of the restroom! It’s already bad enough they saw me and Kazuya coming out of the same restroom together. If I admit I didn’t go, they’ll assume me and him were doing other things in there together! Why did he have to say I was free?

Mizuhara found herself sitting at the folding table Kazuya and his friends had set up. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see her other friends waiting patiently for her to return, not having any idea she had been dragged into a different group altogether. A pang of guilt hit her, but more pressing was the twinge she felt in her full bladder. She shuffled her legs under the table, pressing her bare thighs together as she tried to take her focus off the pressure.

“So, you’re from Shimoda, then?” one of Kazuya’s friends asked.

“Oh, really?” another asked, smiling, “Do you know any nice places?”

Mizuhara was caught off-guard. She wasn’t actually from Shimoda, that had been one of the many lies Kazuya had come up with without using his brain, and now she was the one put on the spot.

“O-oh, she was actually really sheltered growing up!” Kazuya jumped in, trying to cover for her.

Mizuhara glared at him, but he didn’t seem to get the message.

“How did you two meet anyway?”

“W-well,” Kazuya began, “I hit on her in Shibuya and she seemed to fall for me!”

“Oh wow, I wouldn’t expect you to fall for something like that, especially not with a sorry sap like Kazuya!”

Mizuhara pinched at Kazuya’s leg in irritation, and before he could make the situation any worse, he spouted some lame excuse and headed towards the water.

I can’t believe he ran away and left me here with his friends! I’m stuck here needing to pee because of him and he just heads off like it’s no big deal!

Mizuhara briefly considered following him out to have a serious conversation with him, but that would look suspicious. Besides, the last thing she wanted to do was get closer to the water. It was bad enough she could hear the waves from here. The constant background noise of splashing water as the tide rolled in was doing very little to help her situation. She crossed her legs underneath the table and tried to keep her fidgeting to a minimum.

I haven’t gone since this morning, and it’s getting pretty bad. I really should think about slipping away to use the restroom soon.

“Say, Mizuhara-san,” Mami smiled at her, holding out a bottle of soda, “You look like you’re warm. Have a nice drink to cool down!”

“Oh, no, that’s fine, thank you!” Mizuhara declined politely.

My bladder’s already so full, the last thing I need is to make it worse!

“That’s no good, you should be sure to stay hydrated on a hot day like today!”

Mizuhara was about to decline again, but actually she was thirsty. She hadn’t noticed until now, but her mouth was dry and it was really hot out. She didn’t want to make her situation worse by drinking, but it would be even worse in the long run if she collapsed from dehydration.

“R-right, thank you,” Mizuhara smiled, trying to hide her discomfort as she took the drink and took a few swigs. It was refreshing, but her bladder spasmed in protest, as if it knew the liquid would be making its way down to it sooner rather than later.

Mizuhara shifted uncomfortably in her seat and slipped a hand down, grabbing herself as discreetly as possible. She waited for the wave to pass, then removed her hand before anyone could catch her. She was definitely getting desperate at this point, and as she placed a hand on her abdomen, she could feel a slight bulge.

“Sorry, guys, I need to use the restroom, please excuse me!” Mami smiled, standing up and heading off. As she turned to leave, she flashed a smile to Mizuhara, and Mizuhara briefly wondered if she had noticed her desperation.

Was she teasing me? Did she figure out I have to pee? Is that why she offered me the drink?

Either way, to hear the words she herself desperately wanted to say coming from someone else filled Mizuhara with envy. She seriously considered using the opportunity to accompany Mami to the restroom.

I want to, but I can’t. It’s barely been an hour since they all saw me leave the bathroom. It’ll raise some suspicions.

She shuffled her legs under the table and slipped a hand down to briefly squeeze herself again. She tried to tune into the friendly chatter between Kazuya’s friends, but it was hard for her to focus. Worse still, she was still thirsty, and forced to take regular sips from the drink Mami had handed her. Every time she did, her bladder would send signals of its fullness. Short of being able to just go to the restroom right away, all Mizuhara wanted to do was to hold herself openly without worrying about being noticed.

“We’re back~!”

Mami came back, with Kazuya in tow. His face was beet red and he was acting flustered, and since they had come back together, Mizuhara was instantly suspicious that something had happened between them.

“Hey, with you guys back, we should have enough people, let’s play a game!” One of Kazuya’s friends, Kibe, pulled out a deck of cards and began shuffling, “Who’s in?”

As the game began, Mizuhara caught Mami glancing at her, smiling wryly. She then looked over at Kazuya, who refused to meet her gaze, and was instead casting occasional glances Mami’s way.

Whatever. It’s not like it’s any of my business. Kazuya’s just a customer, so why should I care if he gets back together with some manipulative bitch?

Mizuhara had thought that, but the idea of Kazuya getting back together with someone like Mami did unsettle her a little. Mami was doing nothing more than taking advantage of his genuine feelings for her. It was infuriating.

“Ah, I’m getting a call, please excuse me!”

Kazuya got up from the table to take the call, and Mizuhara’s bladder reasserted itself. She crossed her legs under the table and shifted her weight, leaning back to try to take some pressure off her abdomen.

Suddenly, her bladder sent a hard wave of desperation rushing up her body, and she leaked a little before managing to wrestle control back. She clamped her thighs together tightly and grabbed herself under the table as she desperately tried to maintain her composure from the waist up.

That’s it, I can’t hold it anymore! I have to pee right now! I need to excuse myself and use the restroom.

“While he’s gone, I’m going to head back to the convenience store for some drinks,” Mizuhara smiled. She braced herself before standing up, trying to maintain as much composure as possible even as her bladder screamed at her for relief.

“Oh, but I already got more drinks,” Mami replied, smiling as she held up a fresh bag filled with ice-cold bottles, “Here, if you’re thirsty, take one!”

“O-oh, thank you!” Mizuhara put on a false smile as she grabbed another drink. She sat down again and took an unwanted sip, shuffling in her seat. She tried to make it look like she was just getting comfortable, but in reality it was all she could do not to leak again.

T-this is bad! I should’ve just admitted I had to go!

Out of the corner of her eye, Mizuhara saw Mami flash her a knowing smile, and all doubts about whether Mami knew she was desperate vanished. She was definitely doing this on purpose.

“Sorry about that guys,” Kazuya returned, apologizing, “I thought it was something serious, but it was nothing.”

With Kazuya back, the card game resumed, and Mizuhara tried to use it to distract herself from her mounting desperation. Unfortunately that was getting harder and harder for her to do. She could see a visible bulge where her over-full bladder was on full display in her bikini, and for once she was grateful that most of Kazuya’s friends were perverts who were too busy ogling her breasts to notice. She shuffled restlessly, reaching the point where she couldn’t sit still.

This is bad. I’m reaching my limit here!

Mizuhara resolved to excuse herself properly. At worst, if anyone brought it up, she could just tell them she wasn’t feeling well. However, when she looked up, there people were looking at her expectantly. Apparently she had just been asked a question.

“Huh?” she asked.

“I asked if we could all come down to visit your home here in Shimoda,” one of the other girls in Kazuya’s friend group mentioned.

“O-oh, well-”

“A-actually,” Kazuya stepped in, “Me and Mizuhara were talking. We were thinking about breaking up, actually…”

You idiot! Why now!? I’m glad you’re coming clean, but I was just about to go excuse myself so I can finally pee!

“Oh, why’s that?”

“Well, you know, we were just feeling kinda gloomy and-”

Before Mizuhara could react, Kibe decked Kazuya as hard as he could.

“What the hell do you think you’re doing, you piece of shit!” Kibe yelled.

Kazuya punched Kibe back, and the situation quickly escalated. Apparently, Kibe had noticed Kazuya’s behavior around Mami, and was upset because he thought Kazuya was two-timing. Ordinarily, Mizuhara would have stepped in, but in her current state, she was doing all she could to hold it in.

Why is this happening now? My bladder’s so full! I want to pee already!

“Mizuhara-san, I think it’d be best if you left,” one of Kazuya’s other friends spoke up, even as the situation was calming down.

“Y-yeah,” Mizuhara nodded. She felt bad, but right now all she cared about was peeing. She stood up and made a hasty beeline for the convenience store where she had left her stuff, but then she noticed Kazuya storm off too in the same direction as her.

Don’t follow me now! We can talk about this later!

Despite saying that, Mizuhara stopped, squeezing her thighs together and bracing herself for a conversation even as her overtaxed bladder screamed at her to prioritize relief. She could barely focus during the conversation. Apparently the call had been from Kazuya’s grandmother, and with her getting released from the hospital, it would be too hard to have them keep up the facade of their relationship anyway.

“Well, coming clean is the first part of growing past this and doing the right thing. They just reacted like that because they don’t know the whole situation.”

“It must’ve really sucked, having to pretend to be the girlfriend of a shithead like me,” Kazuya scratched the back of his head.

I should agree. You have no idea the hell you’ve put me through. Even now, I’m standing here on the verge of wetting myself because I had to cover for your idiocy! And yet…

“This is my job, idiot. It was actually a lot of fun.”

With that, Mizuhara rushed off. As soon as she was out of Kazuya’s line of sight, she jammed both hands between her legs as she broke into a full-on sprint. Each step sent an angry shockwave up her bladder and she nearly leaked again, but she didn’t care.

I have to pee I have to pee I have to pee! I haven’t had to pee this bad in my whole life! I’m about to burst!

She turned the corner and headed straight for the convenience store, half-running, half-hobbling to reach the restrooms on time, but the second she saw the parking lot, her heart sank. Her friends were there, standing in front of the convenience store like they were looking for her. She tucked herself behind the store sign and waited for them to head off, dancing desperately in place as she tried to hold it.

Why now? Please leave please leave please leave! I really, really can’t hold it anymore!

“Chizuru?”

The shock of hearing her name made her bolt upright and she temporarily lost control, letting out a spurt into her swimsuit. She pressed her thighs together, straightened herself up, and turned around to see Kibe standing there. She hoped he hadn’t noticed her desperate pee dance from earlier, or small trickle of pee from her leak earlier.

“Y-yes?”

“I didn’t expect to run into you again,” Kibe admitted, giving no indication that he noticed either Mizuhara’s desperation or her leak, “S-sorry about earlier. Actually, do you have a minute?”

The answer was no, but Mizuhara glanced back to the convenience store where her friends were still looking for her. Her bladder was like a rock in her abdomen, and she could both feel and see it sticking out noticeably. All she wanted was to rush to the restroom and finally, after waiting so long, let it all out. But she was cornered. If she said she needed to go to Kibe, he’d expect her to walk right in, where she’d get stuck with her friends.

I don’t have a choice. Please, please let me hold out until our conversation’s over!

“S-sure!” she answered with a strained smile.

She cast a longing glance at the convenience store and squeezed her thighs together as she followed Kibe back towards the beach. It didn’t help that they were once again now closer to the water.

“Listen, are you seriously breaking up with Kazuya?”

“Y-yeah.”

“Oh,” Kibe looked dejected, sitting down.

He began talking about Kazuya to Mizuhara, and she did her best to try to listen. However, it was impossible to focus on anything but her screaming bladder. The pressure was getting almost painful, to the point where it was the only thing Mizuhara could focus on. She had to stand there, acting like everything was fine, but she was seriously worried she was going to start wetting herself right there.

I can hold it. I can hold it. I can hold it. I can’t pee. No matter what, I can’t pee.

Using that as a mantra, Mizuhara found herself standing there, focusing all her efforts on keeping the floodgates closed. Even as Kazuya appeared, apparently having been eavesdropping, she managed to contain her surprise and hold it all in. They were talking and she was responding, but she was unfocused. The only thought in her mind was how badly she needed to pee, and how determined she was to hold it in.

Gotta pee. Gotta hold it. Gotta pee. Gotta hold it.

“Anyway, we should head to the changing rooms,” Kibe replied. It’s getting late, plus we can tell the others we smoothed things out between us.”

“Yeah,” Kazuya nodded.

The changing rooms!

“Y-yes!” Mizuhara blurted out a little too enthusiastically. She then realized her mistake and scratched the back of her head. She was expecting Kazuya or Kibe to say something, but luckily they both shrugged it off.

Finally! I can finally pee! I just need to make it to the changing rooms!

Mizuhara walked behind them, on autopilot. She had to pee so bad even walking was sending powerful waves of desperation shooting through her, and she had to hold herself discreetly just to keep from letting any more out. By the time they got to the changing room, Mizuhara was at her limit. She had been holding it for the better part of the day, and her bladder muscles were on their last legs.

She made her way into the girl’s side and made a beeline for the restrooms.

Pee. Gotta pee. I can finally pee. I have to pee so bad. Hold it. Hold it just a bit longer!

“Mizuhara-san!”

Mizuhara felt someone’s hands grab her shoulders just before she was able to enter the restrooms, and she let out another spurt into her swimsuit bottoms in shock. She clamped down with all her strength to close the floodgates, and managed to somehow regain control. She whirled around and came face to face with Mami.

“Oh, that was a weird noise you let out just now!”

“S-sorry, I’m not really feeling well.”

It was a formality. Mizuhara knew Mami knew she was desperate.

“I wanted to apologize for earlier, since Kazu-kun can be so silly sometimes. I never meant to flirt with him,” Mami smiled, “I noticed you didn’t have your bag, so if you want to borrow some of my clothes to change into, you can.”

“O-oh yeah, I left it at the beach,” Mizuhara lied, “Thank you.”

“It’s over there!” Mami smiled, “Now if you excuse me, I have to pee like crazy! Probably all that soda I drank!”

Before Mizuhara could react, Mami slipped into the restroom and occupied it’s only stall.

No no no no! I gotta pee! I have to go so bad! She did that on purpose! She’s tormenting me! I bet she’s going to take her time in there too! I don’t have a choice, I need to pee right now!

Mizuhara rushed over to the bag where Mami said she left the clothes she could use. Mizuhara half-expected them to be something either too revealing to be modest or purposely ugly, but it turned out to be a nice blouse and an orange skirt, along with panties to match. There was no bra, but the short was thick and baggy enough that she could get by without one.

Mizuhara threw on the clothes as fast as she could, dancing desperately in place as she tried not to leak all over the changing room floor. Once she was dressed, she left the changing room, hearing Mami leave the stall just as soon as she did. Mizuhara considered turning back around and using the now-free restroom, but she didn’t trust Mami not to physically block her as she watched Mizuhara wet herself.

I’m out of time! I’ve pushed myself past my limit! I’m going to pee!

Mizuhara rushed onto the sidewalk in front of the changing room and glanced around, looking for the next nearest restrooms. Unfortunately for her, it seemed like the closest thing was the convenience store.

I can make it, just gotta-

Mizuhara started her mad dash back towards the convenience store, but then a powerful spasm shot through her bladder and sent her doubling over. She let out a large spurt into the fresh panties she had just changed into, sending rivulettes of hot urine streaming down her legs. She stopped and crossed her legs desperately, jamming both hands up her skirt to clamp down and regain control. She managed to briefly, but she felt her bladder muscles relax. She had seconds.

No no no no! Not here! Please…

Mizuhara shifted course and rounded the corner to the back of the changing rooms, which were a little more remote. Not a second after she rounded the corner out of sight of any beachgoers, the floodgates opened. Her taxed muscles lost control, and her overfilled bladder sent torrents of pee gushing out between her legs. She could hear the loud splattering of her pee splashing and hitting the ground as it flowed down in streams. She could feel streams of pee running down her legs and the back of her skirt.

The potential embarrassment of wetting herself was completely overshadowed by the sheer pleasure of relief that wracked Mizuhara’s body. She had never had to pee so bad before, and thus had never felt the blissful, orgasmic relief she was feeling now. The pressure in her bladder, while still full, gave way to waves of relief, and she wasn’t even able to stand upright. She braced herself against the wall as she slid down, still peeing, until she was sitting there, watching her pee flow out of her like a river and onto the ground below.

She barely managed to hold back the moan of pure pleasure as she felt her bladder empty, the pressure inside lessening as she peed at full force. Even a minute later, she was still going strong, and from how it felt she had another minute left in her.

After what felt like an eternity of blissful relief, Mizuhara’s flow finally slowed, petering out and stopping as the last of her bladder’s contents found their way onto the ground beneath her. Her skirt, or rather Mami’s skirt, had been completely soaked in the back. Her panties were drenched. The scent of urine hung in the air, and Mizuhara sat there, breathing heavily as she finally snapped back to reality.

She looked up, and saw Mami staring down at her, a smug look on her face.

“Oh my, and I just let you borrow those clothes, too,” Mami smirked, “I wonder what Kazu-kun will think when I tell him his girlfriend that he already wants to dump pissed herself like a little girl for no reason?”

Mizuhara’s relief and bliss instantly turned to focused embarrassment and anger, and she stood up, slapping Mami across the face. Mami looked up at Mizuhara in shock, and looked like she was about to say something indignant, when Mizuhara jabbed at her chest with her finger.

“You stopped me from using the restroom! None of this would’ve happened if you had let me use the one in the changing room!” Mizuhara accused, “Actually, it goes beyond that. I know exactly what you’re doing! You’re playing games with Kazuya and flirting with him behind my back! You know he still has feelings for you and you’re toying with him! You’re acting all jealous and manipulative even though you’re the one who broke up with him! You don’t give a damn about actually getting back together with him. You just want him to break up with me. You have him wrapped around your finger, but all you want to do is make him miserable. You called him pathetic in front of me the other night, but the real pathetic one is you for wanting to screw around and do whatever the hell you want without considering anyone else’s feelings!”

“I- that isn’t...”

“Let me tell you something else,” Mizuhara continued, “Do you know why me and Kazuya really got together? It’s because he was devastated when you broke up with him like it was no big deal, and I felt sorry for him. Sure, I’m not happy about being a rebound. That’s one of the reasons we’re breaking up. But even as a hollow rebound relationship, our relationship is ten times more real than anything you’ll ever have with him.”

Mami clenched her fists and stormed off, and Mizuhara felt herself relax again. She wasn’t sure what came over her, but the thought of Mami toying with Kazuya, even after all she’d done to help him, infuriated her. No, maybe it wasn’t just their relationship as a client and a rental girlfriend. Maybe Mizuhara genuinely wanted to see Kazuya move past such an awful person.

You idiot. You should think about doing better than someone like her. Someone who’ll treat you better. If I were really dating you…

Mizuhara shook her head. She was tired, wet, and there was still a dull ache in her bladder from holding it in for so long. She could change back into her swimsuit and pick up some dry clothes, and then they could clear up everything together on the ferry.

After today, there won’t be anything between us, other than us being neighbors and going to the same college. That’s all.

-The End-

