[Old Stories from My Blog]: Proudy Minx

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2025-12-31 08:22

Hi Omo Lovers!

In a recent parallel thread, the wonderful @archiveIsCool was trying to find a very old story of mine which I had totally forgotten about.

$/119276-looking-for-old-rexone312-story-pixie/

That initiated a chain through which @FullBladder85 & @Normie Fella added a lot of insights to it about my old stories which were inaccessible. I am very thankful to them for doing this and motivating me to post revive my old stories and post them here.

Note: The language of these old stories is very crude. Please bear with it 😉

___

Proudy Minx

Minx is a rich girl of 18, having boobs so big that she can’t even see her stomach directly and a waist too tiny with beautiful long legs. In short she has a perfect hour-glass figure, for which most other girls would die for.

Minx is a girl of principles. She has herself made few rules which she has vowed to follow throughout her life no matter what. One such principle is of bladder control. Yes, she is into desperation more than anything else and can do anything to keep straining her bladder. She takes pride in going out with her friends, drinking gallons of liquid, overstretch her bladder, fidget but never accept her predicament. Instead she would calmly refuse saying,” No thanks I’m comfortable and will hold”

It was 6 in the morning; Minx woke up with spasming bladder which was bulging out of her stomach around an inch. She was squirming under the blanket; she reluctantly woke up only to find her room full of gifts. She soon started unwrapping the gifts, one after the other. She spent almost an hour in doing that and kept on sipping water.

An hour later she went for bath. Her bladder again reminded her for relief, but she just then remembered that she had resolved the previous night that she could pee only on alternate days. So she held on thinking that it had just been 9hrs since she hadn’t peed. Although reality was something else.

Bathing with cold water with a bursting bladder was more than torture. She somehow coped thru the situation and came out without even leaking a drop. She came out shivering with cold and with the constant effort of holding her pent up pee. She had bought a special transparent latex catsuit which didn’t have a zipper at the crotch. Then there were three ultra tight heavy PVC thongs, a 20” inch hour glass bondage corset and a hi-fi belt which had an embedded lock.

As soon as she dried up she wore the three thongs one above the other. They fit so tightly that it had become difficult for her to even move her legs. Then she slipped in the zipper less catsuit which was too tight and way too uncomfortable for her since it didn’t stretch much and put extra pressure on her bladder and her boobs were trying to tear it apart. Then she clothed herself with a short tight tube top black in color and wore a killing tight micro PVC hot pant and locked it with the belt to its maximum tightness.

She kept the keys deep inside her cupboard where it was difficult to reach. And all the while she was bouncing with desperation and spasms which kept increasing. But the actual pain was to wear the 20” inch hour glass corset. She had to squeeze her bulging bladder to get inside it. She was panting with pain and sweat came out like flood from all over her body. But after a long painful struggle she finally tightened and locked herself in it with three padlocks and hid the keys. She then wore her 6” inch high stilettos.

She was now ready in her special attire which made her look ravishing and absolutely seductive. But more than her looks she was feeling proud to have locked herself completely without leaking a drop from her screaming and painfully overfilled bladder. She had plans to hang out with her friends throughout the day, do lots of shopping, movie and meals with gallons of liquid and without a single visit to the toilet. She knew that she was playing a very dangerous game coz her bladder was sealed but could explode any moment and she in no way could get out of her locked clothes.

Anyways, after having dressed she took a deep breath and determined herself that in no way she would let others know of her predicament. Walking in those stupendously high heels was a sheer torture for her bladder but she kept calm somehow. Her mom was absolutely shocked to see her in that way. She didn’t complain about her looks but seeing that there was no way out she asked,” u r looking very beautiful dear but how will u pee if necessary?” To this minx said “I will not pee mom till I get back…”

“but did u take a pee beforehand?”,asked her mother.

“no I didn’t find it necessary, my bladder is empty”, replied minx.

“is that the only reason I see u double crossing ur legs tightly and sweat on ur face?”,asked mother teasingly,” I hope u would remain dry”.

She quickly parted her legs and wiped the sweat. She then had her breakfast which included a pint of orange juice and a half pint of water. As the liquids were being pumped into her bladder she recalled how long had she been holding.

It was then Minx received a huge setback because she remembered to have peed the last morning 6 and had consumed around 4 pints of liquids the last day. That meant the total amount she was holding back in her body was (4+2.5)pints. This thought almost doubled her desperation.

Soon after, Minx left her for her friend Stacy’s home. It was 8 in the morning, but the day was hot. And being locked in those synthetic clothes she was sweating badly inside and feeling thirsty. It was a 10 min walk from her home but it seemed to take forever especially b’coz with her bursting bladder was being jolted with every step. She was forcing herself to walk normally without bending forward or stopping, in fact she was walking as fast as she could. Soon she reached Stacy's place. She composed herself and knocked the door. Her mom opened d door, greeted her and called her in. she offered her some coffee while Stacy was getting ready. It was a big cup around half pint but she would never turn down any beverages as a matter of principles. She didn't cross her legs and was on her muscles solely but she could not help gritting her teeth. Without giving a thought she chugged down the fluid.

Within a short while Stacy got ready in her special transparent top with her gigantic boobs ready to pop out of her contrasting bright green bra and a mega tight PVC jeans which were too low to expose her thin plastic thong! Stacy wanted to give her a nice hug for which Minx had to stand. And the very moment she stood a tremendous pressure wave hit her almost opening the flood gates. She quickly grabbed her crotch and crossed her legs. Stacy was shocked to see that.

“u need to pee baby, seems u r about to burst…”, teased Stacy seeing her predicament.

“ no I’m all rite, actually the thongs inside are pinching like hell. I’m very uncomfortable but don’t need to pee…”, replied Minx quickly composing herself.

Stacy then hugged her very tightly squeezing minx’s bladder badly but she didn’t utter a word. They soon left the place in Stacy’s car. They were now heading towards Erica’s place which was an about an hour distant from Stacy’s place.

As the time passed Minx tried to find a comforting position without raising any suspicion but she found that Stacy was driving with one hand jammed between her legs.

“Seems someone is bursting…. Poor girl….”, teased minx.

“ Yes honey, I’m feeling desperate… peed yesternite at ten…. I wanted to pee in the morning but u were early so I decided to hold… my PVC is not helping…..”, replied Stacy with strain in her voice.

“u can relieve urself at Erica’s place isn’t it?”,asked minx

“I wish I could, but this is a special bondage jeans, it has a lock which has to be engaged to wear it properly. And unfortunately it can be engaged without a key but needs a key to unlock it… and I don’t remember where was it… so I will have to wait till I get back….”, replied Stacy while laughing about the same stuff.

An hour seemed to take forever and the bumps on the road only made their conditions worse. Soon they reached Erica’s place. They were surprised to find Erica in a black one-piece latex hobbie skirt which seemed to be uncomfortably tight, one of which had belts all over to tighten and restrict the free movements of the legs. To cap it off she was wearing those ballet heels. It was impossible for her to even cross or separate her legs. She was actually waiting for them sitting in the garden bench. As soon as she saw Minx and Stacy approach she got up and came to the gate with extremely small steps and was bent forward. When they stopped Erica came and quickly slipped into the rear seats and sighed,” HUSSSSHHHHH! Sitting is such a relief” and then she started massaging her bladder.

“ u too need to pee?”, asked Stacy.

“Uh! I’m dying for a relief but I want to control myself for 48 hours or more. And its just been 22! I had been drinking fluids normally but of late I found that the longer I hold the longer I can remain horny…he he. Mom was yelling at me like hell for this! I don’t know if I can make it….But no more peeing today!... God this skirt is so tight! Its cutting my bladder…. I can’t even reach my pee hole….”, replied Erica as she struggled.

“ seems u have got company! Even Stacy’s is bursting”, winked Minx suppressing her own need.

Now it was time to pick Mellissa. It was a 30 min drive during which the trio kept on talking about their incidences of desperation and wetting. It was making all of them more and more uncomfortable. Soon they reached Mellissa’s place. They got in and found Mellissa squirming and fidgeting too. She gave the trio some iced tea to drink and they reluctantly chugged it down. On asking –

“ Mom & dad have gone to my Granny’s place and locked the toilet by mistake. I was out at that time and had been drinking water like no tomorrow…. I guess they will come tomoro morning… I haven’t leaked a drop since yesterday afternoon around 20 hours!… I don’t know if I will be able to resist the flood inside till tomoro morning especially in my tight green plastic micro skirt… I don’t wanna be a small girl.. I have to hold!.”, answered Mel.

She soon came down with a one piece plastic micro skirt tightened up with a corset similar to Minx's. And she wore 5 inch high heels! By the time she was ready it was already 11. Everyone except Minx was bouncing and dancing with desperation. But no one could even guess that it was Minx who was holding a total liquid of 8 pints in her iron bladder for more than 29 hours now.

They later summarized that: Stacy had been holding for 13 hrs with a round 2 pints; Erica for 22 hrs with 3pints and Mel for 20hrs with 3.5 pints. Minx lied saying that she had peed this morning and was also holding 2 pints for 5hrs.

And as they left they together cheered up,” SEXY GIRLS DON’T PEE- IT’S A SIN!”

Now the group decided to get to a restaurant for having lunch. All the girls noticed that Minx was the only girl who could drive since she was holding the least amount. Minx just couldn’t refuse however she knew that she had taken a torturous job. Soon they started their journey. The seat belt of the driver’s seat was extremely tight and was squeezing Minx’s bladder. She wanted to shove her hand between her legs and cross the legs but she knew that it would raise suspicion. Driving over the bumpy road with the recent green iced tea pumped into the bladder was making minx shiver and sweat. She grit her teeth and curled her toes again and again.

She was sitting upright and needed to hold her breath to stop the liquid from coming outside. Moreover her legs were separated which made her condition worse. Even the slightest movement was making the pressure increase by leaps and bounds but she couldn’t help it since she often had to lift her legs to press the levers.

Stacy was no good, although she kept talking continuously she had tightly double crossed her legs. Her bladder was swollen hard and the tight waist band of her bondage jeans was cutting her bladder. But she was at least free to hold herself. On the rear seat Mel was sitting over her heels and gasping for breath. Erica was in big trouble cause her hobble skirt with belts neither allowed her to cross her legs nor did it allow her to reach her pee hole. To cap it off she had undies which had its inside fabricated with rough jute making her ***** itch like hell. It made her go pee more and more.

About an hour later they reached a restaurant which was quite expensive an wherein it was considered an insult to use the restrooms esp by the girls. It was hot and these girls like fools ordered very spicy food. The result was that by the end of the lunch all of them had pumped two more pints of liquids. Everyone was now distressed and considering about using the bathroom including Minx! They were all shivering and sweating even when they were in AC. The waiter even showed them the way to the restroom. The girls except minx rushed in with small careful steps but once they got in they remembered that Minx could not take pee due to her dress in spite of agonizing pains if she had to face. Their self esteem and pride came in and after a minute or two of composing themselves they came out upright and erect as if they had taken pee but sweating badly.

Now it was 12 noon. After pumping in two more pints of liquid in their already overfilled bladders they headed for movie. They all were frantic and were doing every possible thing to hold back the oceans of hot pee inside their bladders. But poor Minx couldn’t even do that. She was solely dependent on her muscles which were working under crushing load and spasming every now and then. The road was not helping them. After a minute or two when they were on road towards the theatre Minx’s cell rang. It was Katz on the other side. She was Minx cousin who stayed with her but had gone to Sydney for some work. She happened to return from Sydney two days before just for celebrating Minx’s birthday.

Minx turned the car towards the air port and sped like crazy. Driving fast is a task which requires a lot of concentration and doing the same with a near to explode bladder is a task is something which a normal girl would ever be able to do. Mel, Erica and Stacy had put their heels off to gain some control and all of them were very excited to meet Katz b’coz she was also an extreme holder. For quite some time they all surprisingly forgot about their need to relieve themselves. But not Minx. Her bladder was now holding a steaming tsunami of around 11 pints! She was badly squeezed under the cramped seat and her happy carefree image which made it compulsory for her to keep smiling and joking ! And she knew it very well that Katz was the biggest threat to her bladder. Katz and Minx would try to outwait eachother every time and would cross any limits to make eachother pee while tolerating the superhuman strains themselves.

Within 10 mins they reached the airport. They expected to see Katz bouncing and squirming as they would see her always. She too was dressed in a similar style like that of minx with numerous latex layers and locks all over. She absolutely had no chance to relieve herself and everyone asked her about the same. She sportily answered, “ look I have no time for such silly things. I’m not a kid to take a pee! Its better that I go on pumping my bladder which is still far from even showing any signs” But even she was suffering badly! Her ***** inside was constantly pushing and squeezing her bladder with every breath of her. She still didn’t want to give up!

They parked the car and all the girls got off. Now it was time for Minx. She undid her belt and her bladder got some room which it had been searching for quite sometime. She quickly tried to get out of the car and the moment she stepped out a hell force out of nowhere tried to pull her bladder down and her inner signals were trying to force the liquid out with full or force! She quickly grabbed her crotch, bent double over and squeezed her muscles as hard as she could.

But within a second her pride reminded her that she was not supposed to do this. So with one stroke she got upright and parted her legs. She was sweaty, her heart beating more like a music system and she was thirsty. She immediately chugged down a pint of water which was in a bottle in the car. Big mistake! The liquid made straight way to her bladder and now it had 12 pints!!! And all this was observed by Katz from the airport building! Her friends had already got inside by the same time but failed to notice minx.

Next it the turn to walk over the 6” heels. She put her first step and the tsunami again hit her and she was about to let it go. But she somehow coped and started walking unusually fast and every step was crushing and trembling her impounding bladder like a drilling machine. She was breathing fast and anticipation came to her mind that Katz too will try to hide her predicament and of course that she will try to make her (Minx) wet herself.

She soon got into the main building. All of them were waiting for her. Katz had a cunning grin on her face which meant more trouble for both of their bladders. They hugged eachother so tightly that Katz thought she almost broke the glass ***** inside her. The impact of the hug was so severe that they felt each other’s rock hard bladder and deliberately tried to make eachother more desperate! They both were dying to grab their crotches and twist their legs but they somehow with great painful anD torturous efforts they held the floods inside!

Minx saw Katz outfit and immediately came to the conclusion that there is a lot of pent up pee in Katz’s bladder for around 30+ hrs. (her experience made her an expert at these things). But mInx was facing an inner conflict…

“ I am banished from peeing! “, repeated Minx in her mind!

“ but how do I cope with it… I may not be able to make it…shud I run home or pee in the dress?”, questioned herself.

But an inner voice screamed and said,” Stop it! U r an adult and must never pee! Not even when u r alone! Never! Look at Katz and learn!”

This fueled Minx again and she started talking and moving out of the place since they were getting late for the movie. Stacy was walking in a very stiff manner and same was the case with Mel and Erica too. It was clear that they were having a tough time.

“ Shud u use the restroom?”, asked Katz teasingly to Stacy!

“NO! NOT AT ALL! I have to hold and will not pee even if I get a chance!”, replied Stacy and tried to smile. Although her body was saying some different story. Just then Katz’s eyes fell on Stacy’s PVC jeans and her thigh high boots!!

“ Why don’t u cut the legs of ur PVC jeans. Coz it gives u an advantage of peeing discretely without anyone knowing about it!”, said Katz again! These words showed how closely she observed everyone and knew their bladders very well! Without giving it a second thought Stacy did the same and exposed her sexy thighs which shined with sweat due to that uncomfortable jeans. After that Katz tightened everyone’s clothes on the pretext of looking sexy but actually making everyone of them more desperate. Since her and Minx’s dresses were locked to the maximum tightness she left that but she had some other plans in mind for Minx.

They soon got into the car and then Katz opened up a gift for Minx which were chocolates. Minx couldn’t resist them and ate 3 bars at a time and the rest followed with 1. Katz however had 3 too. But the actual trouble would begin now cause Katz had mixed the chocolates with a special super diuretic and wanted to show everyone that she could hold it on ….. forever… but she kept it a secret. B’coz it was not the right time yet…

It didn’t take long for the diuretic to show its magic. Just a minute later, the girls realized that their bladders suddenly were being pumped with a fierce rate. Minx and Katz were on fire. They felt as if their bladders were now containing acid and the muscles were now sending pinching cramps. Their heads were spinning but still they had to smile and joke! It was pure agony.

Stacy was regretting about her jeans which she tore off a while ago just to show her bravery but now she felt that only her jeans could have saved her. She was trying her best to keep her hands away from her crotch and had tightly gripped the seat. Her eyes were closed and she grit her teeth when the car suddenly came to a screeching halt. All the girls were thrown forward and the seat belts squeezed their bladders in the very same way a hammer would flatten an iron bar. But it would be more appropriate to now call it an iron bladder.

Erica and the merciless belts all over her body was trying to push her swollen bladder all out at once. And the halt was more than enough to open her floodgates and she lost a large spurt.

“F***!” Exclaimed Erica,” I lost a spurt! And now the liquid is in between my legs and has nowhere to be absorbed in my mercilessly tight latex. I wish I could reach my pee hole and cross my legs! OMG OMG OMG! This is getting worse every second! I wish I would not have this dress today!”

“ Just shut up! Erica don’t be an ***! Chug this pint of water down to compensate for the losses. Remember u wanted to wait for 48 hours and u still have a long way to go…”, replied Minx as she herself was fighting a losing battle due to the triple dose of the diuretic chocolate.

“ I know but ….. one more… ******* it no!!!”, she exclaimed as she lost another large spurt. She had tears in her eyes. But then she started repeating in her mind,” I will hold.. I will hold”

But in this argument everyone forget what was the reason of the car being stopped. After a while Minx said that a dog had suddenly come in her way and so she had to stop it. But the thing is she was terribly hit by a tremendous and excruciating pressure wave that for a second she thought she had burst her bladder but she somehow coped thru it. Now they turned to Mel who was sitting with legs double locked and toes curled like noodles and she was bent forward. She was trembling out of sheer pain and sudden rise inside her bladder. She was sweating very badly inside her plastic micro clothes and her boobs were shining as if someone had spilled oil over them. In fact every girl had her boobs bulging and shining with sweat which showed what sort of pain they had been tolerating so far and no one knew how long it would go.

“ I don’t understand how come my bladder is suddenly filling so fast! I will die now if I don’t relieve my bladder!..”, cried Mel.

“ Don’t u dare say so Mel”, interrupted Katz, “ u r not supposed to say this.. I mean just look at ur clothes .. do u really think it would allow u to take break without having to take it off completely? Its insanely foolish… not even a kid would do so.. how can u?”

The car now again started to move. Katz was now becoming tensed as it showed on her forehead in the form of sweat beads. She slowly started shifting her weight in the seat. She even crossed her legs and tightened it as hard as she could. Just then Minx exclaimed

“ Hey Katz, I didn’t know u too were bursting for a pee!”

That came as a rude shock to Katz that she lost a spurt. She had been keeping her hands away from her crotch with a great will power but this statement of minx made her weak. She immediately grabbed her crotch. But to handle the situation she said, “Minx u must be kidding! U know I never need to pee and if once in a blue moon I reach my limits I hold it in” She then quickly uncrossed her legs and spread them apart and kept praying to her bladder muscles “plz keep it in. its not the time”

She turned to Minx and again said,” Actually I’m badly sweating inside and latex doesn’t help…. By the way should I drive so that u can focus on holding my dear?”

Minx just laughed and to show Katz that she could hold it in a much better way she promptly ate two more super diuretic chocolate bars. And within a minute or two her bladder got even more furious and angry. It was now so prominent inside her body that Minx could now make its superfine 3D drawing without any error and infinitely better than any CAD software!

Katz was shocked to see that but to compete her she chugged down a pint of water which was with her. And now it was like her bladder was facing nuclear bomb attacks. But it was just 2pm, i.e. 32 hours for Minx and Katz and they would never pee at such a short interval they thought to themselves and they now got into an egoistic battle of bladders which probably would never end till death may be.

They soon reached the theatre and every one except Minx and Katz had their eyes fixed on the door of the ladies room which seemed like heaven. But they somehow kept their bladders waiting. Just then an announcement was made that the movie was delayed due to some technical fault. So the personnel arranged for some interesting stuff. They decided to get the patrons engaged in some sort of competition.

They arranged a competition and asked the people there,” how many glasses of water could they drink within a span of 3 minutes? Come here and show us!” Katz without giving a second thought got in and exclaimed,

“ I really need some water to quench my thirst…. And may be fill my tank like bladder!”

“ I guess u need someone to compete with, right?”, came a reply from Minx as she too stepped in! And the personnel arranged for water and they started drinking like no tomorrow…

All the glasses were of ½ pint. As Katz gulped down the first glass she felt it hitting her bladder and make it more swelled. “Ahhh! My goodness this pain is killing me! Why doesn’t just Minx wet herself!F***!”

And seeing her Minx too shot down a glass. The effect of that single glass was so much that her bladder started to show its growth. One of the locks over Minx’s corset broke down! It was enough to make people understand what a tremendous force was acting inside her. She didn’t think anything and kept drinking standing with her legs apart and still without any shivers or sweat!

“I need more room for the flood! I wish I would not have had this corset! Holy ****! …”

On the other hand Katz chugged down one more glass! This shot was more than enough to break open her pad lock hidden inside her one mega tight jeans. Spasms after spasms hit her with every gulp of water making its way to her bladder.

“I can control…! I can’t wet myself. Not before minx does. Not even after that. One more glass, I must chug down…” She got one more glass. Time kept flowing albeit very very slowly.

On the other hand Minx, “ I had three glasses but I must have more… I don’t bother about this stinging pain. What would I do if I wet? Will I make it? How is Katz coping up with? C’mon Katz just wet yourself u b****!”

Another glass shot down by both! Katz bladder was swollen so hard inside as if it was containing series of nuclear blasts! Her pee hole which was ruthlessly sealed inside her three layer latex thong and one piece heavy rubber camisole and of course a zip less catsuit had become violent. Her ***** was now causing extreme pains! But in spite of it she didn’t stop! And her pee hole was repeatedly hit by massive waves of hot pee. She was heroically preventing them to see the outer world.

As Minx continued all the locks over her corset broke off and now after such a long time of her bladder had bulged out about an inch! In spite of such mercilessly tight clothing her bladder came out! She looked at with horror and pain in her eyes! She was in a hell of pain!

“ f***! An inch! What would happen if my bladder bursts inside! It would be around 4-5 inches! God damn! I need to relieve myself! “ The moment she thought this a massive pinching spasm struck her bladder almost exploding the flood gates! She bent down all of a sudden.

“F***! No! U a******! I was just kidding! I must control and NOT PEE! U silly bladder! U must obey my orders!”, screamed Minx in her mind! She quickly stood up and composed herself!

“ I knew she had to pee! I will win and therefore must drink more!, thought Katz to herself and chugged down one more glass. Although she was no better than Minx. She had to keep her legs stick together if not cross. She had to concentrate and accumulate all her strength just to keep the hot nasty liquid inside and not let it embarrass her.

The long three minutes were finally over! The results were out! Katz had gulped down 4 ½ pints and Minx was able to do just 4! That proved Katz to be the winner.

“Awww! Minx I saw u there! I know u need to relieve urself. U go we all will wait here!”, teased Katz to make Minx jealous. Minx went furious but she could do nothing to revert that.

The rest of the girls were amazed to see Minx’s and Katz’s control over their bodily functions. They felt embarrassed and so now they decided to tease their bladders too. Stacy asked Minx,” R u sure that u will manage?”

“I have no other choice Stacy, u can see I’m locked all over, its not a job that difficult. I will wait till I get home and not pee even if its convenient”, replied Minx. They all were shocked to hear her answer but Minx had something else in her mind.

“I need to severely punish u Mr.bladder u embarrassed me so badly!”, Minx said in her mind, “ I will bear the pain and u will have to keep all the floods inside till I ask u to let it go or not! U can’t ask for relief when its not even two days! I’m an adult and thus I should be able to make it to a toilet. If not a toilet then I’ll make u hold it in till DEATH!”

Without giving a second thought Minx quickly ate the rest of the super diuretic chocolates and within a minute her bladder was again started to be pumped with fluids much in a similar manner like the Olympic swimming pools are filled. Her bladder was now fighting against a flood worth 16 pints for now 33 hours! Her skin had stretched like rubber and her grotesque bladder was trying to rip her tight sticky clothes apart with its devilish and ever increasing size. There was a tremendous pain in her bladder and spasms were like lightning striking it repeatedly.

In spite of all this battle and determination to control the pee in some part of her mind she was screaming for relief. Her sub-conscious mind wanted to come out of those uncomfortable latex layers which were preventing the relief to come into existence. But her pride kept over-riding her wishes.

Somehow she managed to pacify her bladder which was trying to make Minx go weak at her knees. In the meanwhile Erica who had leaked spurts all of a sudden got charged up seeing the duo. She went to a nearby counter and bought giant cokes for everybody. Mel and Stacy didn’t know what to do. They both had their hands at their crotch to prevent the death like embarrassment.

Katz was still unaware that Minx had eaten up all the chocolate and when she came to know it her jaws feel down. But she didn’t utter a word. However jealousy now gripped her and her own bladder was troubling her and trying to convince her to be let out. Her ***** had now become a nuisance for her since it penetrated deep into her steel strong bladder!

The movie was about to begin so they went inside the hall without a single drop being let out. They occupied their seats and Mel and Stacy promptly double crossed their legs as tightly as possible. Poor Erica was still struggling to cross her legs but her own adamancy to wear the hobbie skirt let to this unforgiving situation. Minx and Katz on the other hand continued their unsaid holding competition and tried to sit with their legs apart and as still as possible to defeat eachother psychologically and at the same time pull their giant bladders inside in spite of the cruel pain and horrible pressure building and make their abs look flat and sexy. They all did this without uttering a single moan!

It was a particularly long movie and the first ever commercial film based on female pee desperation! All the girls had the super giant cokes of a pint each in their hands but reluctant to chug it down. As the movie commence Minx again decided to show Katz her prowess and asked the girls,”hey girls if u can’t empty the cokes i would be more than happy to store the coke in my STILL EMPTY bladder if u feel like its too much for u…….”

Hardly 10 minutes into the movie all the girls started facing the worst pains in their lives in their exploding bladder. The pain was 100 times severe than sometime earlier. The air conditioned hall was hitting every one’s bladder in a very harsh manner.

Stacy was sitting with legs crossed so tightly as if they were welded together. She still had the giant coke in her hand. She didn’t want to accept the fact that she would not be able to hold her pee if she drinks it. The girls were sitting in the middle seats of the row and the room was house-full. So there was no question of even showing any signs of desperation. Getting up and going for the toilet was no less than agonizing death.

Stacy was groaning under her breath and was subtly shifting her position without letting her neighbors know about it. She repeatedly tried doing kegels but even that was too much for her painfully swollen bladder. Her muscles were tired badly, so badly tired that she found it impossible to pull her belly in. There came a scene in the movie where the heroine burst herself and peed in her clothes.

“ ****!”, exclaimed Stacy as it triggered her bladder and she lost a spurt. It was big enough to come out of her cut out skin-tight mercilessly tight PVC jeans and to wet the seat a little!

“ No, stay in! I want to control!”, gasped Stacy! Her neighbor gave her some dirty looks. Stacy however was not in a condition to back fire her. She was shivering and sweating badly and had gripped her crotch as tightly as an industrial glue!

Mel sat next to Stacy who was dealing with severe sweating and itching due to her tight plastic clothes. It was definitely stylish and hot but was not meant for wearing the entire day! She knew what Stacy was dealing with and she wanted to console her. But she sat there stiff and didn’t dare move her hands away from her crotch which was on the brink of being flooded! And before she could even think the theatre authorities approached Stacy and she was embarrassed, horrified and perplexed to know that they came to know that she had wet the seat!

The ladies asked her to accompany them. Stacy turned white with fear for she was at her absolute limits, her skin stretched to 4” in spite of her constant efforts to keep her belly flat, she lost a big spurt just a while ago and most importantly she was in the middle of the row, which meant getting out of the hall was a big fight with so many people to be pushed back and forth thru the rows. It seemed to be impossible especially when her bladder could explode any second!

“ What…ha…happened… officers?”, Stacy tried to ask. But they were not ready to listen and one of them came and pulled her off the seat to make her stand. That jerk was more than enough to release her flood gates and she lost another huge spurt although this time she somehow stemmed the flow in order to prevent it from spilling it on her neighbour. But trickles kept flowing over her legs.

“ Stand still and follow us!”, ordered the lady! Stacy was about to cry and turned to the other girls who were still shocked to be a part of the scene! But Katz came forward and agreed to accompany Stacy. She helped her somehow cross the row without letting the steaming restless pee come out! And after coming out they came to know that the seats were fitted with a system to detect any sort of wetting esp answering nature’s call.

Stacy was about to cry and Katz was fuming. Katz got so angry with Stacy’s weakness whose legs still showing wetness from the continuous flow which now seemed impossible to stop. They shelled out a fine of 50 dollars and now Katz challenged the officers, “ I bet u guys! Stacy would now drink two more pints of coke and still won’t pee a drop!” Stacy almost fainted to hear that.

Another ml of liquid could result in her death she thought but Katz stern and uncompromising words helped her hold and soon she chugged down two more pints of coke! She was weeping now and seriously she wanted to end the pain! But she knew by her intuition that she still had a long way to go.

Stacy somehow came and in but now crossing the row was too much for her. She didn’t want to hold her crotch in front of all but it was agonizing. She tried her best but she had to grab her crotch and somehow she reached her seat safely , held her breath tight and kept fighting and suppressing her burning needs to relieve herself, quietly! And she kept repeating in her mind that she could not pee till she gets home! Sitting back increased the pressure like hell but the pain was much better than to suffer the insult of having to go to a toilet! It was absolutely not an option. So she again resolved on to hold!

Mel was terrified to learn about the incident from Katz and she was now sitting tight like a statue. She saw the coke in front of her and immediately asked Minx to finish it for her. Everyone followed the suit except Katz and Minx on the other had a chill run down her spine. Never in her wildest dream had she thought that the girls would actually ask her to do so. And she slowly started drinking them. And by the time the movie came to an end minx had four additional pints in her bladder trying to flood the town.

The entire movie showed dozens of girls wetting themselves during a bus journey except for the heroine who heroically resisted her fierce urge to pee right from the beginning to the end. And the end the heroine finally gets a chance to visit a bathroom but she refuses saying,” c’mon! I am not a school girl that I should pee. I will hold on!” and in the next scene they show a bus returning to home with the heroine still unrelieved!

They noticed that Erica throughout the movie didn’t look at the screen even once as she kept on fighting with her sphincter muscles over tired and overloaded. But the last scene caught her mind and she again decided to fight her silly toilet needs. As the movie ended everyone stood except her friends who were suffering a similar situation. But she stood up at once with her breath held tight. She now wanted to push herself and test her absolute strength! Erica was first, Minx and Katz followed but they were strong and so they didn’t show any needs! Mel and Stacy fumbled thru the row and soon they were out of the hall.

It was a no-non sense time. Mel, Stacy and Erica were no more bothered about others and they all were mincing and groaning with the pains in their over stretched bladders! Erica was locked due to her dress and she was having a tough time holding with her muscles alone. On the other hand Mel and Stacy freely crossed their legs and occasionally lifted their legs to help hold the pee in!

Soon after they went shopping and this was pure suicide. Katz came up with an idea that she would gift everyone with the newly arrived steel corsets whose specialty was that they would never stretch so it would be real fun to hold the close to bursting bladders whilst wearing that 20” steel corset fit to maximum tightness.

However Katz idea did not realize since the rest of the girls did not agree as the corset looked way too disgusting if not uncomfortable. But that did not stop Minx and Katz to embrace themselves in some other type of corsets which were designed for wasp thin waists. Wearing those corsets made them see stars in the daytime! But the girls had to stay strong. No matter what they had to hold for the shame of peeing or even admitting the need was no less than death.

Their bladders were on fire and their pee holes were irritating as if someone had poured acid into it. But they must hold it in. Mel, Erica and Stacy now wanted to go home and shopping while standing and trying to hide their predicament just did not help. By the time it was 6pm in the evening Mel, Stacy and Erica were frozen and they just could not walk literally. They sat on a bench with their legs locked tightly and hands shoved in the crotch except Erica, Katz and Minx. People passing by the bench would look and laugh at them but they did not bother.

36 hours had passed since Minx, Katz and Erica had felt relief. And even Mel and Stacy were close to them. But Minx and Katz were hit the worst since they had pumped almost 20 pints of liquid in their bladders! And they were not allowed to pee, their ego came in between!

They somehow had snacks at a nearby café and as usual Minx and Katz consumed 5 cups of green iced tea. Their pains knew no bound after that. First an insane volume of 21 pints after the tea and to cap it off, the wasp thin and killing tight corsets. Minx already had one earlier and now the second corset was killing her. Spasms, cramps, sweat and what not! The 5 girls were tolerating everything bravely just because they did not want to attend their pressing toilet needs! Only because it was silly!

Soon they reached Mel’s place! But by that time, a thunderstorm started. Now it would be impossible for the girls to return to their homes! Poor girls and their poor bladders! They thought that they could use Mel’s bathroom but later they remembered that her parents had locked the bathroom and taken away the keys. Just then the phone rang and Mel’s parents told her that they would come after two days and also that the storm won’t stop till tomorrow morning.

Everyone was tensed now because they will not get any relief till tomorrow and may be two days for Mel. These girls were too proud to use any other toilet than their own. And since childhood they have never used any other toilet and have faced extreme desperate situation! But this was the worst ever! Katz and Minx almost got a heart attack to hear that but then they thought that they could now push themselves to their limits and may be beyond. So they were extremely happy that the relief was still far.

As the time progressed slowly the girls got more and more engaged with holding and now they didn’t have to worry about others seeing them. Katz and Minx were also tempted to shove their hands in their crotch but NO! They were too proud to do so. And since the other girls were not in condition they made the dinner albeit slowly! Soon it was dinner time 9pm, 39 hours and not a relief thought Minx and rejoiced in her mind but she calmed down because she still had a long way to go! Similar thoughts were going on in Katz’s mind! But unfortunately it doesn’t make them comfortable.

By 10pm, they were done! Two more hours passed, it was midnight and all of them were wide awake due to their troublesome bladders! Even Minx and Katz looked concerned! It had been 42 hours now for all of them! And they were so much engaged in holding that they kept telling stories about their most desperate experiences of their lives. Now it was 2 am and all of them were half awake and half asleep. But Minx and Katz pretended to sleep! That night went horrible for the girls. They tried very hard to take their minds off their bladders but everything failed. But hardly did anyone know how difficult it was to pretend to sleep keeping the hands away from the crotch and legs apart. But somehow the brave girls stayed dry without leaking till the next morning! Not a single drop of pee escaped thru their painfully overstretched and overworked bladders!

Staying absolutely still and not doing anything to hold was quite a challenge for them but till the morning they somehow solved the challenge! Now it was 6am, and all of them had successfully resisted their pees inside! But it was still raining heavily! So the girls remained stuck their till 9am after which the rain slowed down to a light breeze. They had their breakfast somehow and left Mel’s place by 1oam leaving her alone to fight her toilet needs for the next two days!

Soon, Erica and Stacy were also dropped home for fighting their silly needs. BY 12 noon, Minx and Katz reached Minx’s home. They used to live together! They were now in their 54th hour and both thought since they were at home their opponent would give up but they could never imagine what was in store for them! As the duo went upstairs to get their much needed relief Minx’s mother saw them. She stopped her and started talking. All the time they were squirming with efforts to not to let the pee gush out! After an hour which seemed to be like a decade they finally reached the room.

They soon undressed themselves and immediately a 6” basket ball emerged from their belly. They were rudely shocked but there was no time for it! Katz decided to give up and opened the door of the bathroom only to find a sticker on her WC saying “ NO PPEING FOR TWO DAYS!” she tried to look normal as if it never mattered to them.

They pulled their bellies in with great efforts and went down stairs to talk about the matter! Minx mother said,” Yes, the toilet had broken down and had to be repaired. The service guys came here at 9 before u came, repaired it and said that u cannot use the toilet till day after tomorrow morning 9 am! So u will have to hold ur pee for the next two days!”

“ But mom, we have been denying ourselves relief since the last 54 hours! Please let Katz use ur bathroom!”, begged Minx followed by Katz. But she was adamant and Katz looked angrily at her.

“ If u could wait for the relief that long then u can even wait for the next 48 hours! And stop behaving like small school girls! U know the rules, ‘NEVER USE ANYONE ELSE’S BATHROOM!’ So, u will have to suppress all ur silly toilet needs like grown ups for the next 48 hours. And I don’t want u to leak even a drop! Do whatever it takes to keep ur boiling pee inside!” relied her mother sternly!

“ OK!”, they replied together! And went up to the room! They again let their bellies expand to 6’’. It provided some relief to them! but it was short lived and seeing their present situation they wondered if they would really be able to wait for coming 2 days!

I think I need some thing tight to look sexy!”, said Minx to tease Katz who obviously showed her weakness by opening the bathroom first! “ May be I will put on the corset! After all I can hold it so easily and don’t fall weak in just 54 hours!”, she added. And thereafter she put on some sexy lingerie and locked herself in her wasp thin corset, (of course she had to struggle a lot) and slipped into a sexy one piece micro dress!

Katz felt so jealous of her and yelled at once,” Make sure u somehow stay dry if not sexy! I can’t see pee flooding everywhere! And saying this she too slipped into a sultry pair of lingerie and then her killing tight locking corsets and some overtly tight top and a mini!

Time kept flowing slowly, and by 3pm i.e. 57 hours of holding they had their lunch and 2 more pints of water! They came back to the room and locked it and tried to rest with their monstrous bellies bulging and growing gradually bur somehow compressed and pulled inside by their super human determination! And all the time to outsmart eachother they kept talking about sex, desperation and so on! At 6pm, they were shivering with the efforts they had to apply! By 7 pm they received a call from Mel and she asked them if the duo had peed but soon she came to know that they are still holding. And in a short time all the girls were in a conference telling their tales of desperation and how all of them were still coping with their unrelieved bladders due to some or the other reason!

Everyone knew Mel had no choice but to hold for two days, similar was the case with Minx and Katz and later Erica confessed that her mother was so much irritated with her that she will not be allowed to use the toilet again ever in life! While Stacy said that she somehow found the key to the lock of her PVC jeans and unlocked herself. But she had guests at home and she decided not pee till they go away! Every one was firmly determined to hold their hot pent up pee shut in for ages as long as the situation demanded! So it turned out that all of them were bursting at their limits since the last 60 hours without relief and none of them knew how long it would go! But they had to behave their best, hide their predicament in front of others and like grown up people- hold their pee locked inside for eternities!

Imagine 60 hours- 30 pints and no bathroom breaks! But Minx and Katz were fighters and they won’t give up so easily especially after seeing their friends fight for their pride! And all of five of them were proud of their abilities to suppress their most essential bodily function. Their bladders were their slaves and not the other way round!

And this very thought got them turned ON and every now and then they started having mini *******! They now decided to push themselves beyond this limit and endure themselves with their pee clamped inside even if they could easily use their own loos at home! And they now started teasing and tormenting their bladders even more. Every time they thought like having an accident they would tell themselves about the rest of the girls who were still fighting and it is a sign of weakness! Occasionally Mel, Stacy and Erica would leak spurts and it would drive them furious and they would end up drinking more and more! But that was not the case with Minx or Katz, every drop of pee since their last visit was still boiling inside their bladders!

They were doing everything against the nature and trying to act normally as if their urinary system has been switched off, no more holding or showing any signs. Just their muscles! But all the time their kidneys worked at the their best and pumped pee in their bladders already expanded beyond humanity. They kept drinking like no tomorrow and never turned down any offer for drinks! Desperation now became an integral part of their life! They did everything like normal girls with empty bladders, they went to the college next day, went for dance classes, to gym and what not. But there was more to come!

Two days later when Katz and Minx were anticipating a sweet relief expecting the opponent to give up! But something else happened! They got a call from college in the morning reminding them of a three day educational tour to a nearby city! They had completely forgotten about it and they looked at eachother with pleading eyes as if asking to bring the insanely long hold to an end. It had now been 99 hours without relief and they had a great chance to relieve themselves since the toilet was now free to use! But their ego made them adamant!

“Just 3 more days! I can easily last without a leak!”, exclaimed Katz loudly to show Minx how confident she was!

“Awww! Just 3 days! U r so weak I would not even think of it even after a week!”, backfired Minx!

And they decided to hold their flood back for the next 3 days while secretly hoping the other one to wet herself! Their bladders protested and spasms hit them hard every second making them aware of their limits and also about their wrong decision to hold but they didn’t succumb to their needs. They kept fighting every spasm, every cramp, and every bead of sweat. They were dying thousand deaths every second but they had to smile and laugh in spite of it and bear the grunt! After all they were grownups and had to be mature enough to behave properly like an adult!

They soon reach the college still without any relief! So brave they were! In the next 3 days all hell broke loose on their bladders. The 1st day they were taken for a city tour. They spent almost the entire day in the bus absorbing every bump and pot holes and the day being hot they were given drinks every now and then. By the evening even their corsets failed to hide their gigantic bladders! The 2nd day in the morning all of them woke up with their hands in their crotch and that day they had to attend a seminar and all of them had to be on the stage being the committee members all the time. They all were wearing those extra small formals which would show even a drop of pee if it happens to escape!

Sheer torture from morning to evening and that too on 6” stilettos! The 5 girls had so much pees in their bladders that they could literally flood the entire auditorium but they somehow coped with that too! The 3rd day they were all into tears! But they still didn’t give up! And this time even Katz and Minx couldn’t hide their obviously pressing needs! And now it didn’t matter anymore who saw them and what comments were made! The only thing was to hold all the flood back till they reached their own loos which was hundreds of miles away! Somehow the 3rd day was also passed with more and more liquid entering their bladder! Relief they wanted but some part in their minds kept them pushing and their kidneys kept pumping more and more pees in their still stretching bladders!

The three days were now over and now they were back at home after enduring a horrifying bus journey! An entire week they had been denying themselves relief but now the wait was over! They could now pee!

Finally Mel and Stacy give in and decide to pee! They measured their volume and duration. For Mel it was 4min 33 seconds and she released 7.3 litres of hot steaming pee! Stacy measured 4 min 17 sec and peed 7.6 litres! But on the other hand Erica had to control herself since her mother had denied her to use the bathroom. So Erica came to Minx’s place and decided to relieve herself their and asked them if she could use their loo for the rest of her life. She definitely added that it would be the only loo she would use and that too if Minx and Katz would together permit! Minx and Katz knew her condition and happily agree and let her pee! Erica peed for an astounding 5 min 26 seconds and measured 8.1 litres with full force of an inch thick stream! And seeing that Katz just couldn’t take it anymore and gave up! Katz peed an ocean of pee like a fire hose for 5 min 47 seconds and her volume was an earth shattering 10.6 litres!

Now they both turned to Minx hoping that she too would follow the suit but she refused saying that she was on periods and would continue to hold for one more week till she would be free from her periods! Katz and Erica almost fainted to hear that! And the rest of the week Minx spent time with legs always double crossed and hands glued to her crotch and of course with gallons of liquid!

Finally after the week Minx had no more strength to hold back all her boiling and steaming pee in her overworked, stretched 300% beyond its limits just by her muscles. It was evening and she called up all her friends to see the power of her bladder which was had not felt relief for 15 days and 12 hours!

Minx brought three buckets, a video camera and a box of tissues. The rest of the girls started recording as she shed one after the other her constrictive and insanely tight shape wear latex garments. Finally she was just in a latex bra and a latex thong! Her 40-26-38” figure was shining with sweat as if someone has spilled oil over it and she was at the end of her tether!

Minx pulled the bucket and finally breathed deep and opened her flood gates and within a blink of an eye a 2” thick steam of steaming pee hit the bucket! Within 3 min 17 seconds the 8 liter bucket was filled to the brim. She cut her flow completely at once and brought the second bucket under her and again continued with the same flow and force. After 4 mins 8 secons the second bucket was full to its brim. She again cut her flow and brought another bucket and peed for a minute and filled it half!

After that the stream slowly faded and finally came to a stop! Their jaws dropped and brains paralyzed seeing the oceans of pee she let out! It made a total of 20 liters of pee for a duration of 8 mins 25 seconds!

Minx had made a world record and Katz finally accepted that she would never be able to defeat her! Soon her friends informed the Guinees Book of World Record about it. And a month later she reapeted the same feat and this time with a duration of 11 mins and a giant volume of 21.7 liters!

She is now officially the “ PEE HOLDING QUEEN” on the earth!

___

*002*2026-01-01 11:18

{{On 12/31/2025 at 4:25 PM, Normie Fella said:

@Rexone_312

When are you gonna upload The Girl With Big Boobs, Exploding Erica, Desperate Dusky and The Diary of a Modern Day Girl?

(Not gonna goon until you upload them all and many more 🌚🌚)

Ah nevermind, I saw it that you uploaded that too. Now I can goon and enter 2026.

}}

Sooooo, how did you wel-CUM 2026?

