She

Author: Roger Ireland

*000*2020-06-11 15:51

OK ! Not exactly all wet this one but I think some might like it. Please let me know.

She stood in that tiny room looking at me a little apprehensively. She knew I posed no threat, she knew I had promised to release her, she knew that this was her idea and she knew there was no backing out. As I began she stiffened slightly when I entered her personal space. Then she relaxed, albeit in a slightly resigned sort of manner, and allowed me to proceed. I started with her shoes and unlaced them slowly and well enough for them to slip off easily. She was bare-legged and so the next item I removed was her jacket which I hung on the back of a small chair I had placed ready.

Under her jacket was a dark pink, woolly jumper which had to come off over her head and she raised her arms to assist me, her shoulder length, dark auburn hair falling back as it came free from her jumper. That revealed a cotton crop top, again in a dark shade of pink which I slid over her arms and up over her head to reveal her naked breasts which were firm and sported erect nipples in the chilly air. I had expected a bra and the sudden sight of her bare breasts was a pleasant surprise. The hint of a smile came to her face as I looked at her breasts, she knew I had not quite expected that and I think she looked upon it as a miniature triumph. The jeans she wore were figure hugging and I had to pull them quite hard to get them down her legs without actually touching her skin as we had agreed.

She lifted each foot in turn so that I could slip them off her feet one at a time. I folded them and placed them on the chair before I looked at her properly. She was standing there naked except for a lacy, sheer thong in white. The thong was so sheer that her neat, brown bush was clearly visible, a couple of stray hairs showed out from the edges of her thong. I asked her to turn around for a moment (she knew why) and enjoyed the shape of her pert, nicely rounded buttocks. She turned back to face me and I knelt down in front of her, my face almost level with her bush.

It was clearly impossible to remove her thong without my fingers touching her skin and this was outside what we had agreed so I reached for a pair of scissors I had ready and carefully slid them under the one side of the waistband of her thong and cut it straight though. The cut ends flopped down a little enabling me to grip them and pull her thong down. She made no effort to open her legs at all and so I had to pull her thong away from her pussy and from between her legs to release it. I tossed the ruined thong towards the waste bin in the corner and turned to look at her nakedness.

I took my time to feast on the beauty of a young female body, a stranger until that morning. Her skin was a delicate shade of blush-pink and softly glowed in the warm, white light of the room. The erection pushing at the front of my trousers was by now quite evident and as she noticed it she smiled fully. I reached out and touched her skin, for that was now allowed once she had seen clear evidence of my arousal. I stroked the soft skin of her inner thighs and gently fondled her round bottom. I could smell the warm scent of her arousal and very gently slid my fingers across her labia: she was wet. She shuddered at that and moved toward me a little, moaning almost under her breath. She grabbed my hand and forced it harder between her legs, felt for my fingers and pushed them up inside her. I turned her around so that she was facing away from me and slid my thumb inside her while at the same time cupping her bush with my fingers.

It was just that little too much, I could wait no longer and a small wet spot stained the front of my trousers as I climaxed. That was the sign she had been waiting for and she made me stand up while she in turn stripped me of every stitch of clothing I was wearing. She held my pants and touched the spot where they were wet and looked me in the eye. She dropped my pants casually on the floor and pulled me towards her, grabbing my half erect member and pushing it between her legs.

She used her soft thighs to massage him gently to arousal once more and then pushed him inside her as she lifted her hips to a better position. Within moments she reached a shuddering climax, gripping my member tightly as she did. At the height of her climax she gave a little gasp and I felt a few dribbles running down my legs then getting stronger as she peed. She turned around and invited me into her from behind. I noticed wet streaks down her legs too where her pee had wet her as well. With her soft, round buttocks grinding into my groin and her young breasts in my hands it wasn’t long before I climaxed again, this time inside her.

Why ?

She had wanted confirmation that she was attractive and my early erection won that argument.

She had wanted confirmation that she was sexy and my first climax proved that point to her.

She wanted it captured on video which was why there was a video recorder running.

She wanted assurance that her involuntary peeing on climax wouldn’t put anyone off.

She wanted to feel imprisoned which was why the door was locked.

She had come to me as an unadvertised alternative sex therapist.

She had paid me my fee of £450 quite willingly.

She is still making money from the film which was hers by prior agreement.

© Roger Ireland 2019

