Weekend Retreat

Author: Roger Ireland

*000*2025-06-10 12:47

Hi all,

Story in three parts. Part two will be posted tomorrow and part three the next day.

It's part fantasy, part wishful thinking but all fiction - for now. Who knows what may be possible one day?

Week-end Retreat

Friday

Their host looked a little nervous as he greeted them with a smile and handshake, ‘Welcome to the Manoir, how was your journey?’ David and Jenny assured him that they had enjoyed the drive down France from Caen where they had docked that morning. Jenny remarked how the scenery changed on the way down, ‘As well as the weather!’ she joked. David said that it was much warmer here than in England. Jonathan, for that was their host’s name said, ‘We have a promise of a few warm days from Meteo France, so I hope they are right.’ His nervousness seemed to have gone now that they had actually met, and he guided them into the house, helping them with their luggage as they went. Their room was a joy, old, traditional French style reminiscent of the belle epoch from before World War 1.

A large set of windows, complete with outside shutters, offered a view that was uplifting with scarcely another property in sight as far as they could see until the light softened into a green/purple hue as the distant Massif Centrale reminded them of the backbone of France. ‘I’ll let you settle in and freshen up’, said Jonathan, Dinner will be at eight, or nearly so, with aperitifs at seven when you can meet the other weekend guests.’ As he left the room a small spot appeared on the front of his beige trousers and dribbled down almost to his knee. Jonathan ignored it and said only,’

‘à bientôt’ as he closed their door quietly. David and Jenny looked at each other and smiled.

‘I think I’ll have a shower’, said Jenny, and, stripping off her clothes to fall on the floor as she went, she walked into the bathroom leaving the door half open. Jenny turned on the shower and adjusted the temperature then stood in the shower away from the shower spray and casually emptied her full bladder all down her legs. David, watching from the doorway said, ‘I saw that, you are really a naughty girl at heart, aren’t you?’ We should leave David and Jenny there because what they did next was up to them.

Jonathan then greeted the next guests, Francesca and Charlize, showing them to a room as comfortable as David and Jenny’s with a similar view. From their booking information Jonathan knew these two were avid bedwetters and so had ensured that the mattress was well protected even though they had agreed to bring protection of their own. He told them of the arrangements for aperitifs and dinner and left, saying, ‘See you at seven.’ While they were admiring the view and looking around the room, they were reminding each other of the invitation posted on the forum, it read something like this: -

###

Join us for a wet weekend (Friday noon to Monday noon).

Hosted at a completely private and secluded property in south-central France by a long-established wetter Roger Ireland, known to members since at least 2017 and on other sites before that. The property is normally used as a holiday venue but selected weekends ate sometimes used for private events such as this one.

An opportunity to meet discreetly with selected members from this forum to enjoy time together with like-minded individuals, share experiences and the excitement of wetting freely without judgement. Numbers strictly limited to eight guests over eighteen.

Read the details of some of the fun planned under ‘General Expectations’ below.

Full board including all meals and drinks throughout is provided. Outside caterers will supply all meals from a pre-select menu delivered to a stated schedule.

Full, free, laundry facilities available over the weekend for the use of guests.

General expectations

All guests will be personally greeted and your host will be on hand for a ’Meet the Company’ soiree on the first evening.

Everyone should feel free to indulge their preferences without fear of judgement – that’s why we are here.

By all means feel free to engage privately with your partner but share what you can with the general company – if you have wet your pants keep them on for a while in the spirit of sharing.

For most of the time over the weekend we would like to see wet bottoms in evidence so don’t be shy – show us yours

Wet pattern competition. This is where a line-up of folks stand and wet and the best-looking pattern wins.

Wet at will morning/afternoon. This is where everyone engages in normal activities but pees themselves whenever necessary, wherever they are and then carries on what they were doing. Timing to be arranged by mutual agreement.

Plus other activities by discussion.

###

Francesca said, ‘did you see the wet patch on Jonathan’s trousers it was all across his leg and glistening, I think he had just done that before he greeted us.’ Charlize said, ‘I agree, that turned me on to see a guy actually wetting in front of us and not so much as mentioning it, just carrying on as if nothing happened. I found that a real turn-on because it seemed so natural.’

‘Me too’, said Francesca, ‘I hope he doesn’t change them before we see him again’.

Jonathan was by now busy greeting the next guests who had arrived, Lisa and Carl. He welcomed them and showed them to their room and said, ‘Dinner will be at eight, or nearly so, with aperitifs at seven when you can meet the other weekend guests. Take your time to settle in and enjoy the view. I’ll see you later.’ Lisa watched in amazement as the wet patch on his trousers, already quite evident, grew as he was speaking. If was clearly down both legs now but not quite dripping on the floor.

Jonathan greeted the last two guests as they arrived a few moments later. As James and Damian got out of their hire car they watched in excited amazement as the insides of Jonathan’s beige trousers glistened and a small puddle grew at his feet.

Damian said, ‘wow! That’s a brilliant greeting, great start to the weekend,’ and as he spoke a dark patch appeared at his crotch, quickly growing and coursing down his legs. He said, ‘we were running a bit late and didn’t have time to stop at the services to pee, thank you for such a warm greeting.’ Jonathan smiled and said, ‘fully understood, I’m glad you feel at ease, let me show you your room’. Like the rest of the guests, Damian and James were impressed with the views from the windows and the comfortable room. Jonathan told them that dinner would be at eight and that they could meet the rest of the guests at seven for aperitifs then left them. As soon as the door closed after Jonathan, James dragged Damian onto the bed and frantically stripped him.

At around seven the guests slowly gathered on the terrace for aperitifs. Jonahan was nowhere in sight yet and a few of the guests looked a little uncomfortable meeting with strangers for the first time and knowing that they shared a secret passion made it all the more difficult to start conversations. Just then Jonathan seemed to appear from nowhere and said, ‘Glad you are all here, the caterers are putting the finishing touches to dinner for us, meanwhile let’s enjoy the aperitifs in the last of the sunshine’ and picking up a bottle of wine, offered everyone a drink.

‘I’m going to jump in with both feet’, he said, ‘It really excited me this afternoon to wet as you arrived, I found it slightly hard to start but once I did it seemed to flow naturally’. There were a few chuckles at this. ‘Now’, he said, ‘the burning question is does anyone have a wet bottom right now?’ A hesitant silence followed his question until suddenly Francesca said, ‘what the hell! We all know why we are here let’s not be shy. My knickers are soaking wet under this skirt, I just sat and peed without pulling them down, I’ll have to sit on a towel for dinner. Look!’ At that she turned her back to them all, lifted her skirt to display a pair of dusky pink knickers with a dark patch on the crotch and halfway up towards the waistband. Her charcoal grey denim skirt also had a small wet patch partway up.

‘Well, done Francesca’, said Jonathan, ‘thank you for getting the party started. Now does anyone want to start the introductions? Tell us briefly how you were introduced to the wet scene or when you discovered it?’ Hesitatingly at first then getting bolder they each told their own experiences and backgrounds with the wetting scene. Carl was the last to introduce himself and he explained that he couldn’t remember when wetting himself first gave him a pleasurable feeling but thought that it was probably around the time he was five years old. ‘My mother was very tolerant at first,’ he explained, ’but as time went by, she got more and more angry if I arrived home from school with wet pants and I would be sent to my room in my wet things to ‘think about it’.

I learned to play with myself at an early age and with my wet pants and trousers still on I would masturbate like fury then throw my wet things in the washing machine and put on my pyjamas. As time passed whenever I needed to pee if we were out mother would tell me to do in my pants like I usually did and it was almost as if I had permission to wet myself, so I did, and often. Now I have Lisa to tell me to do it when she thinks I need to go.’ Lisa smiled at him and said, ‘Go on then, if you must, let everyone see you wet yourself.’ A moment passed and then Carl’s jeans started to show a wet patch in the front, and this soon spread all down his legs pooling on the towel that Lisa had brought with her in preparation. Cries of, ‘Well done!’ and ‘That was great!’ Came from the others and it looked as if the evening had got off to a great start.

The catering butler discreetly advised Jonathan that dinner was ready to be served, and they all drifted into the dining room, Carl’s wet jeans and Francesca’s wet skirt carefully hidden from the catering staff. Dinner was an enjoyable affair, and they all stayed at the table finishing off the wine long after the caterers had packed up and gone. Tales were being told and mini confessions made until almost everyone was quite comfortable with each other. Jonathan asked for everyone’s attention for a minute and said, ‘thank you, I just wanted to say that you are all here on the understanding that your personal information is confidential to me for the sake of the booking which is normal for how we do things here and I would like to reassure you that this will be respected.

However, I would like you to consider the implications of sharing each other’s details so please ensure you are comfortable with that if you do swap addresses etc. That’s it, thank you very much for coming for the weekend I wish you all a good time. At that point Francesca spoke up and said, ’before we all go to bed I need to pee again, I’m bursting in fact, so if anyone wants to see, I want to sit on a garden chair on the terrace. Would that be allowed Jonathan?’ Jonathan said, ‘Sure Francesca, no problem, let me get one of the metal chairs with holes in the seat. I’ll meet you on the terrace.’

The wet patch on Francesca’s skirt had almost dried and was hardly noticeable unless you knew it was there. Jonathan arrived on the terrace with the chair, and everyone sat in a group with Francesca vaguely in the centre sitting on the chair with her skirt still in place underneath her. Charlize suddenly said, ’Wait a moment Fran’, and with that she took off her black trousers and grey blouse leaving only her matching bra and pantie set on. She then nimbly lay down and slid under Francesca’s chair and said, ‘Ok, rain on me.’ It took only a moment for Francesca to start to pee and then her skirt darkened at the front with the force of her pee and drops began dripping through the holes in the chair as she continued to wet.

The holes in the chair did in fact, make it look like rain and Charlize was clearly excited by it as her hand drifted towards the front of her panties. As Francesca’s stream died to a trickle Jenny shouted, ’God, that was hot, let me do it, can I?’ She looked at Jonathan for approval. ‘Absolutely Jenny’, he said, ‘be my guest.’ Jenny, wearing light blue denim jeans sat on the chair by which time David had already stripped to his boxers and was arranging himself under the chair. ‘Let me have it Jen’, he said. Jenny’s face was a deep red as she began wetting her jeans and she said, ‘I can’t believe I’m actually doing this, I’ve never wet myself in front of anyone like this before, but the buzz is fantastic!’

When she had finished, David got up and hugged her as she stood up, ‘Thank you babe he said, that was wonderful’ He turned to Jonathan and said, ‘I think we will be going to bed now if that’s alright with everyone.’ A ripple of laughter met this remark and they turned to walk away. At that moment Jenny dropped her jeans to her knees and showed her sky blue knickers with a large wet patch on her bottom. Francesca and Charlize followed immediately after. The back of Francesca’s skirt was soaked, and the wet patch went all the way to the hem, Charlize was still only dressed in her wet bra and panties. As the others said goodnight to David and Jenny, Lisa and Carl were the last and Lisa, with her arms around Jonathan’s neck whispered, ‘I’m going to make you wet yourself like Carl before the weekend is over!’ Before Jonathan could respond, they were across the terrace and into the house.

To be continued .............

Roger.

*002*2025-06-11 15:35

Hi susiakanj,

Thank you very much for your appreciation. I'm glad you found it a good read.

Here is part two : -

Saturday

The next day dawned with the sun in a cloudless sky and as the guests slowly assembled for breakfast at the east end of the terrace, they found breakfast laid out in typically French style but with a few international additions. Among the baguettes, croissants and pastries could be seen dishes of grapefruit segments, sliced bread for the toaster which stood on a side table and individual cereal packets, while chilled milk and orange juice stood in jugs. Hot coffee was provided in a large catering urn but at each place setting was a teacup and saucer with a teabag of raspberry leaf tea. A small label attached to the teabag said, ‘drink me, I dare you!’

There were a few chuckles as folk read these then Jonathan, who had just appeared on the terrace said, ‘I thought raspberry leaf tea would be an excellent start to the morning because at 11 we have the wet pattern contest planned. One word of warning though, ladies, please be aware that this tea can be detrimental in the first three months of pregnancy particularly and can induce miscarriage so if you may be pregnant please don’t have it, otherwise enjoy. The plans for the wet pattern lineup are simple. Drink as much as you want between now and then to prepare for a good wetting, but it starts at 11 and if anyone has leaked enough to show then they lose two points from the possible ten. Enjoy your breakfast everyone.’ And with that he was gone again.

Eleven o’clock arrived and coffee and fresh water had been provided on the table for anyone who wanted to ‘top up’. Jonathan was already there and once all the guests had turned up, he said, ‘Ok! This is a simple exercise, we all line up in a semi-circle facing the table. The camera is to record the result for the judging. When I blow the whistle, we just wet standing where we are with hands behind our backs and the best wet pattern, making allowance for the different type of clothes, wins.’ Francesca and Charlize were wearing matching bib-fronted overalls in white, David and Damian had on dark denim jeans while James was wearing light coloured ones.

Lisa and Jenny both had on knee length denim skirts, Carl was wearing Light grey shorts and Jonathan was wearing light brown corduroy trousers. Jonathan said, ‘If you are all ready then and no leaked patches’, looking along the line, ‘no’, he said, and blew the whistle. A couple of sighs of relief indicated that one or two had been quite bursting and a few trickles began snaking across the paving towards the flower border.

After a timed two minutes, Jonathan walked over and stopped the recording and said, ‘Let’s see what we have,’ and plugged a connecting cable into the laptop on the table so that everyone could see the results. They all stood around in wet things and watched the video. The video itself with nine people wetting simultaneously, in different styles of clothing was very exciting to watch and the guests seemed to swell with a slight pride as to what they had achieved together in terms of a very watchable video. A general discussion ensued as to who the winner should be, and many comments praised the fantastic look of Jonathan’s corduroys, James’ jeans and the sexy looks of Lisa and Jenny’s wet skirt fronts.

However, Francesca and Charlize looked amazing with well-spaced and wide wet patches spreading across their twin outfits and they were declared joint winners with no dissent. Jonathan was quietly pleased to see how generous spirited they all were and expressed out loud how nice it was to be part of the whole adventure. Before everyone departed Jonathan asked Damian to take the laptop and edit the video to put in a small introduction and make sure that everyone’s face was pixelated. He then asked if anyone had any objection to seeing the edited video posted on Omorashi.com. Damian said, ‘I’ll give you all a copy when it is done and you can decide then, Jonathan has said that everyone must agree before it is posted.’ There was no argument on this, and everyone departed to change before lunch.

At lunch Jonathan told everyone that there was a nothing special planned for the afternoon so if anyone wanted to have a look around the town of Castres, now was a good day but that everyone was welcome to just chill around the house and gardens if they chose, aperitifs were due at seven.

Jonathan himself went into the house to check on any emails or new bookings then, as he sat in his office looking out of the window at the sunshine, decided it would be a good afternoon for a little tanning in one of the quieter spots in the grounds. He went to his bedroom and undressed, applied sunscreen to his neck, shoulders and face then went back downstairs and out of the back door heading to a secluded spot in the grounds. As he walked round the last large rhododendron that hid his favourite sunny spot, he found Charlize and Francesca already there, sunbathing on two of the loungers. They were both stark naked. Francesca heard him and sat up in surprise, her surprise deepened when she realised that he too was naked. Jonathan said, ‘sorry, I didn’t realise you were here, everything was so quiet I thought you had gone with the gang to Castres.’ Charlize had also sat up by now and said, ‘sorry Jonathan, we didn’t mean to intrude on your space.’

‘Nonsense,’ said Jonathan, ‘If anyone is intruding it’s me! I didn’t know you two had naturist tendencies.’ Charlize laughed and said, ‘it’s how we met actually, we were both at a naturist beach in the south of France and became friends, it was only later that we realised we both had wetting in common too.’

‘That’s cool,’ Jonathan said, ‘I have been a naturist for some time now and because of the size of this place I can usually get away without being spotted.’ Francesca said, ‘why don’t you join us, we won’t mind will we Charlie?’ Charlize immediately agreed and said, ‘no problem, it’s an unexpected bonus to the week-end, move that other lounger over and we can chat while we tan.’

The three of them spent a pleasant couple of hours talking and dozing in the sun until Charlize said, ‘I have to pee Fran.’ Me too,’ said Francesca, ‘you want the usual fun?’

‘Of course,’ said Charlize ‘Jonathan won’t mind, I’m sure.’ With that, they both sat on the grass facing each other at the end of the loungers with their feet flat together, then lay down flat. ‘One, two, three, go!’ said Francesca. In an instant two matching arcs of pee rose towards each other, each landing near the source of the other, both directly in the opposite pubic bush. Jonathan was stunned and excited by the sight and said, ‘that’s some trick, you must have practiced that!’

‘Oh, we have,’ said Charlize with a laugh, ‘many times.’ Jonathan responded, ‘I can’t begin to match that show I’m afraid.’

‘Let’s see what you can do’, said Francesca, ‘lie down on your back and we’ll measure how high you can reach.’ She reached under one of the nearby bushes and pulled out a stick about 500mm long and handed one end to Charlize. ‘There you are,’ she said as they held the stick over his groin at a height of about a metre. ‘Get it over that.’ Jonathan pushed hard on his muscles then released a good hard stream, it dribbled warmly onto his thighs until it reached full force then arced over the stick and fell again, cold on his legs. The two girls were laughing and Charlize said, ‘good effort, I’d give that an eight out of ten.’ In a comfortable good humour, all three of them returned to the house to get showered and dressed before the others returned.

The group of six who had spent the afternoon in Castres also returned in good spirits. They had bought a few souvenirs and bottles of wine to take home. Jonathan, Francesca and Charlize said nothing about their shared fun, just that they had enjoyed relaxing in the sun. Jenny told them that after they had all had coffee at a café in the square, she started to get a little desperate but couldn’t find any public loos.

So, they had walked down to the river embankment and, because she was wearing a short skirt, she just stood with her back to the railings and peed all down her legs leaving a small puddle which quickly drained into the river. Her skirt was untouched and so they carried on sightseeing. Jenny, still wearing her short skirt of course, then said, ‘like this’, stood still with her legs very slightly apart and wet down her legs for them all to see. A round of applause greeted her performance, and everyone went in to get ready for aperitifs which would be due in about half an hour.

Jonathan noticed that the conversation at dinner was more relaxed than it had been the previous evening which seemed to indicate that there was a general bonhomie being generated. This is what he had hoped would happen over the weekend. After dinner he asked them all how were they enjoying the weekend so far. A chorus of answers in approval was the response and he said, ‘good, thank you. Tomorrow we have a pissing contest in the morning and the Wet at Will Wine Walk in the afternoon.’ There was a little laughter at the mention of a pissing contest and Jonathan said, ‘not a metaphorical pissing contest such as we often see in business environments, this is a real contest to see who can actually get their pee farthest. It has the guys in mind, but you ladies are welcome to take part if you would like. How does eleven suit everyone?’ A general murmur in the affirmative greeted him a so he said, ‘that’s set then, eleven it is then. See you all for breakfast, sleep well wet or dry.’

Part three tomorrow,

Roger.

*004*2025-06-12 14:59

Weekend Retreat

Part 3

Sunday

At breakfast Jonathan reminded them all that the pissing contest was to start at eleven sharp and everyone said they would be there. By eleven all the guests were on the terrace standing by the edge which looked out onto the lawn below. Jonathan arrived and said, ‘Ok then, will every contestant stand with their toes on the edge of the paving please. Jenny is going to stand on the lawn to one side and judge the efforts but before we start if anyone wants to place a bet or two then now is the time to do it.’ A few of the guests laid bets on who they thought might win with Jenny holding the kitty. Charlize and Francesca bet a euro each on Jonathan with a wink at Jonathan from Francesca.

Jenny said, ‘Ready?’ and counted down from ten when she blew the whistle she had. Every contestant then pushed hard, and eight jets of pee sprang out over the grass. There was general laughter at the sight and then hoses and sprays were put away and everyone looked at Jenny. She smiled and said, ‘in third place, Jonathan, second Francesca and the winner is …………. Carl! Coffee and biscuits were laid out on the table, and everyone was talking at once. Jonathan watched for a minute and smiled to himself. This was exactly what he had hoped to see.

Lunch was served on time at one o’clock and at the end of lunch Jonathan said, ‘this afternoon we have the Wet at Will Wine Walk. Is everyone happy to start at three?’ There were nods and agreement all round then David said, ‘how long is it, Jonathan?’

‘About three kilometres each way’, said Jonathan, ‘A relatively easy walk in an hour, we stop then around halfway and enjoy a drink, and a few nibbles then come back via a different trail.’

‘Sounds good to me,’ said David. Jonathan then explained that the object was to wet whenever and wherever anyone wished, dribble along the way or wait and do it all at once, any combination was fine, the whole point was to enjoy and let everyone else see how you were going.

Three o’clock arrived soon enough and they set off following Jonathan to a gate in the estate fence and on into the forest beyond. Before long a few dribbles down legs were showing as some of the company wet a little and often, others were still dry, obviously waiting do more later. After half an hour David, Francesca, Lisa, James and Carl all had wet stripes down the legs of their jeans, some below the knees. When they arrived at the rest stop, Jenny had a small crescent of wetness on her bottom. There were three wooden picnic tables set in a small grassy clearing and as they chose where to sit Damian said, ‘Is it ok to wet these seats Jonathan,’ Jonathan said, ‘I usually do, it’s out in the open enough and gets the rain, so I’d say yes.’

With that Jonathan sat sideways on the bench and completely wet himself, the pee could be heard dripping softly into the grass below. Damian let himself go at about the same time too. Charlize and Francesca also sat sideways on one bench facing each other and Charlize had her legs round Francesca’s waist. Francesca said quietly, ‘go!’ and they both wet together, all the while holding each other tightly. Jonathan produced from his rucksack, two bottles of white wine, a pack of disposable plastic beakers, a packet of savoury biscuits and a complete round Brie cheese.

A knife to cut the cheese and a corkscrew joined the wine and cheese on the table and there were murmurs of approval from all around. When they had finished the snack and were preparing to leave, a pair of hikers walked into the clearing, greeted the assembly with a cheery ‘Bonjour’ then were gone again. ‘That was close,’ said Carl with a smile, ‘I think they were more surprised to see us than we were to see them,’ said Jonathan. ‘I don’t think they noticed anything strange they didn’t seem to look closely.’

‘Actually,’ Jenny said, ‘I found it kind of hot that we were almost caught. If I was on my own, I would have been terribly embarrassed but with a group of us I feel quite brave.’ This remark was greeted with good-natured laughter, and they set off toward home.

As they walked Jenny could see David’s legs glistening as he re-wet his jeans and she dribbled a little more. Jonathan was walking with them at this point, and he said to Jenny, ‘You prefer to just do it slowly and not all at once then.’ She smiled and said, ‘It seems naughtier somehow so when I feel a slight urge to wee, I give in to it and let go, I’ll be soaked by the time we get back but a little at a time.’ Jonathan could see that the wet crescent she had had before, now covered over half of her bottom and was creeping down the insides of her thighs. ‘I don’t mind how it works out, I just love to see her wet,’ David added. James and Damian had both re-wet, the legs of their trousers were wet down to their trainers.

At the end of the hike Charlize seemed to be in a little discomfort and walked a little slower, Francesca hung back a little to stay with her. Jonathan asked if she was ok and she said she was a little sore which Jonathan took to be a bit foot sore. When they were back at the Manoir and before aperitifs Charlize found Jonathan in his office and asked if he had any gentle skin cream of any sort. He said, ‘yes but I have some salts if you want to soak your feet first and then apply the cream afterwards.’ Charlize smiled and said, ’No it’s not my feet that are sore, look.’ And with that she pulled down her shorts, she had no knickers on, and said, ‘Here, I think it’s nappy rash, I’ve wet the bed twice in a row now and been wet most days as you know.’ Jonathan looked and saw small, angry, red spots covering the very top of her legs and just above her bush and spreading down into it.

‘And look here,’ she said and turned round so Jonathan could see that the lower part of her bottom also had the spots. ‘Ouch’ Jonathan said, ‘they look sore.’

‘Yes’, said Charlize ‘and they itch like crazy!’ I know, said Jonathan, ‘I’ve had that before, I remember the itching.’

‘Come with me,’ he said, ‘I have just the answer.’ Charlize followed him to the main bathroom and opening a drawer he handed her a tube of cream. ‘It’s Calendula Cream,’ he said, ‘Natural and made from Marigolds, mothers have been using it for generations. It’s always worked for me. Apply that fairly generously now and before you go to bed, then after you shower in the morning, you should be a lot more comfortable by breakfast time. If you can stay dry tonight, it would help of course. I don’t really like to ask but is your bedwetting involuntary or on purpose?’

‘Occasionally I wet in my sleep,’ she said, ‘but usually intentional when I wake up wanting to pee and I just do it from habit almost. Francesca loves it and she will wet almost the same time.’ Jonathan said, ‘here’s a tip, handing her another container, ‘this is a skin care cream with a coconut oil base, soft on the skin, apply this all round where you might get wet after the calendula and it will act as a partial barrier cream so your skin may not get so wet.’ Charlize put her arms around Jonathan’s neck and kissed him and said, ‘you are a darling Jonathan, thank you so much, see you later.’

After dinner the talk turned to things that make you wet yourself and they discussed how running water could induce a need to pee, someone suggested whistling as well as some high musical notes and latchkey syndrome featured also. Most said that they had wet themselves at the door to home and it was agreed that it was the proximity of relief that really was the trigger. Lisa spoke up and said, ‘what about hypnosis, anyone tried it?’ Damian said, ‘I’ve though about it but it worries me a bit.’ Lisa said, ‘carl and I have been playing with it and I’m getting some good results. Jonathan, can I try on you?’ Jonathan hesitated a moment then said, ‘why not it might be a laugh.’ Lisa sat him on a chair facing her and started speaking in a soft low voice telling him that he felt tired and wanted to close is eyes. She continued for about two minutes and then said, ‘Jonathan, can you hear me?’

Jonathan, his eyes now closed, responded, ‘yes’, Lisa proceeded to get him to relate how he started wetting and how old he was at the time. Then she said, ‘Jonathan, I’m going to bring you back to the present now but whenever you hear the word ‘Rain’ you will wet yourself there and then. Is that agreed?’ Jonathan said, ‘yes’. Counting down from ten to one Lisa woke him up. He was a little confused and asked what he had revealed under hypnosis. Lisa told him but omitted the instruction she had implanted. They continued general conversation for another hour or two then everyone made moves towards going to bed.

At that point Lisa turned to Jonathan and said, ‘Jonathan, we’re travelling back tomorrow, have you any idea what the weather is going to be like? Do you think it will rain? No sooner had she said this that Jonathan stood still, repeated, ‘rain’ as if it were a strange word then promptly and completely wet his trousers. Everyone cheered and said, ‘well done Lisa’. Lisa turned to Jonathan, flung her arms around his neck and whispered in bis ear, ‘I told you I would make you wet yourself like Carl before the weekend was out,’ and kissed him. Jonathan admitted that the experience of having no control was a definite turn-on and thanked Lisa saying, ‘I would like to know more about that if you and Carl want to come back sometime.’

Monday

After breakfast everyone was talking about travelling home again and having to go back to normal life. Francesca and Charlize lived and worked together in Brussels in the circus that was the European Commission headquarters, James and Damian had the shortest journey to Lyon, David and Jenny were heading for the ferry at Caen to take the overnight ferry to Portsmouth then home to Salisbury the next day and Carl and Lisa were heading back to Barcelona where they ran a restaurant and bar. All the guests, though they were more like friends now thought Jonathan, were chatting about the weekend and how they had enjoyed the freedom to be their true selves, Jonathan asked if they had enjoyed the weekend and everyone said that they had really enjoyed the time spent together.

Jonathan asked if they would think about doing it again sometime with maybe a different mix of guests and all said they would but also, they had discussed among themselves that they would like the same group to make it an annual event on a date Jonathan could set. Jonathan was visibly emotional at that and said that he couldn’t have wished for a better outcome and that he felt he had made eight real friends this weekend. Lisa and Carl invited Jonathan to spend a couple of days with them in Barcelona. Carl said, ‘we have a house overlooking the beach to the south of town and the floors are all marble or tile, so clean-up is easy.’ Lisa said to Jonathan, ‘I had better release you from the hypnotic trigger or else anytime anyone mentions rain there will be an accident.’ Jonathan, looking down at his darkening jeans, laughed and said, ‘I suppose you are right, but I’ll keep them on for the morning now as a reminder.’

Damian handed each of them a small thumb drive and said, ‘Jonathan is going to upload this video to omorashi.org tonight as we have all agreed but here is your own copy.’ They thanked him and said their goodbyes. As Jonathan watched them drive away, he was warmed by trickles down his legs as he peed once more.

