Sensual Control

Author: RTY1

*000*2020-02-11 02:54

I've only ever tried to write two omorashi-based erotic stories, both on a different fetish site, and this is my first-ever posting of such a nature here.

I'm focused almost solely on the dynamics of the play between the characters instead of the characters themselves, so there's no real character backstory or development unfortunately. But I hope it's still thrilling for what it's good for. Sorry if some of the words sound vulgar, I'm quite new at this kind of writing. This kind of story would be my own fantasy.

--

Sheila was under the control of Dale and, as told, was wearing light blue panties under a short skirt. She hadn't used the bathroom at all that day as instructed by D and was currently sitting uncomfortably on a foldout chair as D ran his hands up and down her legs.

A plug-in fountain was trickling in the warm room as D stroked S's trembling legs, pink from arousal though she wasn't allowed to orgasm either. Her need to pee stood at a 7/10, and D was always quick to replenish the several glasses of water and pop* he had sitting on the table.

D wasn't wearing anything but a T-shirt and tight briefs, which gave him his own pressure while giving her something to concentrate on in her need.

D stroked concentrated circles right outside her panties while she whimpered and drank another glass. Her hips bucked slightly as a brief wave of desperation hit her, though she kept the blue fabric dry. D noticed, causing his own body to pulsate; she made a gritting sound as if trying very hard to lift something. As gently as possible, D felt his way up one side of her crotch, and then down the other, feeling for any twitch of arousal, desperation or otherwise. He didn't let her clit feel direct satisfaction, instead putting his palm over her bladder and pushing gently. S's legs jumped up and down and she hissed with struggle and pain.

She wasn't perfectly shaved, with a bit of fuzz, and D took great care to reach slightly under those panties, grab a few, and play with them, tickling her slightly. He could see a slight bump under the middle of the cotton representing her engorged clit, just as desperate to be stroked as her pee hole was to let that stream go. She was extremely turned on by holding and being controlled, orgasm-wise and bladder-wise. He could torture her for quite a while at each other's thrill.

Instead of going near that cute little bump, he instructed her to slide her butt forward on the chair, causing her panties to ride up, and then, while pressing her stomach again, took her waistline and stretched it upwards, to effect a cameltoe. Then, he stroked gently up and down below that little bump, closer to her urethra than her pleasure centre. She rocked forward as if offering herself, when it was really just her desperate way of managing her need to pee. She wriggled a little, just as D's underwear did. By this point a tiny wet spot of pre-cum appeared on her panties, similar to D's on his. As punishment, he jerked her legs wider, instructed her to have some pop, and the flicked that wet clit of hers, three times. She yelped and hissed, her hips and butt wriggling around on the seat, but she held firm.

Ignoring himself, D finally pulled her blue panties aside and watched for a full minute as her lips sometimes pulsated, her clit throbbing as she fought the urge to release. Telling her to drink the next glass of soda, he firmly pressed on her stomach again while watching closely to see how her crotch responded. She had firm instructions never to allow pee to hit his face (or leave her bladder for that matter) so he tested her by coming in very close and blowing on that red clit.

She almost thrust herself into his face as she whimpered. Those lips pulsed tightly as she desperately tried harder to hold it all in. She was closer to a 9 now, given the soda and water, and his pressure didn't help in the least. A leaky stream briefly ran down, out from between those lips and onto the seat as her legs and hips vibrated, bounced, her crotch wriggling forward and back in agony.

He flicked his tongue over that swollen clit. She almost cried out, and she bounced up and forward. Another quick leak. He slapped her across those lips, twice, and then gave another flick. She impulsively bounced back, cried out again, and a spurt left her. Spreading her wide, he found her betraying hole and jammed an index finger hard against it. She reeled.

As he did this, he circle-stroked her everywhere between the legs, teasing parts of her while she strained and moaned and pulsated. More precum leaked out, and he flicked it away; his index finger couldn't stop every little spurt that fought its way out, so he took it away and slapped her entire pussy, then her stomach. Then he stopped and just watched, letting her blue underwear fall back in place, ensuring his position between her legs. She looked red, in the face and between the legs, as she continued to wriggle and breath heavily. Best to go back to playing nice. He stroked the edges of both lips as she desperately thrust her crotch forward in her struggle to stop the flow.

"Okay," he decided. "Let a brief spurt out. Not more than a second's worth, as strong a stream as you can make it. Then stop as fast as you can."

Obediently, she tried to do exactly that. With those blue panties still in the way, she had brief trouble relaxing her muscles, but then she started going. He pulled them out of the way, letting her warm pee soak his own underwear, then told her to stop; she petered out quickly before her whole crotch tensed up again, pink lips closing together fast.

He lazily stroked her clit up and down a few times; it throbbed and grew larger as S's legs moved even more as she fought an even larger desperation from having stopped. Leaving that pink gland to throb up and down, he used two fingers to stroke her outer lips up and down while riding her warm, wet blue panties up the middle, putting pressure on that desperate clit. As usual, she gritted her teeth and sounded like she was struggling to lift a deadweight.

Another spurt briefly filled her underwear; he pulled it aside, spread her open again, and rubbed her pee hole with an index finger. "Try to stop peeing now," he taunted as her spasming hit a new level; several short bursts erupted between his fingers as she cried out and rocked, wriggled, thrust and bounced. She was losing her battle. She was no doubt at a 10/10. She had another drink.

D let her panties slap back against her pussy as she did her best to stop her spurts, but no matter how much she thrust backwards and tried to close her legs against him, it was very stop-and-start. He exposed her clit and began licking mercilessly, causing her to squirt both pee and cum; with the former stream hitting its max - she was edging towards orgasm - her muscles were finally spent. She peed, and, very quickly, orgasmed shortly after as D buried his face into those lips and sucked, licked and stroked in a frenzy. It was an orgasm she wouldn't forget, even if she failed her master, who was just as glad she did as he was full of punishment ideas; up to him, she wouldn't enjoy this much pleasure for another several days, no touching allowed whatsoever. Starting, naturally, after he got his own fill and they explored their sexual passion mutually together.

**

*"Pop" is soft drink in Canadian vernacular.

Thanks for reading, hope it was enjoyable. Unlikely I'll ever get to experience that myself, so writing is a nice escape.

*002*2020-02-13 21:42

{{On 2/11/2020 at 3:15 AM, huberp76 said:

This is a really, really great story. I love all of it!

Sheila did wear light blue panties under a short skirt. She did not use the bathroom all day, I am sure she was not allowed!

She was needing to wee really bad.

Dale made her drink, he pressed in her belly, he pushed on her overfilled bladder. Torture pure.

I love that, it is so hot!

Dale let her wee for one second and then she had to stop. So difficult if you need to pee so bad.

The fabric of Sheila,s panties was wet from pee.

All so great and arousing! Thank you!

Does she get punished for not being able to hold it?

}}

In my mind, at that point they both hit the zenith of their arousal, so they can't keep off each other. Also, she does get punished in the form of no touching herself for the next several days (in the final sentence). All those punishments can be made into a separate story.

*004*2020-02-16 04:14

That sort of dynamic is one I'd certainly dream of. But a dream it'll always likely be.

*006*2020-02-19 00:33

No, those were just random names I came up with, but interesting connection. Maybe it was subliminal? Subconscious?

Maybe I'll post my actual first erotic fiction, which doesn't use names at all as I just wanted to focus on the desperation and dynamic.

