Secretly Female

Author: redlaw 

*013*2021-11-30 16:17

Here is part 2 of chapter 2. I wrote this in short sections, rather than all together in one or two (or three or four, these things do take a while) long sittings, so I was worried it might feel disjointed and nonsensical, but on proofreading it seems to have turned out okay. As I've mentioned, I'll probably be doing less writing for the forseeable future - FFXIV Endwalker is coming out on Friday, and I'll be filling most of my free time with that, and I've gotten more busy with my current business as well. 

Also from January I'll be studying, and eventually looking to change to a different career, and the studying will take a lot of my time from January to April, and after exams are over and I find new work, that will also take more time than I'm used to. Altogether I'm expecting to have a lot less free time from now on, so it'll probably take longer to finish any chapters I want to write and I'll probably be wanting to write less when I have other things I want to do in free time too. But anyway, we'll see how that turns out when it turns out. For the moment, here's the new (half) chapter: 

###

“Well, well, well. That looks like the gait of a man with a recently-emptied bladder. Stay behind after class, corporal.” The rest of the class giggled at Sgt. Ira's accusation. 

“B- but-” Holly began. 

“No 'buts'. Now what do you say when your superior has given you an order?” 

“Y- yes, sir.” She finished, deflated. 

“Good. Now get back in line. We're learning to march, but we can't go anywhere without our leader.” 

The next half an hour was spent practising marching drills, with Holly learning how to lead the column with marching commands and sending them all over the quadrangle. Her bladder refilled as the lesson drew on, but because her legs were in constant motion, she found the discomfort reasonably manageable. 

“Alright corporal, the lesson's almost over. Lead them back to the yellow line we started from and bring them to attention there.” Sgt. Ira instructed as the large clock on the wall overlooking the area ticked to 9:25. 

“Sir, yes sir! LEFT TURN!” Holly turned to the left, toward the line, and the column behind her followed suit. 

“MARK TIME!” she and the students behind her began to march on the spot, with Holly standing just to one side of the yellow line on the floor. 

“RIGHT TURN!” 

“AT-TENTION!” a loud thump rang out across the concrete as the students came to attention as one. 

“Good. That was a much better attention than the one we started with. Now, all that's left for the moment is the dismissal. Usually, on the order “DISMISSED”, the file would turn to the right as one like a normal right turn, then salute to the picture of Her Highness we have displayed on the right wall. However, many of you are nobles and according to the fealty contracts the nobility are subject to, some of you will be exempt from saluting to the crown. Thus, when the dismissal order is given, you'll all turn to the right as one, and those of you who aren't lords elector or heirs apparent to a lord elector title will salute, and the rest of you will wait for the salute's five-count to finish. Once the salute finishes, you are all free to break ranks and enjoy your breaktime. All of you, that is, except Corporal Green.” He flashed a sly grin at her. “Now, if you will corporal, dismiss your fellow students.” 

“DISMISSED!” Holly called out, turning to the right. She, along with about half the file, kept her hands at her sides, as her father was a lord elector. Technically, she was an heir presumptive, not an heir apparent, but she'd only make a debut as a maiden if her now-infertile mother miraculously bore a male, so she was expected to behave as an heir apparent. Besides, heirs presumptive were also not expected to salute to the crown, they just weren't mentioned because heirs presumptive were necessarily female. Without going into too much detail, this was because the monarch of Flava was considered an executor of the combined will of the lords of Flava, rather than someone who stood above them. Because of this, commoners and those with non-hereditary titles saluted to the monarch as a representative of the nobility, but the hereditary nobles were not expected to salute to someone that represented themselves. 

The rest of the students scattered toward the various doors arranged about the quad as Holly stood, eyes toward the floor, waiting for Sgt. Ira to address her. “CORPORAL GREEN!” he shouted into her face, “WHAT PART OF 'DON'T TRY TO DO ANYTHING ELSE' DO YOU NOT UNDERSTAND?!” 

“I-” 

“That wasn't a cue for you to speak. WHEN YOU ENROLLED IN THIS SCHOOL, YOU AGREED TO BE SUBJECT TO THE DISCIPLINE OF THE SCHOOL WITHOUT QUESTION, REGARDLESS OF YOUR STATION OUTSIDE THE SCHOOL! DON'T THINK YOUR STATUS AS A FUTURE LORD WILL EARN YOU ANY FAVOURS HERE! YOU WILL OBEY THE INSTRUCTIONS OF YOUR SUPERIORS, OR YOU WILL BE EXPELLED! IS THAT CLEAR?!” 

“Y- yes.” Holly whimpered, holding back tears. She squirmed subtly on the spot as she cowered, becoming more aware of the discomfort that had built in her abdomen now that she was no longer moving her feet. 

“YES WHAT?!” 

“Y- SIR, YES SIR!” 

“Good. Remember, the position of corporal means that you're to stand as an example to your fellow students, and I will accept nothing less than your best in that. Right, now I have work to do. Come with me.” He brought her into the school building, and up two flights of stairs to a door labelled 2D. Holly recognised it as the location of her next lesson on her schedule. “Stand there until break is over. I believe you have a lesson here next too, so once the bell rings, direct your classmates to line up along this wall behind you, and I will let you in when I'm ready to begin the class.” 

Holly nodded, then paused for a few moments before jerking in realisation and adding “Sir, yes sir.” The sergeant entered the room and closed the door behind him, leaving her squirming alone in the hallway. A toilet door stood opposite her, tempting her silently with thoughts of relief. The hallway was completely empty, and no one would be around for some time yet. She had time to relieve herself, and no students were around to walk in on her. But no, Sgt. Ira was sitting in his classroom, and he'd know something was up if she made a move. She'd have to stand there, right in front of the toilet, and wait as her only opportunity for the next two and a half hours closed. 

She pulled her waistband up her hips, driving the seat of her trousers into her crotch. It helped a little, and her squirming slowed. She was as desperate now as when she'd taken that detour while retrieving her sash. “Aah, I really shouldn't have done that” she thought to herself in frustration, noting that, while it probably wouldn't have made for particularly graceful marching, she'd easily have made it to this point if she'd just held it. This time, she'd have to wait at least three times as long. She weighed up her options: 

She could knock on the door and ask Sgt. Ira if she could go, but she was being punished for this exact thing and it was not likely that she'd be believed about her urgency so soon after having supposedly just gone for a wee. 

She could ask in class when it got unbearable. She didn't want to draw that sort of attention to herself, but it would mean a good chance to use a toilet when no one else was around. However her next class was with Sgt. Ira and even under normal circumstances he didn't come across as the sort of teacher likely to allow that, let alone in her current situation. 

She could try to pretend it was something else, like a stomachache, and get released to the nurse for health reasons, and then find a toilet on the way. 

The third option stood out to her as the most sensible. Ultimately, she was going to get to the point where she wouldn't be able to hide her urgency any more; if she could try to make her motions ambiguous enough that they could be passed off as something less embarrassing, that would at least take some scrutiny off her, as long as she found a way out before anyone actually saw any urine. And in the worst case, if someone did see that, then anything she'd said before hand was irrelevant anyway. Having decided on a course of action, she shifted her pose somewhat, grabbing her left arm with her right hand and crossing the forearm over her belly, and bending forward slightly as she leant against the wall. Hopefully, she now looked a bit more like she was in pain and less like she was desperate. 

A bell rang loudly on the wall behind her, startling her and forcing her thighs together as her bladder spasmed. Students began appearing in the hallway after a few moments, and she directed those approaching her door to queue behind her. One student ducked into the toilet instead of following her directions. She couldn't help but feel that he was taunting her, despite her careful efforts to hide her situation. After a few moments, the door rattled and Sgt. Ira appeared before her. “Okay class, your seats are assigned according to marching order. File in and fill them from the front right to the front left, and then behind that from the left to the right, alternating the order in each row.” he instructed as the students filed in. Holly took her seat at the front right of the room as her fellow students moved past her, working out their positions. 

“Okay class, our first topic will be the War of The Lilies. We will look-” the classroom door opened again, interrupting Sgt. Ira as he began. The student whom Holly saw use the bathroom earlier tiptoed in, coming face-to-face with the sergeant. “Why are you late, private?” 

“I- I was in the toilet.” the boy responded haltingly. 

“You've just had a 15 minute breaktime, plenty of time to sort that stuff out. Now is lesson time, and you are wasting it. See me at lunchtime. Now, presumably that open desk is yours. Sit, and we'll get on with the lesson.” Ira turned back to the class as the student found his seat. “Now, as I was saying, our first topic will be the War of The Lilies. We will look at the political and social setting of the war, and its causes and effects on the world at large. To start with, can anyone tell me the two principal participants in it?” No one moved as he looked around the room. “Oh come on, at least one of you must have already studied this? No? Corporal, what about you?” He turned toward Holly. “Stand up, and lets hear what you can tell us.” 

Rising carefully, she couldn't help but bend forward slightly and press her thighs together as she answered. “Uh- F- Floraden and Dathomir?” She spoke haltingly, trying to sound uncertain. She knew a fair amount about the war, but she didn't want to attract too much attention by seeming nerdy. 

“Exactly! See, I knew someone would know.” Holly sat down, sighing quietly as she squirmed about, failing to get comfortable. “To be more precise, Floraden was a Kingdom and Dathomir styled itself as a “Citizens' State”. The two countries existed in the pre-cataclysm period, shortly before the still poorly-understood Celestial Cataclysm. Surviving records from that period are scant, and filled with superstition, but we've managed to piece together much of what happened during this war, primarily due to the good record-keeping practices of the Floradenes...” 

The lesson continued on, with Sgt. Ira talking about the political situations of the two states, the natures of the leaders and a variety of other details. Holly tried to stay attentive and take notes in her workbook, but her toilet situation was getting progressively worse. She couldn't find a comfortable position, and couldn't help squirming slightly in her seat straight from the start of the lesson. By fifteen minutes in, she was already bent forward with her legs crossed tightly, and had lost concentration on what the sergeant was saying. A spasm rolled through her, and she gripped her chair with both hands, pulling against it as she squirmed intensely in the seat and grimaced in discomfort. She longed to press a hand into her crotch, but that would make it too obvious what she was dealing with, and she needed to hold on to that ambiguity if she had any chance of saving her dignity. 

Thirty minutes later and she was struggling severely. She'd pushed her chair away from the desk and had both hands on her knees, pressing down with the weight of her body to help reinforce her pelvic floor. She quivered slightly in this position as waves of urgency rolled through her, her eyes shut tight, trying not to notice the whispers of the class around her, wondering what was wrong. The bell rang, signalling the start of the second period (this was a double lesson) and startling her, causing her to gasp audibly as she felt the sensation of liquid flowing from her urethra. Tears filled her eyes as warmth blossomed in her underwear, the wetness running down to her butt before soaking into the fabric. 

“-orporal. Corporal? Corporal!” She slowly became aware of a voice addressing her as she managed to cut off the flow, and opened her eyes to see Sgt. Ira standing in front of her desk. “Corporal, what's wrong? You look like you're in pain. Are you sick?” He asked, apparently in genuine concern. 

“T- I- er- s- stomachache” she whimpered back, barely clinging to the wherewithal she needed to continue her deception. 

“Okay, I'll send you to the nurse's office. Just wait a few minutes for the hallway to clear.” His voice had taken on a markedly different tone; it had softened, and it felt encouraging and delicate. 

She held the same position for a few more minutes, quivering and pressing against her lap, until the sergeant spoke again “Okay, the hallway should be empty now. Go to the nurse's office. It's on the ground floor near the reception. If you take the stairs on your left, it's just across the hall at the bottom.” He pointed to another student a few desks away. “You, go with him. Make sure he gets there safely, and then report straight back here.” 

“Well, so much for finding a toilet on the way” Holly thought as she stood carefully, keeping her thighs together and bending almost double. She crossed one forearm over her belly again, gripping her other arm as she tried to prevent her hands from wandering toward her crotch. Slowly, she made her way out of the door and started down the corridor, flanked by her fellow student. In her current state, even being free to walk around made little difference to her urgency, and her bladder pulsed with each footfall. As they approached the stairwell, a particularly powerful spasm rocked her, and she fell against the wall, lifting a leg up and letting out a quiet moan involuntarily. Her accompaniment waited quietly for her, concern writ plainly on his face. “Will you be okay on the stairs?” he asked as she started moving once more. 

“I'll- manage.” Holly managed to gasp as she tensed herself and pressed her weight against the railing. 

Step by step, she lowered herself, hanging onto the banister to minimise the impacts of her feet. The other student went ahead of her, looking ready to catch her if she fell. As she reached the first floor landing, she fell hard onto her foot, and hot urine rushed toward her exit, radiating warmth within her crotch. Unable to bear it as she was, she buried a hand in her pocket, reaching across to press against her vulva. Mercifully, her companion was turned away from her, beginning to descend the next set of stairs, so her actions went unnoticed as she tried to contain the waters within her urethra. 

The fabric of her underwear brushed past her clitoris as she clawed toward her sphincter, and a shock of pleasure played across her pelvic floor. The walls of her urethra squeezed together as the unexpected sensation triggered muscle spasms, and its contents shot out into the waiting garment, failing to absorb and running down the girl's leg as a rivulet. She wiped away the liquid with the hand in her pocket, then returned to her fake-stomachache stance before the descending student turned back toward her. 

The diminishing sensation of arousal proved to reinforce her somewhat, and she found the next flight of stairs somewhat easier while it lingered. It began to wane as she approached the penultimate landing, and as her feet hit the final step, a contraction began to build once more. She squirmed on the spot as her fellow student turned once more, and she carefully released the button on her fly and quietly pulled the zip down as she watched him for any signs of turning. He remained focused on his descent as the zip clicked down, link by link, until it was no longer exerting pressure on her belly. 

Even beneath her shirt, she could see a slight lump where her bladder protruded above her pubic bone, and she cradled the organ in her hand as she began her next descent, feeling each footfall in her palm as her detrusor spasmed slightly with each step. About halfway down the flight, the shock from a step forced her sphincter open unexpectedly, and a stream of liquid hissed quietly out into her clothing, shooting down her left trouser leg as she whimpered slightly. She stood stock-still, hunched forward in her stomach-ache pose, quivering in tension as she watched droplets from her trouser leg form a puddle on the step. Mercifully, the student waiting at the bottom was at the wrong angle to see what was going on, and he asked “are you all right?” as he heard her whimper and watched her stop. 

“Y- yeah, just... a... se-” he began climbing toward her as she tried to force her urethra closed. In a panic, she put a foot forward and continued down the stairs, leaving a trail as she tried to regain control while moving. “I- I'm fine, just wait there” she gasped, desperate for him to stay at that angle where he couldn't see anything. The stream transitioned to a series of spurts over the next few steps, and then the spurting stopped as she continued to tense. 

Carefully, she lowered herself to the end of the staircase, acutely aware of the drips still falling from her trouser leg as she closed on the student at the bottom. As she approached, he muttered “I'll go and tell the nurse” and dashed off through the door at the far end of the corridor, leaving Holly alone in the hallway. Without hesitation, she shoved a hand into her sodden underwear as he turned away, feeling immediately bolstered as she pressed a finger against her sphincter directly. Now, with a hand bolstering her faculties, she was more able to deal with the accident behind her. First, she bent over and wiped the hem of her trousers with a finger, stopping the remaining droplets from falling. 

Then, she turned back toward the staircase and began wiping up the drips that were already there with a handkerchief she produced from her pocket. Keeping an ear out for the footsteps of her accompaniment, she climbed the stairs once more and squatted down to try to address her puddle. She couldn't get rid of it entirely with just a handkerchief and the time she had, so instead she swept the liquid sideward toward the railing with the square of fabric, trying to spread it out and make it look thinner and less recent. The puddle looked colourless against the dark stone of the stairs, but the staining on the handkerchief clearly revealed its golden hue as it began to soak in. 

She managed to force the worst of the liquid over the edge and into the stairwell, and the remaining puddle lost the clearly-defined meniscus that revealed its recency. Stumbling down the stairs once more, she pulled the hand out of her crotch and returned her handkerchief to her pocket. Returning to her fake stomach-ache position as before, she slowly made her way to the door marked “Infirmary”. The student who'd accompanied her dashed past as she approached, barely looking at her as he hurried back to the classroom, presumably worried that Sgt. Ira would think he took too long and put him in detention for doing something else, like Holly had been earlier. 

“Stomach-ache?” A blonde woman in a white uniform queried as she entered. When Holly nodded, she instructed “take off your straps, belts and jacket and lie down on the bed over there so I can examine you. I'm Miss White, the school nurse.” Holly staggered to a halt as she heard the word “examination”. It hadn't occurred to her that she might be examined by the nurse. She was hoping that she'd get to the infirmary and be told to lie down for a bit, and then she could hold herself in a bed without being noticed until long enough had passed that she could ask to be excused without making it look like she'd just feigned illness to be allowed to use a toilet.

She was struggling to hold on as it is, and wasn't sure she'd be able to take being poked and pressed on as the nurse tried to work out what was wrong. On top of that, she'd been asked to remove the only things that were keeping her chest from protruding visibly, and the nurse might notice her breasts as she focused on the area just below them. 

Nonetheless, she began removing her regalia, bundling it into her arm as she began to approach the indicated bed. She'd just have to bear it until she got the opportunity to ask to be excused. She shrugged her jacket off as she lowered herself carefully onto the mattress, falling into a foetal position with her back to the nurse, shoving a hand into her crotch unseen as her bladder complained at the motion. The nurse stood up and locked the door, before pulling on a pair of white latex gloves as she turned toward the bed.

“Okay, roll onto your back and pull up your shirt so we can see what's wrong.” She instructed as she approached the desperate girl, and Holly complied slowly, moving her hand away from her trousers and using it to pull up her shirt as she rolled. On her back, Holly was uncomfortably aware of the two protrusions from her upper body that seemed so large to her as to be impossible to ignore, but the nurse apparently paid them no heed as she turned her attention to the area around the girl's navel. 

“Now, can you tell me where you feel the worst of the pain” the nurse asked, and Holly pointed toward her upper belly, trying to keep the nurse's attention away from both her bladder and her breasts. “Okay, I'm just going to press around that area, to see if there are any obvious problems.” Holly winced as the nurse pushed her skin downward, the pressure affecting her bladder even at that distance. A trickle of urine began to flow from her sphincter, intensifying each time the nurse pressed.

“There appears to be some swelling and spasming a bit further down”, the nurse described as Holly felt the palpations move toward her bladder, and an “Aah!” came from her mouth as she tried to think of something to say to stop her going further. “I know it hurts, but it'll all be o- huh?” A press directly on her bladder overwhelmed Holly's defenses, and a powerful stream of urine hissed out into her clothing as she tried in vain to hold her sphincter closed. The crotch of her trousers sparkled as liquid squeezed through the fabric, forming a visible stream that ran down between her legs to the bed, where it pooled as a yellow circle on the sheets. 

Holly's hands shot down to her crotch and she bent double and turned to one side as she urinated full-force into her trousers. “I- if you needed the toilet, you should've said!” The nurse called out as she dashed across the room to a cupboard. “I'll get you a bedpan, just wait there and try to hold it in.” 

“N- no, I c- can go to a t- toilet.” Holly replied, rolling out of the bed as urine streamed down her legs. She'd managed to reduce the flow somewhat, and her pee left her as a series of powerful spurts when she tried to stumble across the room. “I'm not letting you out there to wee all over the hallway. I'll get in trouble. Here's a bedpan, try to get as much as you can in there. Now let me help you with those clothes.” She slid the metal bowl toward the urinating student, and moved toward her to help with her clothing. Holly shook her head, not willing to let the nurse see her naked, even in this situation. 

She was quite the pitiful sight: hunching over by the door, a yellow puddle rippled around her feet as she continued to pump squirts of urine into her soaked clothing, and she had her waistband pulled up as far as she could, trying to prevent her trousers from being pulled down while also grinding their crotch into her vulva. “Look, whatever you have down there that you don't want me to see, I can assure you I've seen it before. There's nothing to be shy about, now please” the nurse pleaded, reaching toward the urinating girl's trousers. Her pleas were answered by a high-pressure golden spray forcing its way out through the crotch of Holly's trousers as she cowered away from the encroaching hand. 

The nurse's expression soured as droplets of urine splashed her arm. She sighed as she chose a different tactic: “I didn't want to have to do this, but if you don't use the bedpan now, I will make sure to talk to the administration and have you expelled for public urination and faking illness.” At this, Holly's world came crashing down. She had two options: pull down her clothes, revealing her vulva to the nurse and getting expelled for being female, or stay as she was and get expelled for wetting herself. Another squirt of urine spurted through her trousers as her mind blanked momentarily in despair, showering the bedpan beneath her with a cascade of droplets, a few making it into the vessel, but most adding to the puddle growing around it. Then, no longer bound by fear of expulsion, her modesty took charge, and she hooked her thumbs into her waistbands, pulling them down to her knees and freeing a powerful stream to shoot outward and add to the puddle on the floor. 

She squatted hurriedly over the metal container beneath her and relaxed fully, and her frothing stream reinforced into a torrent that arced between her spread legs, completely missing the bedpan. Holly's eyes widened in panic as she covered the shoes in front of her in her pungent emission, and she bent forward, forcing the stream down toward the middle ground between the two women, where it reflected from the edge of a floor tile in a spray that soaked the now-retreating nurse's ankles. The golden jet flicked from side to side as Holly waddled backward, slowly zig-zagging toward the toilet-seat-shaped rim of her intended target. As the cascading torrent came into contact with the lip of the vessel, the force catapulted it forward, causing it to flip over and splash down into the spreading puddle. In a panic, Holly reached for it, fumbling with the slippery wet metal as she tried to postpone her relief once more. 

Her stream slowed to a trickle momentarily as she tensed with all her might, but the incredible pressure of her contracting bladder proved too much, and she couldn't help but moan as a series of powerful spurts forced her sphincter aside. She rotated the container frustratedly, the puddle beneath her frothing and rippling as she unleashed squirt after squirt of steaming urine into it. Fumbling the vessel into the correct orientation, she shoved it hard against her, sighing loudly as she relaxed once again. 

A clattering cacophony sounded as she released a torrent of pee into the bedpan, drowning out the noises of the relieved girl above it. Holly practically sparkled with bliss at the sensation of her bladder slowly emptying. Her mind clouded and her eyes closed as she let out an uninhibited moan of satisfaction. Regardless of what came next, she was free for the moment to forget the world as she relieved herself, a freedom she had already missed so sorely, even just in those few hours she'd been at the school. 

The sounds coming from below her changed quickly into a gurgle as urine began to pool in the wide container, slowly increasing in pitch as the waters rose. The fluid sloshed about as Holly rocked unconsciously in time with her continuing bladder contractions, causing occasional splashes to jump up past the rim to further wet the girl's legs and buttocks. The pitch of the noises began to increase rapidly as the fluid level approached the seat of the device, and the sudden tickle of splashback jolted Holly out of her trance. In spite of the fullness of the vessel (designed to contain an entire bladderful of urine even from most women) and the yellow puddles surrounding her, Holly's bladder was still far from empty. She mustered up a sliver of wherewithal and tried, once more, to stop the flow, but by this point, she could just barely manage to slow it from a torrent to a stream. 

She lowered the bedpan to the floor in a hurry, causing liquid to splash out as she rose into a half-squat, the stream of urine visibly arcing toward her feet. Her trousers slipped down to her ankles as she stood, getting bathed in her unstoppable stream and saturating fully. Turning toward the vessel, she bent forward to pick it up, sending urine squirting out behind her for a moment before she returned upright. “Huh? What are you...” the nurse began as she watched the girl add to the puddle once more, trailing off when she noticed the fullness of the bedpan. Holly turned toward her with tears in her eyes, and sobbed “I- it's not big enough!” 

“Empty it in the sink, quickly!” the nurse directed her, pointing at a low basin a short distance across the room. Holly waddled toward it, leaving a wide trail behind her as she continued to soak her trousers from almost a meter away. Her torrent picked up once again as she dumped the bedpan into the sink, and another puddle expanded around her as she watched golden liquid swirl into the drain. Quickly, she dropped the emptied container beneath her and collapsed onto it, finishing her pee in a sitting position with her arms wrapped around her legs. She managed to refill the bedpan halfway again before her stream finally began to taper off, and she dropped her head onto her knees in exhaustion as the last few squirts shot out into the container beneath her. Her head swam and her eyes flickered as sleep began to overcome her. 

“Alright, alright, don't fall asleep there” the nurse's voice cut through the haze and anchored her to reality. “I can tell you're exhausted, and I'll give you the opportunity to rest in a bed, but first, we need to sort some stuff out. Firstly, I'll go into detail about the situation later, but for the moment, suffice to say I'm not going to have you expelled or tell anyone your secret. Now that that's out of the way, here are some wet wipes.” She placed a packet on the draining board of the sink. “Strip and wipe down your legs and feet with these – try to get all the urine off, and then you can pick a bed and have a nap. I'll rinse out your shoes and replace the ruined parts of your uniform, call in the janitor to clean up this mess, and wake you up around lunchtime, by which point your shoes should be mostly dry, and then after that we'll talk about your situation and how it relates to the nursing staff.” 

Holly moved in a daze, fumbling with her laces, and then kicking off everything below her waist, before grabbing a handful of wipes and dealing with the sheen of urine that seemed to cover every inch of skin below her vulva. Grabbing an ordinary tissue from the box on the nurse's desk, she wiped between her legs, quietly squeaking as the friction against her sensitised nethers caused a shock of pleasure to roll through her, turning her legs to jelly. She stumbled toward the nearest bed and collapsed into it, squirming comfortably as the pleasant fluttering sensation in her lower abdomen quickly lulled her into a peaceful sleep. 
