Is there a TOILET in the house?!?!

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-05-22 20:18

Annie was a beautiful and relaxed college girl. Skinny, but muscle as well. That day she wore a white sweatshirt that was unzipped, VERY short shorts that were tight and made of black latex (like you see on tights in the gym). She had flip flips on, and wavy dark hair. As she got out of her car after a tiresome day at school and working in the college lunch area she felt more then ready to use the bathroom. Her bladder was almost full. But enough to weigh down discomfort on her.

Annie's face twitched and frowned as she walked to her front door of her family's house. She had forgotten to use the bathroom this morning before she left. She did not wake up uncomfortable, so it was not on her mind. It had been hours since she started to feel it, and the bathroom at her college where she exited was out of order. The others were too far to walk to. After a ride home of bumps on the road which shook her bladder and sloshed the pee inside she was like, "Got to get it, get to the toilet, pull down these shorts and pee, pee, pee!"

She walked into the house. Annie dropped her bag on the floor and walked around the corner to the house's smallest of three bathrooms. It was just a sink and toilet. She went grabbed the handle and her face hit the door as she tried to push it open. Locked! She knocked and her from her mother that she was in there. Annie let out a breath of annoyance and went upstairs. She grabbed the door handle and it would not move. She banged the door hard, feeling the intensity in her bladder which pounded with heat against the inside of her stomach. "Hello? Almost done?" Her sister replied, "No!" Annie ran downstairs, each step feeling like a punch in the gut. She said, "Oh, o, eeee." She was was at the fixed up basement/living room. She saw the bathroom door closed and knocked. Her father replied his diareeha acted up. She walked backwards holding her face in disappointment and fell over the couch, her sexy exposed legs from the tight short shorts going up in the air and out from each other.

Annie sat on the couch waiting. Her arms crossed on her torso and rubbing herself. Her legs were wobbling towards and away from each other. Every now and again they would stop and would start shaking in place up and down. Her father was still in the bathroom. It had been ten minutes. The pressure of pee pain built up higher in her stomach. She got up and almost tipped from the weight of her bladder. She ran upstairs and to the first bathroom, the smallest one. She wrestled with the handle.

"Hey can you wait?" her mother yelled.

"Come on Mom!" Annie screamed. "All three of you are using these bathrooms still? I'm going to pee my pants!"

"You better not missy! Our rugs are new."

"So are these new short shorts, but my bladder can't take much mooooore." She bent over a bit and held her stomach. Then she placed her hands on her knees.

"Go try the upstairs one. I think your sister left.."

Annie ran upstairs. The joy of finally having relief made her bladder get a signal to let it out. She had to hurry or lose control. She hit the door. What was her sister doing in there? Annie banged hard. "Lizzie! Please, I'm gonna pee my pants!"

Lizzie said, "Um...sorry Annie. But I....um...." Annie could not take it anymore. She was dancing around in circles. She kicked at the door and it flung opened.

Lizzie was standing over the toilet and shoving papers down it. "Annie, I'm so sorry. These are my term papers from college, I failed each one , Mom cannot see them!"

Annie said, "Why can't you just toss them out at a public trash can!"

Lizzie said, "Because screw you that's why!" As she flushed the toilet, the sound caused a feeling of eruption in Annie. "EEEEEEEEEE!" One bare leg started to cross the other. The toilet started to overfill and water poured out of the top, splashing the floor beneath. Annie's mouth dropped opened and she bounced in place.

"Ooooohhhhh god!" Annie said. She breathed heavy. "Goodnish-gracosus-ehagso." she mumbled. She ran out and downstairs. She felt a couple drops escape and quickly crossed her legs and held still. She got home desperate to pee and that was almost an hour ago. Her bladder wanted to nearly give up an hour ago, what was she going to do? "ooooo, eeeeee, ahhhhh, eeeeeee!"

She ran outside to her neighbor's house that she knew. She knocked on the door. Mr. Stallson came out. "Annie! What can I do for you?" He seemed nervous. His shirt which was usually tucked it was hanging out.

"I am so sorry for bothering you Mr. Stallson," Annie said as her legs wobbled. "I really have to go to the bathroom and we're having issues at homes. If I can-." She tried running in but he stopped her and pushed her away.

"I'm-I'm sorry but I can't now. I'm busy."

Annie's arms crossed against her stomach and held tight. Her foot with a flip flop started to tap the ground hard. "B-but-."

"Whose that?" said a blonde lady who was NOT Mrs. Stallson hugging him. She was in her undies.

"Mr. Stallson!" Annie said. "A-are you?" He slammed the door and Annie ran off.

She ran as fast as she could in flip flops and reached her friend Mary's house. She ran up the porch and knocked on the door. She mumbled under her breath, "Cm......open upppppp!" Her legs hopped in the air back and forth. She felt the pee was going to burst out any second. She had to hold on. She knocked again. She saw the sprinklers in the neighbors yard come out of the ground and started to spray everywhere. Annie's bladder vibrated inside of her. The pee smacking against the walls like waves of a storm. "AHHHHHHHHH! COME ON!" People were walking up and down the street. She was not going to make it anywhere else. Annie was going to pee her panties and ruin her new short shorts. Mary answered the door.

"Um, hey Annie, you okay?"

Annie shook her head fast and bit her bottom lip. One legs kicked back as she hopped. "Ma-M-Marry. I-I-I n-need to use your bathroom. Please. NOW!" Mary's older brother Ronnie stood not far. He heard it as well. Being an omorashi fan, this would not be good for Annie.

Mary let her in. There was one bathroom in the house. Annie ran up and fought to get in. OCCUPIED! Ronnie was inside and looking at his web cam. A camera was on the hutch outside the bathroom and showed Annie on his screen in torment. She banged on the door hard. Both hands on it as she bounced in place. "Let me in! My bladder is going to explode! These short were $200 and will be ruined!" Ronnie was so turned on. He was not doing anything now but watching. He was saving the thoughts for tonight. Annie felt her stomach expanding and expanding further. She felt so much pressure she was in pain.

Ronnie opened the door. Annie said, "Oh thank g-."

He stopped her and grabbed one hand, placed another on her waist, and said, "Let's dance!" He hit the radio to some Spanish dance music. He held Annie close and their crotches touched. Her expanded bladder which was sensitive now against his. They danced back and forth and Mary laughed. They were dancing like in preschool again. Annie's eyes filled with tears as she was dealing with the sloshing liquids in her. She could not take it anymore. Ronnie dropped her back and held on, pulling her sexy bare leg up to his side. At that moment, Annie felt turned on a lot as well. She stole her sister's credit card to buy the shorts anyways. "Screw it," she said. Ronnie was cute anyways. Might as well make an orgasm out of this.

She let it go. She lifted her leg as far she she could and gave Ronnie a sexy smile and winked. The pee rushed out of her in a wave of intense streams. At first it burned but then it was relief. She felt her stomach deflating. The pee drizzled down her legs and dampened her whole crotch, and Ronnie's. Her feet and flip flops were soaked. In a peaceful tone, "ahhhhh, nice." Her panties were destroyed. Then she and Ronnie kissed in the puddle around them.

The end.

(no bladders or underwear were harmed in the making of this story)
