Collage catastrophe

Author: RelativelyWet

*000*2026-01-03 09:16

It was Sophia’s first week at her new college. She gets set up in her dorm by herself surprisingly so she decided to start trying something she’s wanted to for a while but couldn’t back at home. Sophia is 5’5” curvy brown hair and hazel eyes she wants to try real desperation and wetting since she hasn’t had a real accident yet but really wants to. Not in public yet so she decided to try small in her dorm before doing anything public. To get everything she needed she had to head to the store but decided to already start holding it’s 2pm now and haven’t gone since 11am, definitely could use the bathroom but nothing serious yet.

Wearing gray sweatpants and a black long black jacket She heads to the store to get drinks and a pack of period underwear to hopefully help the inevitable. On her way to the store she sees a friend and talks befor continuing on her way now needing to go but can still make it back to the dorm safely (or so she thought). She gets to the store and got her supplies, one 2 liter of coke since she heard caffeine makes you pee faster and a couple big water bottles along with her protection. As she’s waiting in line now trying to distract herself and dance in desperation. 

She hopes once she gets through the checkout she can make her way to the bathroom to change into her period underwear because she’s still not giving up on having a real accident but doesn’t want to have it be in public. As it’s becoming her turn the register is having a problem and they need to call a manager over. 

Not so bad she thought they’ll get it fixed quick but they unfortunately couldn’t fix it so she had to go to a new line now noticeably dancing but still thinks she can hold it till she gets back to the dorm safely. She finishes checking out and heads to the bathroom to change befor heading back to her dorm.

She’s now considering if she can make it or not she decides to just leak a little into the underwear so she doesn’t embarrass herself at her new school. She leaks a little and feels a bit better so she decides to leak again but a little more came out than she hoped but nothing showing on her pants. Stupidity she decides to start drinking one of the water bottles finishing around half of it.

She makes her way to her dorm and gets in the elevator to get to her floor now about to burst but was so close she knew she could make it. The elevator bell rings and as the doors open she sprints to her room trying to get her keys out as she is slowing losing control she grabs herself and regains control nearly crying at this point in pain and lust of finally having an accident but she’s not safe yet she still need a to get in her room. 

She finally gets her keys in and as she falls into her room her body gives up and gushes into her underwear but it didn’t hold nearly at all and is starting running down her gray sweatpants down to her shoes before she could think of taking them off. As it’s slowing down and realizing what just happened she is giddy with excitement that she had a REAL accident. Now sitting in her puddle of pee and rubbing herself until she gets tired and decides to just go to bed in her newly wet clothes and wash everything in the morning.

Thank you to anyone who read! This is my first story, let me know if I should continue her story and what I can do to make it better!

