Omo Quickies

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2024-07-25 15:29

Hi Omo Folks! I am going to start a new series called 'Quickies' along with the projects that are going on parallelly. Someone proposed this idea of writing super short stories as commissions. This is my first quickie commission for $12.

Quickie 1 - There's never a good reason to pee

I crossed my legs tightly as the meeting dragged on. Wearing that short skirt was definitely not a good idea, I cursed my self. The meeting room was like a freezer. That damned air condition vent was right over my head and I had to keep drinking cup after cup of coffee to keep warm. My impossibly short skirt barely covered my thighs, and every time I shifted, it felt like it rode up higher. I had consumed at least two glasses of water, a mug of protein shake at the gym and four cups of coffee since I woke up. Needless to say, my bladder was throbbing with urgency. It took all my concentration to focus on the presentation in front of me, but the mounting pressure in my abdomen was impossible to ignore. I never took pee breaks other than lunch time but today it seemed impossible.

I glanced across the table and noticed Rex, my colleague and secret crush, squirming in his seat. His usual composed demeanor was replaced with a tightness around his eyes and a subtle twitch in his leg. Leaning closer, I whispered, "Rex, are you okay?"

He murmured back, "Oh yeah! It's just my nagging bladder."

Hearing that made my own need feel even more pressing. "Tell me about it." I rolled my eyes and squirmed again to show off my toned legs and generous upskirt.

"You need to go too or what?"

"Like a racehorse." I bit my lips. He smiled and turned back to the meeting.

The minutes dragged on, turning into an endless blur of voices and slides. The pressure in my bladder was becoming unbearable and I couldn't spend a minute without clenching myself. It was exciting and painful at the same time. I could hear the heavens sing when the meeting finally adjourned after two hours. I expected Rex to rush to the bathroom, but he remained seated, his expression unreadable.

"Rex, aren't you going to the bathroom?" I asked, incredulous at his calm demeanor. Truth be told I was barely standing straight.

"Oh no! You go ahead. I will only go at night, as per my schedule," he replied.

"What schedule?" I asked desperately.

"I only go once a day Palak. I am used to this." He chugs from his water bottle.

"But why?" I cross my legs as a strong wave hits me.

"Because there's never a good reason to pee."

His words struck a chord in me, a challenge I felt compelled to meet. Determined to impress him, I resolved to hold my pee as long as he did. The second half of the day was pure torture. Every time he sipped something, I followed suit. My bladder screamed for relief as the waist band of my skirt kept getting tighter. My thighs glued together in a desperate bid to maintain control as the hours crawled by. Rex's discomfort was subtle but he remained steadfast, like a proper man. By late evening, I guess 6pm. I was about to shove my hands in my crotch for a quick squeeze. But just then he turned to me with a concerned look. "Are you okay, Palak?"

I nodded, though my voice trembled. "I'm at the brink of exploding. I have never held it for 13 hours before."

He smiled, a mix of admiration and challenge in his eyes. "You're cute. If I were you I would wait until bedtime."

"Till bedtime?" My eyes nearly popped out.

"Tell me about your experience tomorrow." He called the lift and left.

By the time I reached home I was holding 15 hours worth of pee. I was climbing the wall in despair. My teeth were afloat. I paced around, squirmed, squatted and what not! I wanted to experience what he was talking about. I forced myself to drink more and increase the difficulty. I shuddered as the clock struck 11pm and I finally waddled to the bathroom. My thong dripping wet with the leaks. Before I could take it off, my flood gates just burst open. A shiver ran down my body. A thick stream splattered in the WC and the globules of pee tingled my nether. It was orgasmic to say the least. It went on for nearly a minute and I finally slumped on the WC, sweaty and panting with exhaustion.

When I came out smiling to myself, I saw a notification on my phone from Rex. "Did you finally go?"

"OH YES!"I quickly typed. "You were right Rex! There is never a good reason to pee, unless it gives an experience like this!"

- - - The End - - -

*002*2024-07-26 06:34

{{10 hours ago, Frooger said:

Damn! Rex your stories are always so hot😍

}}

You made my day! 😁❤️

*006*2024-07-26 15:10

{{7 hours ago, huberp76 said:

Absolutely great and hot your story!!!

}}

Thanks a lot buddy! :-D

{{6 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I have to say This wasn't a good story, especially at the end. Where she drinks even more water and then has the great release

}}

The patron requested that the girl should be bursting and still she decides to drink more to add extra challenge. This is important for me to understand from your point of view too. Tell me more about it.

{{2 hours ago, eucoloco said:

New stories. Great. I love your work

}}

Hey bud! Coming from you makes me feel happy! :-)

