April`s desperate day. (A Sims 4 story)

Author: Red Simpson

*000*2020-08-31 18:52

April woke up rather late one morning which was bad as now she was late for work, she quickly gets ready by having a shower, getting dressed and eating breakfast and as she goes to leave she forgot to use the bathroom.$$

*It'll be ok I can hold on and just use the toilet at work.* she thinks to herself as she hops into her car and heads for work at the local gas station.$$

When she arrives she's greeted by her Boss Katelyn.

"Ah April it's good to see you, could you go make sure the toilet is clean?" she asks unaware of April's situation.

"Of course Katelyn....I'll do that...right now." she replies trying to maintain composure.

$$

When April enters the bathroom it took all of her strength not to sit down and pee right there, you see the company of which April works for has a strict must ask policy which states you must ask your boss to use the toilet whenever you need to relieve yourself, so for poor April it would mean she'd have to ask or try to get her Boss's attention without embarrassment.

$$

When April came out the gas station was bustling with people either filling their cars or looking at the various products on the shelves.

"Good timing April I need you to man the till while I go get more stuff from out back." Katelyn says before heading out back.

$$

$$

$$

Having to stand around and take orders from costumers made April dance around behind the counter luckily no one could see her properly to realise what was going on.

$$

Occasionally she was tasked with stocking the shelves or having to follow a costumer and see if she could help all the while her bladder was begging for relief.$$

"So you see there aren't any chocolates that my kids like, they'll all go mad if I come back without the chocolate." The costumer complains.

"Oh.....I.....I'm sorry sir, let me see if I can find anything out back." April says as she slowly loses composure.

$$

$$

After a while it became clear to April that she couldn't hold on as she felt her bladder weakening and so she finally decides to ask Katelyn if she could go use the toilet.

$$

$$

"Kate......Katelyn....I'm about to piss myself.......can I please use the toilet?" April asks doing a full on pee pee dance.

$$

$$

"Of course you can April, in fact you've been working very hard so go have a lunch break." Katelyn replies with a smile.

$$

As April gets to the door she see's OCCUPIED on the door.

"Please please pleeeeaaasssseeee hurry up I'm going to wet myself here!!!" she whines with no reply from the other side.

$$

After walking back and forth for a minute or so April suddenly stopped as she felt a huge wave of desperation wash over her.

"Nononono please don't come out." she whines to herself.$$

$$

Unfortunately her bladder couldn't hold it back any longer as the pressure in her abdomen quickly replaced itself with a rushing warm feeling in her pants.$$

Looking down to her jeans confirmed what she already knew.

$$

$$

April was completely peeing in her jeans, she couldn't stop as it felt amazingly good to let it all out after hours of holding it yet at the same time she felt very embarrassed for allowing herself to get so desperate that she would end up peeing herself.$$

After 30 seconds but what felt like forever the strong stream of urine started to weaken and cut itself off like turning off a tap leaving April soaked yet very relieved.

"Where's the manager? someone pissed themselves over here." one Costumer called out.

"Ummm I...I'm sorry April.....you.....you can go home I'll get someone to cover you today." Katelyn says as April made her way home.

###

I hope you guys enjoyed this story, it's the first time I'm using pictures in my stories so let me know if you want to see more like this, also I'm not an expert on editing my own pictures so let me know if there is anything I can do to improve for next time and I hope you guys have a good day and stay safe.

*002*2020-08-31 19:13

{{17 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Yes I definitely want you to do more fics like this with pictures, wouldn't mind seeing you do another video game omo-fic.

}}

Thank you I'll try and do more

*005*2020-08-31 21:35

{{5 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Cool, wouldn't mind a fic of Faith from Mirror's Edge being desperate.

}}

I could try that I'll have to think how I can get that to work whether I use the sims or the actual game what would be better?

*006*2020-08-31 22:06

@LifeIsStrange

I've been able to find mods for the sims that add's Faith's eye and arm tattoos so it's possible I can do it on the sims now

*010*2020-09-02 17:50

{{3 hours ago, The Shark said:

Great story! Love seeing others using the sims for content!

}}

I plan on making more stories in the future.

