The Girls' Revenge - A Persona 4 Omo Fanfiction

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2021-04-19 04:18

Another commission by @Zenkopan

! This one stars Chie, Yukiko, and Rise from Persona 4! I hope you all enjoy!

The Girls' Revenge

“Okay, Yosuke is so dead!” Chie yelled, clenching the mop she was using to clean up one of the many aisles of Junes. It earned her a few strange looks from various shoppers, but Chie ignored them as she continued to angrily mop the floor.

That day had started out like any other. Yu had called them up and asked them to come to the food court at Junes, as per usual. Chie figured it would have something to do with the murders, or the Midnight Channel, or at least something to do with the investigation, but it turned out to be something much more mundane.

“Hey guys,” Yosuke had said, grinning with his hands in his pockets, “Thank goodness you’re here. Listen, I really need a favor.”

“A favor?” Yukiko had asked, “Did something happen?”

“And why are you in your uniform?” Chie asked, crossing her arms. She knew Yosuke well enough to know where this was going.

“More importantly, why are you in a uniform, senpai?” Rise asked. Less a uniform and more a branded apron, but sure enough, Yu was also dressed like a Junes employee. To the left of him was Kanji, crossing his arms wordlessly, also clad in a Junes uniform.

Yu scratched the back of his head and turned to Yosuke, silently throwing him under the bus. Yosuke, already feeling the suspicious eyes of the girls on him, took a step back before explaining, “Well, you see, today’s the day of a really big holiday sale, and I told my dad I’d help get enough employees in, because we’re expecting it to be one of the busiest days of the year. But half the people who were supposed to show called out today. If no one shows up, I’ll be in a real pinch!”

“And so you called us so we could fill in for you? That’s ridiculous!” Chie yelled angrily.

“Y-you’ll get paid!” Yosuke defended, as though that were the issue here.

“I can’t believe you called us here just to ask us to work,” Yukiko frowned, “I was going to help out at the inn today, but I thought it was something important, so I came down anyway.”

The one-two punch of anger from Chie and guilt from Yukiko backed Yosuke into a corner. He turned to the two other boys, “Hey, help me out here guys!”

“What do you want me to say about it?” Kanji asked, glaring at Yosuke, “You didn’t tell us nothin’ before calling us out either!”

“Hey, Partner, help a brother out here?” Yosuke looked over at Yu, hoping he would give a better answer.

“I think we should help him,” Yu stated, strongly and authoritatively, like he was saying it as their leader. Yosuke let out a sigh of relief, but then Yu placed a hand on his shoulder, “But, you’re going to owe us all big time after this. And not just something from the Junes food court this time.”

Yosuke gulped, his eyes subconsciously glancing back to where he kept his wallet. Still, backed into a corner and accosted on all sides, he had no choice but to acquiesce.

“F-fine, if you guys help me out here today, tomorrow we can all go somewhere fancy, my treat.”

“Deal, but you better get me a real steak this time!” Chie demanded.

“You do owe me that fried tofu from earlier, too!”

“Right, right! Now come on! Follow me to the back. You can put on the aprons over your regular clothes.”

And so, Chie, Yukiko, and Rise found themselves in various corners of the store, helping out with different things. Yukiko was up at the cash registers. She had experience in customer service from helping out at the inn, and she was dexterous but gentle enough to properly handle the various items that came her way. Rise was off stocking shelves, not wanting to take the registers out of fear that someone would eventually recognize her, even in her normal clothes. She was also familiar with some of the brand products due to having promoted them herself as part of various deals and contracts as an idol. That left Chie on janitorial duty, at least for now. Currently she was mopping up in an area towards the back of the store that looked like it hadn’t been cleaned in weeks. Shoe stains and grime were practically caked into the tiled floor, and it would take more than one or two passes of the mop to make things look presentable.

Chie’s enthusiasm for steak had replaced much of her frustration, at least at the start. However, the longer she worked, the more it started to set in that she’d literally been roped into a day’s worth of work unfairly. This was supposed to have been her day off, and she had planned on taking the opportunity to train, but now she was stuck mopping filthy floors and cleaning a store she didn’t even properly work for.

“I still can’t believe I agreed to this!” Chie grumbled to herself, listening to the water slosh around in the bucket as she dipped the mop back into the now-filthy water. She glanced down and sighed, realizing the water needed to be changed. Stopping and making sure the wet floor signs hadn’t fallen over despite their cheap, flimsy construction, Chie hoisted the bucket up and headed back to the janitor’s station.

She dumped the filthy water into the large sink and turned on one of the many faucets, refilling the bucket. She also took care to mix in some of the sanitation fluid like Yosuke had instructed, though she didn’t bother to properly measure. The strong scent of commercial cleaner stung her nose and she sighed again, turning off the water now that the bucket was full.

As she walked back to where she was cleaning before, hearing the water slosh and splash around in the bucket, she realized that she had to go to the bathroom. It was nothing too urgent, at least not yet, but she tried to remember back to when Yosuke said they had lunch break. She couldn’t remember if he said in two or three hours, but that had to have been at least an hour ago. She glanced at her phone to check the time and sighed. It had only been a half hour.

“You’ve gotta be kidding me!” Chie once again spoke to herself, startling one of the customers behind her. She offered a half-hearted apology, and then returned to mopping the floor. Her filling bladder nagged at the back of her mind, but she figured she’d just wait until lunch break. She didn’t think Yosuke would have the nerve to nag her about not working after roping them all into this mess, but she wasn’t about to find out.

While Chie was complaining to herself about Yosuke, Yukiko had actually gotten into quite a rhythm with the customers. It wasn’t fun for her, per se, but given that she was used to handling things at the Inn, she was well accustomed to the small talk, minor issues, and complaints that could come up from customer service. With practiced poise and deft hands, Yukiko rang up each item, bagged them, and then handled any necessary money transactions.

It was a bit busy, though, and while she was perfectly capable of handling customers, the registers and money machines were a bit different. Yukiko had no experience as a cashier, and so even though she was handling everything as smoothly as one could expect from a novice, her line was constantly full, backed up from her somewhat slow transaction speed.

That wasn’t the only thing growing full, however, and she found herself shuffling her legs slightly as her bladder sent signals of its fullness up through her abdomen. In truth, when Yukiko had showed up to the food court, she already needed to pee somewhat. However, in all the excitement that followed, as well as her getting whisked off to change into the Junes apron and Yosuke showing her the ropes of the register, she had all but forgotten her need.

Now, however, it was back, and her need was much greater than before. However, she was just getting the hang of the checkout process and was starting to pick up speed. Moreover, she was the one going much slower than everyone else. She glanced over at the cashiers next to her station. To her right was a girl with short, wavy brown hair that she was pretty sure she recognized from Yasogami, who Yosuke had introduced as Kaede. To her left, stood a woman in her mid 20’s with dark hair, who was apparently named Miname. Both of them were moving much faster than her, and were just as swamped with customers. She wouldn’t feel right asking to use the restroom until break.

Yukiko squeezed her thighs together and looked down at the clock on the register’s screen. Their break was in another two and a half hours. Yukiko took a brief pause as one customer left and another stepped up to discreetly rub her abdomen, trying to gauge just how full she was.

I have to go, but it’s not that bad yet… I should be able to make it to break.

Yukiko’s confidence wasn’t unfounded. Due to her time helping out with her family’s inn, she would often spend hours running around serving guests in a kimono. It was often a complicated affair to go to the bathroom without untying the sash, so she would often forgo using the restroom entirely, even if she needed to go. This tendency often led to many mad dashes to the toilet at the end of the day, but it also meant she was used to holding it.

With one final shuffle of her legs, Yukiko pushed her need to the back of her mind and continued working. Now that she was getting the hang of it, she didn’t want to fall behind because she was distracted with needing to pee.

Over on the other end of the store, Rise was dutifully stocking shelves. She wasn’t happy about having to work, exactly, but it was a far cry from her idol job, and a lot more exciting than her usual day of helping out at the tofu shop. She was a little disappointed that she wouldn’t be spending any time with Yu, but they’d see each other on break and there was always tomorrow to make up for it, since Yosuke was generously treating them for all their hard work.

“Excuse me, miss, could you please tell me where I can find the electronics section?”

Rise looked up from her shelf stocking to see a middle-aged gentleman approaching her.

“Of course! It’s right back over there, along the back wall. Do you need me to show you the way?”

“Oh no, that’s quite alright, thank you very much!”

“Certainly, my pleasure!”

The man left and Rise let out a small sigh. She wasn’t exactly used to customer service, but her time as an idol had definitely helped her acting. If she thought of it like that, she could put on a friendly face and at least do a halfway decent job.

Rise turned back to her sorting, but not a moment later, another customer, a woman in her thirties, came up to her as well. She was dressed professionally, but her actions were anything but. She was shuffling uncomfortably in place, rubbing her legs together with a hand gripping the hem of her dress skirt.

“Excuse me, do you happen to know where the restrooms are?”

Rise looked back up and then turned around, realizing she wasn’t quite sure herself. She knew there were restrooms out in the food court, but she doubted there weren’t any closer in the store.

“O-oh, sorry, I’m new here,” Rise apologized, “Hang on a second…”

Rise first glanced towards the front of the store, scanning overhead and across the aisles for the bathrooms. She then turned and looked to the back of the store before seeing a restroom sign off in the back corner of the store.

“Found them, they’re right back there, in the back corner. See that sign?”

“Oh yes, thank you!”

The woman hurriedly shuffled off, hobbling awkwardly. Rise wondered just how desperate that woman had to have been to openly show it in front of a total stranger. She blushed just thinking about it, and then turned back to her task at hand. As she did so, however, she felt a slight twinge in her own bladder. She wouldn’t say she needed to pee, but her bladder was definitely filling up.

When did Yosuke say break was, again?

Rise tried to recall what Yosuke had told her, but she had gotten overwhelmed with all the new information being thrown at her about the job and inventory and how she was supposed to stock the shelves properly, so she wasn’t surprised she hadn’t caught every detail. Rise dismissed her worries and turned her attention back to her job. She didn’t have to go that bad right now anyway.

All three girls continued their tasks, working as the time passed by slowly. Chie eventually managed to finish mopping the particularly dirty back section of the store and moved on to sweeping between the aisles. Luckily for her and her bladder, only one section of the store could be mopped at a time to minimize how much of the floor was wet. Because of this, she was much more easily able to ignore her urges and sweep, running up and down the aisles with a large broom before gathering everything up with a smaller dustpan.

As time went on, however, Chie was finding it harder and harder to simply ignore her bladder. It was filling up steadily and even though she wasn’t sloshing around a bucket of water with her, she still had to pause every once in a while and rub her legs together. Currently she was sweeping up the dust collected from an aisle with the dustpan, sweeping it up while tapping her foot uncomfortably as she bobbed up and down slightly.

I should just go. It’s Yosuke’s fault that I’m here at all in the first place! Why should I have to wait for break just to go?

Chie said that, furrowing her brow in irritation, but as much as she was unhappy with Yosuke, she glanced around at the other workers here. Yosuke wasn’t kidding when he said it would be busy, and everyone else with a Junes apron was working their hardest to serve customers, stock shelves, and even clean. One of the other employees was sweeping the other half of the store, since they were supposed to start on either end and meet in the middle. If Chie slacked off now, even if it was to head to the restroom, it’d mean more work for him.

Chie let out a sigh and continued to work, trying her best to push her full bladder to the back of her mind. Unfortunately, that was much easier said than done. She switched back to the wide broom and began sweeping down the next aisle, making sure no customers were down that way, but halfway down she was hit with a spasm. Her legs buckled and she shuffled her legs together before continuing on, glancing back to make sure no one had seen her display.

It’s not that bad. I can hold it. I’ll finish sweeping up here and the next time I get a chance I’ll ask to use the restroom.

Chie once again pushed her desperation to the back of her mind and continued working.

Back up at the front with Yukiko, the situation wasn’t much better. Her desperation had only grown in the time she’d been holding it, and the customers weren’t letting up either, giving Yukiko very little opportunity to take a quick break and regain her composure. On the plus side she had the hang of the register, and wasn’t as slow as before, but she was still slower than her other, more experienced cashiers, and it seemed like there was an endless stream of customers coming through.

Yukiko just started ringing up one of her customers when another strong spasm struck her bladder. This hadn’t been the first one she’d experienced so far, but this one was bad enough that she was forced to pause and buckle one leg, rubbing her thigh desperately against the other. She quickly returned to tending the customer and sincerely hoped they hadn’t noticed anything. If they had, they didn’t say anything as they merely paid and went about their day.

A strange movement out of her periphery caught Yukiko’s attention and she glanced over at Kaede. She was shuffling her legs back and forth and discretely holding herself with a free hand behind the counter. Visibly, she looked like she had to go much worse than Yukiko. The brown-haired girl glanced around to see if anyone had seen her and her eyes met Yukiko. Yukiko flashed her a sympathetic glance to show she wasn’t judging her and the girl looked away, blushing. Yukiko felt bad for her, but the fact that she wasn’t the only one dealing with a full bladder definitely made her feel a little better.

Not long after, however, another spasm struck Yukiko, and she bit her lip. She avoided the urge to shuffle or grab herself, trying to maintain her poise. She waited until she was between customers, then she slipped her hand down discretely and rubbed her abdomen. Luckily, the wave passed and Yukiko was back under control.

I’ve had to go much worse than this before. I can definitely make it to break. I just need to keep focusing on my job!

While Yukiko was determined to hold it, Rise was much less so. Back by her corner of the store, she was trying to get every opportunity to finish her task so she could ask for a bathroom break. Unfortunately, she still had half a cart of inventory she had been tasked with stocking, and that was only being drawn out by the many customers who kept approaching her to ask her for help.

“Excuse me, do you know where I can find kids’ clothes?”

“Do you have any more cell phones, or is this the whole inventory?”

“You guys don’t have any more of these in the back, do you?”

With a painted smile, Rise helped out each customer who came her way, all the while she could feel her bladder filling up more and more. Rise was also getting progressively more and more worried about the situation. Unlike Yukiko, who was accustomed to holding it for long periods of time, Rise was very careful with her bladder.

During her first live show, a combination of her complicated outfit, her inexperience, and her carelessness led to her performing the last two or three songs on a full bladder. She managed to maintain her composure throughout the entire show, and then the half-hour signing session afterwards, but the second she was out of costume, she bolted to the bathroom and barely made it. Her panties were soaked and she even let out a few leaks on the way, leaving a few puddles on the bathroom floor.

After that close call, Rise had been extremely conscious of her bladder ever since. If she had any kind of photoshoot, interview, or live appearance, she would meticulously monitor her water intake and ensure that her bladder was empty beforehand. Even when she had shows that would have her stuck in a costume for three or four hours, she never found herself in a desperate situation like that again.

That was all to say that Rise was entirely unaccustomed to holding it. Her filling bladder was bothering her. It was uncomfortable and she really had to pee. She kept casting longing glances back towards the restrooms in the back corner of the store, even as she continued stocking shelves. When customers weren’t asking her for help, she was shuffling her legs back and forth, shifting her weight from foot to foot as she fought the urge to openly hold herself.

“Hey, Rise.”

Rise’s heart skipped a beat, she knew that voice anywhere. She forced herself to stop shuffling and turned around. It was Yu, wheeling another inventory cart behind him.

“Hey Senpai!” Rise smiled, trying not to let her desperation show on her face or in her actions, “Are you going to help me with the inventory?”

Yu scratched the back of his head, “No, sorry. Actually, Takahashi-san asked me to bring this out to you. He said he wants you to work on this one next.”

Rise looked at the other full cart and frowned, resisting the urge to shuffle her legs back and forth as she imagined working through not only the items she still had left, but also that one as well. She was going to ask Takahashi, the backroom manager, if she could take a quick break to go to the restroom once she was finished with her first cart, but now she had another one to contend with.

Rise turned back to Yu, who was still looking at her expectantly, and blushed. She really didn’t want to take the other cart, but there was no way she could admit to Yu that she needed to use the restroom.

“O-okay, leave it to me!” Rise replied, bouncing on one foot and flashing Yu a smile.

“I’ll leave it to you, then,” Yu stated flatly, nodding.

He turned and left the aisle, and as soon as Rise was alone, she doubled over and squeezed her thighs together. Her cheerful bounce from earlier had sent a jolt straight through her bladder, and she had barely managed to maintain her composure until Yu left. She shuffled her legs back and forth desperately and fought back against her desperation until the wave subsided.

She let out a sigh and regained her composure, but then looked back to the cart and a half she had left to do, biting her lip.

I need to pick up the pace! I have to get through both of these so I can ask to use the restroom!

Rise began working faster than before, trying to ignore her full bladder as she continued unpacking and stocking inventory from what were now two carts of items.

Of course, Rise wasn’t the only one struggling. With the first section of floor dry, Chie was now back to mopping another section. She had fully intended to head to the restroom as soon as she was done, but almost the second she had finished sweeping, she had been immediately asked to go back to mopping. Because only one section of the floor could be mopped at a time, her putting that off to head to the restroom would’ve slowed things down. Chie didn’t particularly mind the idea of slowing things down intentionally, especially since it was Yosuke’s responsibility to make sure things worked smoothly, but part of her also wanted to do a good job purely out of spite, or to hold it over Yosuke’s head at a later date.

However, almost as soon as Chie decided to start mopping before heading to the bathroom, she regretted it. Filling up the bucket with a full bladder was torture, listening to the rushing water splash around as she stood there, thighs pressed together. She even resorted to holding herself, taking solace in the fact that no one else was at the janitor’s station at the time. Even after she shut off the faucet, the memory of the water in her mind, as well as the sloshing of the full bucket, only reminded her of the pee sloshing around inside her full bladder.

Even with her thighs rubbing together, Chie was struggling. Each wet slosh of the mop as she dunked it back into the bucket sending spasms of desperation through her. She had to stop every few minutes to squeeze her thighs together, and when she was sure no customers or other employees were around, she wouldn’t hesitate to snake her hand between her legs and give herself a quick squeeze.

Chie continued to mop until she felt a strong wave of desperation hit her, and her legs buckled. She leaned against the mop for support with one hand while she buried the other shamelessly between her legs, not even bothering to make sure no one was around. She crossed her legs and drew in a sharp breath, hoping that the desperation would subside.

Once it did, she looked around to see if anyone saw her. Luckily for her, this area of the store was relatively empty, perhaps because of the wet floor signs she had put out. Trying to ignore her desperation, she went back to work. Unfortunately, the only other thing she had to focus on was the mopping, and the water wasn’t doing her full bladder any favors. Trying to get her mind off of both her task and her urge to pee, Chie narrowed in on her anger at Yosuke for something to focus on.

I can’t believe I’m stuck here having to pee all because Yosuke tricked us! Forget just treating us for tomorrow, he’s gonna owe me big time after this! Come to think of it, I haven’t seen him since he got us all started. I wonder what he’s doing right now. I hope he’s swamped with customers! It would serve him right!

Chie looked up and scanned the store for any signs of the aforementioned boy, and finally he saw him. Wearing the full Junes uniform, he was standing next to someone and talking. At first Chie thought he was talking to another employee, but then he realized the other person was Yu. It didn’t seem like he was instructing Yu on a new task, either. In fact, if she didn’t know any better, it looked like they were just chatting. This was all but confirmed to her after Yu said something and Yosuke burst out laughing.

Oh those two! The nerve of them for just chatting it up while I’m over here, working my butt off!

Chie had half a mind to go over there and tell them both off, but her full bladder sent her another spasm, and she pressed her thighs together again. If she went over there now, not only would she still have to come back and mop after this, but she might not be able to hide her desperation from the two of them, especially Yu, who was surprisingly perceptive, at least when he wanted to be.

Damnit! If I didn’t have to pee, I’d go over there and give both of those idiots a piece of my mind!

Seeing those two only fired Chie up more, and now she was determined to finish mopping so she could head to the restroom and come back for them. If she found them still goofing off again, she was going to make them pay. Ignoring her full bladder and the sloshing of the bucket, Chie picked up the pace.

While she was speeding up, however, Yukiko was starting to slow down. Her need to pee was getting worse and worse, and with no signs of the line slowing down anytime soon, she doubted she’d get a chance to go before break. Her confidence that she could hold it that long was wavering, as her bladder sat like a rock in her abdomen. She shuffled uncomfortably in place as she tried to maintain composure, but she was definitely getting desperate, and it was starting to affect her focus.

Yukiko finished up with her current customer and glanced over towards Kaede. As bad as her desperation was, it was clear to anyone that the poor girl next to her was worse off. Unable to stand still, even in front of the customers, Kaede kept squirming and dancing around as she tried to focus on her job. Every once in a while, she would glance around and try to make sure no one was looking before jamming her hands between her legs.

She was currently helping out an older man with a large cart full of stuff from around the department store. Yukiko watched her out of the corner of her eye as she shuffled and wriggled, shifting her weight from foot to foot as beads of sweat rolled down her forehead. Yukiko felt bad for her, but also wished she could be as shameless with her desperation, openly squirming around as she fought back her own flood.

Suddenly, Kaede’s eyes widened and she dropped a coin. When she bent down to pick it up, she rammed both hands between her legs and dug her crotch into her heel, shaking and squirming as her breathing turned ragged. It looked like she had been wracked with a particularly strong wave of desperation.

Yukiko’s bladder responded sympathetically and she was forced to tear her eyes away from Kaede’s plight. Her own bladder sent a strong wave of desperation through her body, and Yukiko was forced to clamp her thighs together tightly as she shuffled in place. She tried to downplay her desperation to hide it from the customer in front of her, but all that did was draw out the wave as it subsided ever so slowly.

“Y-Yukiko!” Kaede gasped in a hushed whisper.

Yukiko looked over and Kaede was once again upright, though she was shuffling urgently and she was keeping a hand grabbing the hem of her uniform’s apron, close to her crotch. Her breathing was labored with the effort of holding it in and strained tears clung to the corners of her eyes.

“I’m really sorry, but can you and Miname cover for me? I’m seriously about to wet myself here!”

Yukiko hesitated. Kaede definitely looked like she was on the verge of making a mess of her cashier station, but Yukiko herself also really needed to pee, and the last thing she wanted was to have to shuffle between two stations while trying to keep her full bladder under control.

Kaede saw Yukiko’s hesitation and her eyes widened, “Please, I really can’t hold it anymore! I have to go right now!”

“Sure thing, we’ll handle it,” Miname smiled, “Just go, sweetie.”

“Thank you, thank you!” Kaede bowed, gasping as she whirled around. She shuffled off towards the back of the store as quickly as possible.

Miname turned to Yukiko and smiled, “It’s okay, I’ll take over for her on my own, since you’re new.”

Yukiko nodded gratefully, “Thank you so much. Please let me know if you need my help.”

Yukiko watched Miname seamlessly juggle between her own station and Kaede’s, and let out a sigh of relief. With Miname offering to cover for Kaede on her own, Yukiko could focus on holding it.

Just then, another strong spasm struck Yukiko, and she was forced to discreetly hold herself behind the counter as she started ringing up her next customer. She was lucky that Miname was too distracted juggling two stations to notice. She was able to freely clamp her hand against her crotch and squirm around, fighting back against her own full bladder.

Rise was struggling quite a bit, too. Time was dragging on painfully slow, and she was finding it harder and harder to to focus on stocking and sorting with her bladder constantly nagging her. Even as she worked, she subconsciously bounced from foot to foot as she scissored her thighs back and forth to try to ease the intense urge to pee.

She had finally managed to sort through all the inventory on the first cart, and had sent it back with one of the other backroom employees, but she was still only just making a dent in her second cart. Worse still, while Rise had been hauling around two separate inventory carts, customers were more reluctant to interrupt her to ask for help, but now that she was back down to one, the customers were back to asking her questions.

“Excuse me, miss, could you point me towards the restrooms?”

“Of course, they’re right back over here,” Rise pointed over towards the wall.

Perhaps it was a cruel irony, but as she was stocking shelves, she had been moving further back, closer and closer to the restrooms. From the aisle she was in, she could hear the faint sound of rushing water as toilets flushed and people washed their hands. Worse still, her brain seemed all the more keen on focusing on those sounds in particular.

As the woman she just helped headed off towards the bathrooms, Rise herself seriously considered just taking a quick moment to slip in and use them herself. She wouldn’t be gone for long, and with the relief she so desperately desired, she could refocus on her task and finish it before anyone knew she had gone at all.

Still, the one thing stopping her was the thought that Yosuke or worse still, Yu, would come by to check up on her and find her missing. Rise didn’t want to seem like she was slacking off, especially after she told Yu she could handle it.

Rise tried to ignore the sounds of the bathroom once more as she returned to her sorting task. As she shifted her attention back to the shelves, another wave of desperation struck her and she was forced to lean forwards, crossing her legs and pressing her thighs together as she drew in a sharp breath. The pressure in her abdomen was mounting as her pent up urine tried to push its way out of her. She uncrossed and recrossed her legs, trying to focus on sorting as she waited for the wave of desperation to subside.

It started to, but just then she heard the sound of the toilet flush again, a faint background noise that should’ve been drowned out by the various customers and the pop music playing over the store. But with her full bladder, her ears honed in on it and the water roared in her mind like a waterfall as her desperation spiked again.

Rise looked around hesitantly to make sure no one was around and hid herself behind the cart before burying both hands between her legs. She shuffled and hopped desperately as she fought back against her desperation.

I can hold it. I can hold it. I can hold it. I can hold it. This is nothing like that one time at my first concert. I can hold it!

Finally, her desperation began to subside, and as soon as she was able to she tore her hands out from between her legs and regained a semblance of composure, going back to her task even as her bladder’s fullness screamed loudly in her mind. She might not have had to go as bad as the day of the concert, but Rise would be lying if she said she didn’t really have to go. Worse still, she had a whole cart of items left to restock. If she was this desperate already, she didn’t want to think about how badly she’d have to go by the end.

Not wanting to think about that, Rise tried to refocus on her task and returned to the cart, resolved to finish quickly so she could finally relieve herself.

Back with Chie, she finally finished mopping, and not a moment too soon. Chie squeezed her thighs together and tried to ignore the bucket of water as she walked back to the janitor’s station. The second she closed the door and looked around to make sure there wasn’t anyone else in here, Chie jammed both hands between her legs, raising one leg and then the other in a desperate dance as she moaned in desperation.

“D-damnit, Okay… just gotta dump out this bucket, and then I can go.”

Chie gave herself one last squeeze before straightening herself up and hoisting the bucket of dirty water up over the sink. She hesitated for a moment before beginning to pour the water down into the drain. As the water sloshed and splashed against the bottom of the sink, Chie let out a gasp and doubled over.

Oh my god! No way no way no way!

Chie was forced to take one hand and ram it against her crotch, crossing her legs tightly together as she doubled over. The sound of the water hit her bladder like a truck, sending wave after wave of intense desperation through her. Chie tried to focus on something else, but all she could think about was peeing. How good it would hike up her skirt, rip off her panties and spats, and pee uncontrollably into the sink as the bucket drained beside her.

Shaking that thought from her mind, Chie tried to regain control, crossing her legs, scissoring her thighs, and squeezing her eyes shut as she clamped down and tried to fight back against the flood inside her. Somehow, she was successful, feeling the wave die down as the bucket fully drained and the intense sound of water subsided.

Chie was left breathing heavily, still holding herself as she placed the bucket back. She didn’t care what anyone said, she was going to the bathroom right now.

Suddenly, however, Chie heard the door to the closet open and she immediately straightened herself up, tearing her hand from her crotch. Thank goodness too, because the person who entered was none other than Yosuke himself.

“Hey, Chie! I saw you finish up the floor out there, good job,” Yosuke grinned.

“Don’t patronize me! Don’t forget I’m only here because you tricked all of us into thinking this was a normal Investigation Team meeting! And I saw you slacking off out there with Yu earlier!”

“S-Slacking off, we weren’t slacking off! I was showing him how to change the sales tags! And didn’t I say I’d make it up to you all earlier?” Yosuke tried to defend himself, holding up his hands and taking a step back from Chie, “A-anyway, I came back here to ask you to clean the bathrooms.”

“Are you kidding, I’m-”

Chie trailed off. If Yosuke was asking her to clean the bathrooms, then that would be her perfect chance to go. She was desperate enough as it was, and the last thing she wanted was to openly admit that to Yosuke and ask him to use the restrooms. But if her next task was the bathrooms, then she could just go before she started cleaning.

“Fine, do you mean the ones in the back?”

“Actually, I was hoping you could clean the ones in the food court. There’s a cleaning cart already set up there, so you don’t need the bucket. Follow me, I’ll show you.”

Chie followed Yosuke to the food court, trying to maintain her composure even as the flood within her sloshed inside her bladder. She could feel it bulging out against her bike shorts, spasming with each step she took. She couldn’t wait for Yosuke to leave her to clean the bathrooms so she could dash to the nearest stall and pee before she began cleaning.

“Here we are.”

Yosuke pointed over to the bathrooms, with one blocked off already with the cleaning cart in front of it. However, the thing Chie wasn’t counting on was which bathroom was blocked off.

“Are you kidding me!?” Chie looked at Yosuke incredulously, “You want me to clean the MEN’s room?”

“It’s not a big deal. There’s not gonna be any dudes there. I clean the girl’s room all the time. In fact, Yu and I are gonna be cleaning the other ladies room in the store after lunch is over.”

“That’s not the point, it’s just-” Chie wanted to argue back, but then her bladder spasmed again, and she was forced to discreetly squeeze her thighs together just to regain a semblance of composure, “Fine, I’ll clean it! But you owe me more than one steak for this!”

“Can you even eat more than one steak-” Yosuke cut himself off at the death glare Chie shot him, “Fine, fine, two steaks. I’ll leave this to you, then.”

Chie dashed into the bathroom hurriedly. She wasn’t happy about it, but even if it was the men’s room, she was desperate enough to not be picky about the details. She shuffled in, dragging the cart behind her. Taking care to block it off again, she turned around and immediately wanted to punch a wall.

It was disgusting. She wasn’t sure how, but there were stagnant puddles of urine underneath every urinal and the stalls practically wreaked. She checked the three stalls, but all of them were absolutely filthy. There was no way she was using this bathroom. Realizing she would have to clean it before she got to go, Chie grit her teeth and grabbed the mop. Denied of her chance to go, she was fuming now more than ever.

Back up at the registers, Yukiko wasn’t faring much better. She was starting to lose composure, and she was worried she was going to have to start resorting to dancing around and holding herself openly like Kaede. Speaking of which, the brown-haired girl had returned, looking brighter and fresher than ever. Yukiko was jealous of her relief.

Even as she dealt with each customer, her bladder continued to nag her. The desperation was coming in faster and faster waves, now, and when a particularly strong one hit, Yukiko was forced to lean forward, letting out a silent gasp as she buried her hand between her legs. She glanced around, red in the face, hoping that neither Kaede nor Miname was watching as she clamped down hard against her crotch and tried to hold on. Her bladder was bulging out visibly, and as she shifted her weight from foot to foot to contain her desperation, she could feel all the pee shifting around inside her. She was reaching the limits of her endurance.

Rise, too, was reaching her limit. Unable to stand still for a second, she hopped from foot to foot and hobbled around, pushing her cart and resting most of her weight on it as she worked through the various inventory she had on. She was nearly done, only a few boxes of products remained, but the closer she was to being done, the more and more the anticipation of relief tortured her.

Rise was stocking up the last of the products in her current aisle when a sharp, intense wave of desperation struck her. She instantly snaked one leg around the other and squeezed them together as she doubled over, grabbing the cart for support. She didn’t want to openly hold herself, but as the wave of pressure moved down her, she gasped and clamped a hand down between her legs. It was too little too late, as a small spurt escaped into her panties.

Rise’s eyes widened and she immediately dropped to the ground, digging her heel into her crotch as she twisted around desperately. She continued to squeeze herself with one hand as she rubbed her swollen bladder with the other, squeezing her eyes shut as she fought to regain control.

No, no no no no! Please. I can hold it. I can hold it. Don’t pee don’t pee don’t pee!

Rise prevented any more leaks and once she was sure the desperation had passed, she stood up, recrossing her legs. She looked around, hoping no one had seen her desperate display, and let out a sigh of relief when she realized the aisle and immediate area was empty.

“Hey, Rise!” someone called out to her. The unexpected shout was almost enough to make her leak again, but luckily she managed both to hold on and to maintain her composure as she turned around and came face to face with Takahashi, her manager for the day.

“Hi, Takahashi-san,” Rise bowed, trying not to wriggle or squirm in front of him.

“It’s time for your break. Good job on getting both carts done today. I’ll take it from here.”

“Okay, thank you, sir!” Rise nodded. She walked as calmly as she could until she was out of sight, and then she bolted straight for the bathroom.

Yosuke had scheduled everyone’s breaks so they would all be able to hang out together, so now that it was Rise’s lunch break, it was also Chie and Yukiko’s. All three girls met outside the restrooms, all squirming and visibly desperate.

“You guys, too?” Chie asked.

“I’ve been holding it for so long!” Yukiko moaned, hands buried between her legs.

“I’m about to wet myself!” Rise admitted openly.

All three dashed in at the same time, eager to finally release the pent up floods inside them. Unfortunately, while there were three stalls there in the bathroom, the stall along the far wall was blocked off, with an “Out of Order” sign taped to it. That left the three bursting girls with two toilets between them.

All three looked around at each other. Chie was hopping from foot to foot, dancing desperately. Yukiko was nearly doubled over with both hands jammed between her legs, her swollen bladder visible even through her clothes and arpon. Rise couldn’t stand still, her legs shaking uncontrollably as she scissored her thighs back and forth. She could still feel the wet spot on her panties where she had leaked earlier.

“S-should we rock-paper-scissors for it?” Yukiko offered.

It was met with silence, and for a good reason. With as desperate as each of them looked, losing most likely meant they wouldn’t make it until a stall freed up.

“Hey, this is all Yosuke’s fault, right?” Chie asked, “Well, I heard that he and Yu were supposed to be cleaning this restroom later.”

“S-so, what are you getting at? Rise asked. She didn’t have time for a discussion. All three of them were on the verge of wetting themselves.

“Well, why don’t we make it fair? If one of us won’t get a stall, why don’t we make it so none of us do? We go here, on the floor, and Yosuke will have to clean it up later! I had to clean up the men’s room earlier, and that thing was totally gross. If guys can make a mess like that, then so can we!”

“T-that’s....!” the other two girls looked at Chie in disbelief.

“I… I can’t do something like that!” Yukiko exclaimed.

“Y-yeah. Besides, you said Senpai is also gonna have to clean up, right? I don’t want him to have to…” Rise trailed off, blushing.

“Come on, you two! You guys are mad about this too, right? I mean, we wouldn’t even be desperate right now if it weren’t for Yosuke. And Yukiko, you had it the hardest! He put you in charge of the registers even though he knew it was going to be busy all day. That’s totally unfair, right?”

Yukiko doubled over as the flood inside of her fought to escape, and she realized it was true. If she hadn’t been so busy, she could’ve slipped off to the bathroom earlier, and Kaede wouldn’t have nearly wet herself either.

“Yeah, you’re right!” Yukiko frowned, brow furrowing as her own anger flared.

“Rise, you in?” Chie turned to Rise.

“N-no, no way! H-hey, if it’s about the number of stalls, why don’t you two go first? I’ll… I’ll hold it!”

Before Chie or Yukiko could protest, Rise rushed out of the bathroom. If they were going to use the stalls, she didn’t want to be in the bathroom when they did. She considered dashing over to the food court to use the bathrooms there, but the wave of desperation that struck her even as she left the bathroom told her she wouldn’t make it.

Rise jammed a hand between her legs and tried to muster up the resolve to hold it until one of the girls came out, but then she saw Yu. She thought about dashing back into the bathroom so he wouldn’t catch her holding herself, but then she noticed that he was walking towards the food court with a girl she recognized from school. It was this spoiled bitch named Ai who would skip class all the time. If she was hanging out with Yu…

Rise shook her head. She didn’t want to think about that. But she was very close to Yu, almost clinging to his arm, and Yu had a bit of a blush on his face.

Seeing red, Rise rushed back into the bathroom, just as Chie and Yukiko were shuffling into the stalls.

“I changed my mind! I don’t care if Senpai has to clean up anything! Besides, I really can’t hold it anymore.”

Chie nodded, “Alright, let’s go, then!”

All three of them hiked up their skirts and tore down their panties, Chie also slipping off her bike shorts. Before she could even bend down, Rise let out a long spurt onto the bathroom floor and she let out a moan. She quickly bent down and began peeing, trying to aim towards the nearby drain.

Yukiko squatted and practically exploded, a powerful torrent shooting out of her as she threw her head back and let out a loud, relieved sigh. Her torrent made a loud spatter as it splashed out onto the tiled floor beneath her. Chie looked over, almost impressed, but she herself needed to start. Rather than squatting down, she spread her pussy lips open and aimed upwards and outwards. An arch of pee shot out of her and splashed, leaving a messy trail in front of her and even on the wall.

“C-Chie, what are you doing?” Rise asked incredulously.

“H-hey, if we’re going to make a mess, we might as well make it count. Come on, you two!”

Chie stopped her stream, quivering in the effort to do so, and then stepped over to aim somewhere else. She was still extremely desperate, however, so her attempts to stop were less than ideal. Droplets landed between her legs, tiny leaks running down her thighs as she tried to hold on until she was repositioned. She then let out another long stream towards one of the stalls.

“Chie, that’s going a bit too far!” Yukiko chided, even as she was letting out a torrential stream onto the floor.

“Your puddle’s making a bigger mess than mine!” Chie pointed out.

Yukiko looked down, and sure enough, the puddle of her urine was spreading out much farther than Chie’s streamlined arcs. The sound had also shifted from a loud splatter to rushing splashes as she continued to pee a river out onto the floor.

“Oh no!” Yukiko gasped. She turned over and looked towards Rise, who was peeing into the drain. She strained and quivered as she tried to clamp shut the floodgates. Despite having been peeing the hardest out of all three of them, somehow she managed.

As she clamped down with her hand, shuffling around desperately, she asked, “Rise, can we switch? I’ve still got a lot left. I don’t want to flood the bathroom!”

“Oh, come on, Yukiko! You’re no fun!” Chie complained. Once again stopping as best as she could and moving to a fresh spot to make more of a mess.

Rise wasn’t sure if she could stop, but given the size of Yukiko’s puddle already and Chie’s intentional spread, they really would flood the bathroom at this rate.

“I’ll try,” Rise nodded. She clenched and her stream trickled to a stop. Her still-full bladder fought against her and tried to get her to keep letting it out, but she managed to shuffle out of the way enough for Yukiko to use the drain.

As soon as she did, another spurt escaped her and she quickly squated again, gasping from the effort of having to stop.

Yukiko nodded, shuffling towards the drain hurriedly, but as she shuffled, a spurt escaped out of her, and another. She tried to clamp her legs shut and keep it all contained, but her tired muscles would not cooperate. On her way to the drain, she managed to leave large, leaking puddles behind. Once she made it, she squatted over it and let out a spray that was so powerful it wound up missing the drain entirely. Panicked, Yukiko re-angled herself so she was just barely hitting the edge of the drain with her torrential stream.

Chie had long since given up on stopping and starting to make a bigger mess, though that was mostly down to her being unable to stop the heavenly sensation of relief washing over her. Her stream’s splashes and sputters echoed through the bathroom as she continued to pee standing up. Rise, having switched with Yukiko, was no longer worried about making a mess on the floor, peeing openly with her head thrown back from the pleasure of the relief. She was the first to finish, her whole body shuddering as her stream tapered off into a few dribbles, and then stopped.

Chie was second to finish, sighing in relief as she tried one last time to spread her mess by angling her stream back and forth as the last of her flood drained out of her. The intense pressure from before had subsided, and now all she could feel was a dull ache and the remnants of the blissful relief throbbing in her abdomen.

Yukiko was the last to finish, her stream going on for much longer than the other two. When the gushing stream finally slowed to a trickle, then tapered off, Yukiko was left panting, blushing madly as she basked in the pure, heavenly sensation of her empty bladder.

“Here, you two. I’ll grab you some toilet paper. I doubt you want to walk through this mess,” Chie pointed out.

She carefully tiptoed her way through her many puddles and grabbed some sheets from one of the stalls. She handed some to Rise, who promptly wiped herself off and let the spent paper fall to the floor and join her puddle. Chie also cleaned herself off, wiping down the streaks that had run down her legs that resulted from her peeing standing up. She too, unabashedly let the crumpled sheets fall and soak up the urine on the floor.

Yukiko finally recovered, standing up and also accepting Chie’s offering of toilet paper. She wiped herself down and then carefully crumbled up her spent sheets, trying to toss them towards the small trash can, unlike the other two. Her efforts were in vain, however, as the ball fell much shorter and managed to land in her first puddle.

The girls looked around and inspected the mess they made, with both Yukiko and Rise feeling bashful and ashamed of what they had agreed upon in their desperation. Chie, however, glanced proudly at the mess, satisfied at the puddles of urine soaking nearly every inch of the floor. She’d probably regret it later, when Yosuke and Yu inevitably find the mess and connect the dots back to her, but for now she was content with her revenge.

The End

