This dormitory is good (Part 2)

Author: Rune Vesgina

*000*2020-08-03 10:56

P.S. After I wrote the first part and I tried to read it again and thought to myself, "How did I make this story? Why is it so crazy?"

So I composed the second part to erase my own distortion. I'm sorry for making the first part quite distorted.

OK START!

Two weeks ago Nick was staying at this dormitory and an event in Eli Pee herself.

He lives a normal life. Nothing. Sometimes he meets Eli and greets one another.

" Uh, hel… "

" \\\\\\\\\ Excuse me Just as I have business/////////"

And Eli closed her door loudly. Wondering what happened that day.

Back to the present, Nick has nothing to do, so he left the room and went for a walk downstairs. Nick went downstairs and met a girl he was accustomed to lift something heavy.

" Um, can I help you? "

That woman stopped to stop and turn her face as she heard it and she was Catalina. Nick helped Catalina carry things and then rest in Catalina's office.

“ Thank you for helping to carry things today. ”

“ Never mind Yes, I have absolutely nothing to do. ”

Catalina went to the fridge and picked up one thing and gave it to Nick,

“ This is the reward that helped me today. ”

It was a bottle of green tea and she even gave three bottles of it. Nick picked up green tea from Catalina and walked back to the room, but Nick is not a person who likes to drink green tea so he decided to give it to his dormitory friends. The first room that Nick would give was Room 202. He was in front of Room 202 and knocked on the door.

*knock* *knock* *knock*

After Nick knocked for a moment, someone opened the door. Is a white woman Nick blushed to see her condition open the door to welcome him. She now only has one g-string and a towel to control her head, but she doesn't seem to cover her breasts as well, and Nick gives her green tea.

“ \\\\\\\\\\\\G…...Green tea. I don't really drink tea so I give it to you.///////////// ”

Nick closed his eyes to not see her body. That woman picked up green tea from Nick and told Nick that

“ It's fine. I don't mind that you see me naked ”

Nick looked up and saw that she was grabbing her chest and moved it slightly. Nick turned red and the woman laughed.

“ Hahaha, you are so innocent. But will you come to my room first? I will give you the rewards you gave me. ”

“ O...Ok ”

Nick entered her room, the room was like a streamer room. There is a computer with multiple monitors, keyboards and mice for gamers, and there are two chairs, one of which she's already sitting

“ Will you come to play the game together? ” She slapped in an empty chair and invited Nick to sit.

“ Do you want to play any games? ”

“ Hmm ... Anything, I can play it all. ”

That woman hovered over a program and clicked on that program. It was a Super Mario game.

“ Wait a minute. Um……. ”

“ Nick ”

“ Okay, Nick, wait a moment. ” After she finished speaking, she pulled on one g-string she was wearing right now. She was completely naked and nothing could conceal her body anymore. Her vagina has no hair, covering even one line. She was a little red and told Nick that

“ This is kind of comfortable.You take your clothes off too. ”

And Nick got the woman to take off all his clothes until he saw his dick It has magnified since it saw that woman's naked body and the woman presses to start the game immediately after taking off Nick's clothes.

“ You choose the character first. Uh……. ”

“ Hahaha. I forgot to introduce myself. My name is Chalon. ”

Nick and Charon can choose the character. Nick chooses to play Luigi. Charon chose Princess Peach. The game continued until the stage where Charon had difficulty passing

Nick and Charon were working together on this side, still not able to get past this stage. After thirty minutes, they couldn't even pass. At this time, Charon felt dry and picked up a bottle of cold water and drank it quickly. Fifteen minutes had passed, Nick and Charon were still unable to pass this stage.

“ This stage is really difficult. ”

“ Hahaha, probably so. ” *gulp* *gulp* *gulp*

Charon responded to Nick and drank another bottle of cold water.

“ Um….., Charon, you drink this much. Don't you want to pee at all? ”

“ Also want to pee, but I rarely go to the bathroom ”

“ Is that so? ” Charon heard that Nick asked and revealed a small smile.

“ Why? Or you want to see me pee? ”

“ Eh!, what are you talking about? ” Nick immediately blushed and replied to Charon.

And Charon laughed out.

“ Hahaha. You don't have to hide it. Eli told me that you made her pee herself. ”

Nick grew more blush that Eli described the actions Nick had done to her and Sharon picked up a joystick and changed the conversation.

“ Let's continue playing the game. ”

Nick picked up the joystick and continued the game. Time passed, Nick and Charon were still unable to pass through this stage. And what Nick was talking about, Charon started to move her thighs a little, Nick saw Charon's condition and asked her.

“ What's wrong, Chalon? ” Charon heard that Nick asked and looked blush, dared not look at Nick's face and responded.

“ The weather made me feel cold in my pussy. ”

“ Is that so? So I believe that is the case. ” Nick and Charon continue playing the game. Charon's concentration began to be out of the game, and she had to fill her vagina with her hands when she had the opportunity and whimper until Nick can notice and ask her again

“ Really cold? Why do you have to hold your hand in your pussy? ”

Charon blushed more and accepted with a lingering tone.

“ I can't fool you. Fine, I want to pee. I went to the bathroom first. ”

Charon held her hand in her vagina and got out of the chair, but Nick grabbed her arm.

“ Play through this stage before you can enter the bathroom. ”

Charon was immediately shocked by what Nick said.

“ What are you saying I'll piss myself. ”

“ If you can't endure, you are not a real gamer. ”

What Nick said seems to have stunned her very much. Sharon sat in the chair and picked up the joystick again and slightly shook her butts.

“ I will show you the gamer. ”

Charon then pressed the start of the level again. This play, she used a lot of concentration, hardly a mistake to play, but Nick noticed the seat of the Charon chair was slightly darker. She leaked out. But it does not cause the distraction of Charon at all.She breathed softly and complained and played the game too.

“ A little more, a little more Don't just come out. ”

Chalon played far from where she had played and was about to reach the finish line. But then…..

“ AHHHHHHHHH! ”

The golden liquid escaped from Chalon's vagina and she couldn't stop, so she had to move the joystick and pee along with it, and finally, Charon successfully reached the finish line.

“ Ah, won't be in time. AH! ”

After Sharon came to the finish line, she pushed the chair away and sat squatting and releasing all the golden liquid, but it didn't seem to catch all the golden liquid before she left the chair. Tears began to bathe on Charon's cheeks and began to sob.

“ *Sob* *Sob* Why? *Sob* *Sob* ”

After Sharon pissed, Nick took the cushion that Charon Pee put in the sun and Charon wore a g-string, but she didn't wear the bra the same way and Charon delivered Nick in front of her room.

“ I had a lot of fun today. Thank you for playing the game with me. ”

“ It's fine. I have nothing to do as well. ”

After talking, Charon is about to close the door of the room, but Nick takes his hand to grab Sharon's chest. Charon blushed as soon as Nick caught her chest and over time Nick removed his hand and told Charon that

“ I would like to receive your reward. ”

And Charon responded to Nick in a provocative way that

“ My pleasure and I hope to play games with you again. ”

“ Me too. ”

And Charon completely shut the door of her room and Nick returned to his room and ended the story that day, but Nick completely forgot what to do.

END

