An Innocent Competition - A Highschool DxD Omo Fic

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2020-10-15 00:07

Another commission by daveshuyi! This one stars Rias Gremory and Akeno Himejima. The premise is that Rias and Sona's teams have set up what is essentially an escape-room gauntlet, and Rias and Akeno have to compete against Sona and Tsubaki in a race. Naturally, the two wind up quite desperate, with no access to a bathroom during the competition!

“Akeno, are you ready?”

“Of course, President.”

Akeno and Rias stood in the center of their club’s room, and the familiar red circle appeared beneath their feet. They transported away and appeared before what appeared to be an old, abandoned warehouse, where members of both the student council and the occult club were waiting for them

Not a few seconds later, Sona and Tsubaki also appeared, dressed in their typical attire and looking calm and relaxed.

“Now, I’ll restate the terms of our competition,” Sona began, “This warehouse has been modified to contain two five-room paths. Each of the five rooms is locked, and each team will need to solve the puzzles in the room to find the key to the next room. Both teams will be monitored by both sides to prevent cheating. Whichever team manages to clear all five puzzle rooms first will be declared the winner,” Sona concluded, then looked over at Rias expectantly.

“I accept these terms,” Rias nodded.

“Very well. Let’s proceed to the starting line.”

Rias and Akeno stepped into the warehouse, followed by Sona and Tsubaki. The inside had been heavily modified, with a small entranceway leading to two doors on either side. Presumably, these doors lead to the starting room for each path. Yuuto and Tomoe entered behind them as well, and Yuuto held up his hand like a referee.

“On three, both teams may enter their respective doors,” Yuuto announced.

Rias and Akeno took their place in front of the right door, though which one they picked really didn’t matter, as the paths were identical. Sona and Tsubaki picked the left, and Yuuto began counting down.

“Good luck,” Sona smiled at Rias.

“Same to you,” Rias grinned back.

“Three… two… one!”

Both teams entered their doors and Rias and Akeno took in the first room. It looked like the foyer to a grand mansion, with white walls, red carpet, and oldschool decorum, such as a map and a painting with thick, gilded frames. A globe and a small bookshelf sat in the corner, and a door sat on the other side of the room. In the center of the room was a white basin of crystal-clear water.

“Oh my, they certainly went all-out, didn’t they?” Akeno smiled.

“Let’s not get distracted, here,” Rias crossed her arms, looking around the room, “Let’s see, the logical first step is to check the map, since it might relate to the globe in the corner. You check the globe and tell me if you see anything.”

The two got to work unraveling the puzzles in the first room. It was a simple puzzle. The map was marked with numbered circles, and they had to rotate the globe in order. Once they did, a book from the bookshelf was pushed outwards, and in it was a combination. Some cursory searching later, and they found a small safe behind the other painting. They put the code into the safe, and it opened. Inside were two small wine glasses and a note.

Akeno pulled the note out and began reading.

“Although I am clear as crystal, I conceal what you seek. Partake of me, and enlightenment will show you the way,” Akeno read aloud, “My, my, whatever could that mean?”

Rias’s eyes immediately darted to the center of the room and the basin of water there. She first ran her hands along the bottom, but rather than a key, she felt a faint hint of magic.

“I think the key’s sealed in here. It seems like we’re supposed to drink the water.”

“Are you sure, President? That is quite a lot of water,” Akeno hesitated, “Then again, the riddle does say partake, and there were these glasses in the safe.”

“It might look like a lot, but it should be fine with the both of us,” Rias pointed out, “Let’s hurry.”

Sure enough, the second they finished, a magic circle appeared at the bottom of the basin, and the key was revealed. Rias grabbed the key and unlocked the first door, glaring back at the basin like it was her enemy.

“My, that was unpleasant,” Akeno noted, placing a hand on her stomach, “Are you doing alright, President?”

“Yes, let’s just keep moving,” Rias replied, a little more sharply than she had intended.

In truth, she was feeling quite a bit of discomfort. Her full stomach was one thing, but her larger concern was lower down. Her bladder was starting to send signals of its fullness, and she just realized it had been a while since she went to the bathroom. That, in addition to all the water she just drank, would certainly catch up to her soon.

Rias and Akeno stepped into the second room and took it in. It was decorated like a traditional Japanese-style room, complete with a kotatsu and tatami mats on the floor. Akeno made a beeline for the far wall to check a large scroll hung there, and Rias bent down to check under the kotatsu. As she crouched down on the ground, she felt her bladder signal in protest, and she placed a hand on her abdomen.

My bladder’s filling up faster than I thought. That water must be getting to me.

“Prez? Are you okay?” Akeno looked down at Rias, a look of concern on her face.

“Y-yes, I’m fine!” Rias replied. Realizing she had frozen up, she moved to check under the kotatsu, ignoring her bladder’s protests.

Rias pulled out a small box that had been hidden under the kotatsu and stood up, grateful that she was no longer in a crouched position.This room’s puzzle was a bit more involved than the first room, and they kept finding things out of order. Not to mention Rias kept getting distracted by her filling bladder.

Once it seemed like they had found all the clues, they got to work trying to solve the room. They were stumped for a little bit, but eventually they figured out how to solve the puzzle, and found the key to the next room.

Rias and Akeno stepped into the third room, and the first thing Rias noticed was that it was significantly colder. It was almost like some kind of walk-in freezer, with metal walls and various supplies. The cold did nothing to help her full bladder, and while Akeno wasn’t looking, she jammed a hand between her legs and shuffled around.

Both girls split off to search the room as quickly as possible. Rias rubbed her thighs together in place as she rummaged through a metal cabinet on the side of the wall. Almost immediately, Rias found a small, green key. She glanced towards the lock on the door, and noticed it was also colored green. Without thinking, Rias made a beeline for the door.

“Prez, wait, if you find any keys, don’t-”

Instantly, two magic circles appeared underneath Rias’s legs, and ice formed around them, freezing her feet to the ground. The cold sent chills up her spine, and with her legs stuck apart, Rias let a leak out into her panties.

This is really bad! My bladder’s really full, and the cold’s making it so much worse!

“My my,” Akeno shook her head, “Sorry, I was just about to warn you. I found this note and a blue key. The riddle mentions there are three keys in this room, each one representing an element. It’s likely that we need to use the element key that counters the element color on the lock to proceed.”

“S-sorry, I wasn’t thinking,” Rias sighed, running her hand through her red hair in frustration.

“Are you sure you’re okay, Pres?” Akeno asked again, “You’ve seemed restless and uncomfortable since the first room.”

“I’m fine, I was just rushing,” Rias stated, “Just, come over here and help me out of this trap.”

As Akeno moved over to Rias, she clenched herself and shuffled in place, trying to press her thighs together in vain. She was pretty desperate at this point, but as Akeno was drawing closer, she was forced to let go of her crotch.

Suddenly, a strong spasm shot through Rias, and she doubled over in place. She quickly jammed both hands between her spread legs. Despite her efforts, a few small drops leaked out into her panties. Still, she had managed to avoid a bigger leak. She held herself until the wave passed, and let out a slight sigh of relief.

“Oh my, prez,” Akeno smiled, placing her cheek on her hand, “What was with that outburst just now? Could it be that you’ve been holding it in, Riasu-chan?” Akeno asked, her tone making it clear she knew the answer.

Rias let out a sigh, and nodded, “I was preparing for the challenge and I got distracted, and didn’t go before the game. Plus all that water we drank is getting to me.”

“My my, isn’t that cute~ Our diligent president, working so hard she forgets her own bodily needs,” Akeno smiled, hugging Rias from behind, and making sure to run a hand across Rias’s abdomen, “But you really should take better care of yourself~”

“Just hurry and get me out of this trap,” Rias demanded, crossing her arms.

Akeno giggled and with a snap of her fingers, the magic trap faded and the ice shattered. With that done, they were able to breeze through the elemental locks and find the key that opened the door. The problem was, the key was in a small plastic ball at the bottom of a narrow tube, and neither Akeno nor Rias could fit their hands down in it.

“I bet they want us to use some kind of liquid to make the ball float so we can retrieve the key,” Rias deduced.

“Hmm, there’s probably a container of water we have yet to find,” Akeno pointed out, “But we do have some liquid we can use, and you can relieve yourself at the same time.”

Rias blushed bright red, “W-what? Absolutely not! Did you forget everyone’s watching us! It’s not just you and me in here. Besides, that would probably constitute cheating.”

“Suit yourself, Prez,” Akeno shrugged, “I’ll go find the container. Try to hold on, okay?”

Akeno found the container surprisingly quickly, and she began pouring the liquid into the tube. She turned to watch Rias as she tipped the bottle slowly, pouring the liquid out so it splashed audibly as it hit the bottom of the tube. Rias’s bladder screamed in protest at the sound, and Rias shot Akeno a glare as she danced desperately in place. However, she noticed Akeno shuffling as well. She was pressing her thighs together, as though the sound was also getting to her, and Rias wondered if Akeno had to pee.

She did drink from that large basin of water too, after all. And come to think of it, she’d been with me the whole time I was studying in the clubroom.

This next room appeared to be a study, with a desk and two large bookshelves along both walls. Rias steeled herself and gave her crotch a brief squeeze before stepping into the room fully and starting to search.

Things were getting much harder at this point, though. Not only was each room getting more difficult, but Rias was having a hard time focusing clearly on anything but her mounting desperation. She could feel her swollen bladder shifting uncomfortably whenever she had to make any sudden movements. It was starting to bulge out, something she could feel whenever she placed a hand on her abdomen.

She glanced over at Akeno every once in a while, and it was clear that her queen was also suffering from a full bladder. Her breathing was heavy and she was avoiding bending down and spreading her legs as much as possible. Also, when she thought Rias wasn’t looking, she would briefly hold herself, or dance in place. It would be clear to the people watching them that they both needed to pee.

As they made slow progress on the puzzle, Akeno smiled over at Rias, who had stopped to jam her hands between her legs, “Are you regretting not using the tube to relieve yourself, Prez?”

“No, I’m fine, I can hold it,” Rias shot back, though she wasn’t entirely confident of that statement herself, “Moreover, you keep teasing me, but you have to pee too, don’t you? Don’t think I haven’t noticed.”

“My my, is it that obvious?” Akeno placed a hand on her cheek, blushing, “Y-yes, my bladder is also getting quite full. Though you’re clearly in much worse of a shape than I am.”

“L-let’s just focus on getting through this puzzle before we both wet ourselves,” Rias frowned, crossing her arms.

The puzzle involved many of the books, which made it hard to get through quickly. Eventually, however, they managed to reveal a hidden arrow that pointed down to something behind the desk.

“It seems like there’s something hidden behind there,” Akeno pointed out, “The only problem is, one of us will have to bend down to get it. I’m sure that will be quite taxing on our bladders.”

“You mean your bladder,” Rias pointed out, crossing her arms, “You’re going to retrieve it.”

“B-but, Prez, shouldn’t we at least-”

“You teased me a lot in that last room, but you forget that I am your master,” Rias stated firmly, “You are my loyal slave, and you will retrieve it.”

Akeno didn’t seem the least bit bothered or upset, merely nodding, “Yes, President.”

Rias watched Akeno bend over and reach down behind the desk. As she watched, she stood there and danced in place, shuffling her weight from leg to leg as she rubbed her abdomen. In her current position, Akeno’s skirt had ridden up, putting her panties on full display. It was hard to see on the frilly black material, but there was definitely a small wet patch where Akeno had leaked.

“A-ah!”

Akeno let out a cry, and Rias saw her snake her arm underneath her body and jam her fingers into her crotch from behind. A few small drops streamed out and dribbled onto the floor. After a bit more struggling, Akeno finally straightened herself, holding up a key. Her face was bright red, and she took a brief moment to shuffle in place desperately.

“G-got it!”

“V-very good, let’s hurry up.”

The two made their way into the final room, and immediately Rias’s heart sunk. The room was decorated like a fancy bathroom, complete with a large bathtub, a gilded mirror, and much to both of their dismay, a fountain running in the corner. Immediately both girls jammed their hands between their legs, squirming around at the sound.

“T-this is really bad,” Rias noted, “Let’s focus and work on this quickly!”

“R-right!” Akeno agreed.

The two danced and squirmed, trying their best to ignore the tortuous splashing noise the fountain produced as they fumbled through the final puzzle.The fact that nearly the whole room was filled with the sounds of running water was torture, and Rias bit her lip as she danced in place, waiting for it to be over.

Suddenly, her bladder spasmed again, and Rias dropped to the floor. She jammed her heel into her crotch and wriggled around desperately as the mounting pressure nearly made her lose control. A few hot spurts of pee escaped, trickling through her damp panties and onto the heel of her foot. She looked up at Akeno, who wasn’t faring much better. The girl had both hands clamped desperately down on her crotch, and she was scissoring her legs back and forth.

Finally, they solved one of the puzzles, and a small click was heard near the fountain. Both girls begrudgingly moved to investigate, only to find that four switches, two on either side of the fountain, appeared.

Akeno tried to press each switch, but it appeared that all that did was light them up for a brief second. As she wriggled in desperation, she turned back to Rias and frowned.

“I think they have to all be pressed at the same time, and the fountain’s big enough that I can’t reach them all alone,” Akeno pointed out.

Rias shuffled in place, pressing her thighs together, “Alright, quickly, on three!”

Both girls were forced to use both hands to press all four switches down at once. The switches all lit up and the fountain finally stopped running, a key appearing at the top.Immediately, Rias pulled her hands from the water and jammed them between her legs. Akeno danced in place before grabbing the key, and both girls hurried out towards the exit.

They unlocked the final door and hobbled out, only to find that Sona and Tsubaki had emerged before them. They had lost, but Rias didn’t care about that right now, all she wanted was to make it to the toilets before she wet herself. The two approached Sona, and realized that Sona and Tsubaki also looked to be desperate, both dancing in place as they spotted Rias and Akeno heading towards them.

“You guys too, huh? We just finished up too. That basin at the beginning…” Sona frowned, “I wonder if they added a diuretic to the water.”

“We can worry about that later,” Rias pointed out, “What should we do?”

“The school, I’ll transport us there, and-” Akeno began, before pausing to double over and jam a hand between her legs.

“No time,” Sona frowned, “I’ll-”

Suddenly, another room appeared before them, and the four looked over, confused. On the sign on the outside was a ladies’ room sign.

“A restroom?” Tsubaki asked.

Sona narrowed her eyes as she adjusted her glasses, “This was definitely planned, then.”

“Who cares, I’m gonna wet myself here!” Tsubaki rushed in. She flashed the group with her panties as she lunged towards the door, and it was clear that she had already leaked a lot.

Sona’s eyes widened, “H-hey, let me go first!” But it was too late. Tsubaki slammed the door behind her, leaving Sona and team Gremory squirming outside the bathroom.

“W-well, we technically won, so I’m going after her!” Sona stated, taking her place at the front of the line. She was dancing and squirming around desperately, and it was clear she was in a similar state to Rias and Akeno.

“Y-you can go first, Prez,” Akeno noted, stepping behind Rias. She said it calmly, but it was clear both of them were on the verge of wetting themselves.

Sona let out a sudden eep and doubled over as a small spurt escaped from between her legs. She blushed furiously and jammed both hands against her crotch, staving the flow. The sight was almost too much for Rias, and she doubled over and squeezed herself.

Finally, Tsubaki exited the bathroom, letting out a relieved sigh and Sona rushed in frantically. Rias, now right outside the door, could hear the strong, forceful stream as Sona peed into the toilet. The noise was unbearable, and Rias crossed her legs together and danced in place, feeling her aching bladder begging for relief.

“I’m sorry, Prez,” she heard from Akeno behind her. She glanced back and saw Akeno, dancing as frantically as her, doubled over with both hands jammed up her skirt.

She made a few more desperate squirms before a strong stream of pee erupted from between her legs. It streamed through her fingers even as she pressed them against her crotch, soaking her panties and running down her long, curvy legs. She smiled, though her face was bright red, as she fully wet herself behind Rias.

The sight and sound was too much for Rias’s taxed bladder. Even as she heard the toilet flush behind the door in front of her, she knew she wasn’t going to make it. Rias clamped down hard and tried to muster all her strength, but it was no use. Her overtaxed bladder sent one last wave of desperation over her, and the floodgates burst open. A strong, steady flow poured out from between her legs, soaking her skirt and panties. Rias let an almost pleasured moan of relief out as her taxed bladder emptied itself there.

She could feel her hot pee run down her legs soaking her socks and shoes and pooling on the ground beneath her. She’d nearly been holding it the whole competition, and now that she was finally peeing, the sheer bliss of her relief washed over her and nearly made her collapse. She staggered and was forced to place her hand on the door in front of her to support herself.

She finally finished peeing, and the door in front of her opened, Sona stepping out and realizing what had happened.

“O-oh, I’m sorry, I-”

“It’s fine, it’s not your fault, we were all in the same boat,” Rias pointed out, “Now, to get to the bottom of this.”

Rias wasn’t sure who was responsible, but she honestly wasn’t even that concerned. Her mind was still hazy from the relief of peeing, and all she cared about now was getting herself cleaned up and resting.

“Akeno, let’s head back to the club room, I want to take a bath,” Rias pointed out.

“May I join you, I seem to be in need of one as well,” Akeno pointed out, raising up her soaked skirt for emphasis.

“Of course,” Rias nodded.

The End

