Leotard Trauma!

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-12-17 04:29

Jade helped Sarah slip her leotard on. Jade had managed to slip into her dark blue one after about half an hour of pulling up the damn thing to get her legs through. Sarah was probably the thinnest of her friends. Jade had the biggest. Not so much bigger as it fat, but in a better shape and muscle. Sarah though he nice thin legs and that small shape rounded up around her boobs.

Their other friend Lexi brushed her dark hair before tying it up. She had rubbed baby oil all over herself to slip into the leotard faster. Their coach ordered them extra small leotards even though they were all in the low medium size range.

“This is tight as hell!” Jade said, unable to stretch her long black shiny legs cause of the force of the leotard.

“Definitely a squeeze on my bladder,” said Sarah as she crouched over a little quickly crossing then uncrossing her legs just to maintain control.

“Make sure to stay hydrated ladies!” Yelled their coach from his office. “AC is down and competition will be rough. Just like my second marriage.”

” Like I can drink more,” said Lexi in a pissed off mood. “My bladder is the size of Texas.” In spite of that, she continued to guzzle down the rest of her water bottle.

” Me too,” said Sarah.

“Me pee-I MEAN THREE!” Yelled an agonizing Jade.

“LADIES LET’S MOVE OUT!” screamed the coach.

They all headed out to the stadium. It was an indoor gymnasium. Very big. Right now, the place was set up like a gymnasium for gymnastics and a little acrobat practice. Most of the other time the floor mats were moved out and hoops lowered for basketball games. Before that during the year there would be hockey games that happened from the floor opening and bringing out an ice ring. The gymnasium was packed. Family, friends, students, professors of their college, general public, everyone was there. Three different schools competing. For Jade, Sarah, and Lexi, this was their home school. This was their stage bitches!

Sarah stopped as her coach and friends moved forward. She held her lower belly as her bladder violently vibrated and caused a pulsing cramp of pain push through her body. “Ah!” she moaned. “Be right back!” Her friends and coach looked at her, and before they could be saying anything, she went off with a trail of just a little leaked urine behind her.

Sarah made it to the bathroom. She was bouncing as she walked up to the stall and pushed at the door but it would not open. “Occupied!” the person inside said. Sarah bounced and tried the next stall. Same thing: occupied. She tried the third one. No good either! One left. She pushed the door open and felt relief BUT it was shut and locked. “Yo, I’m in here!” Sarah was sweating as she felt all those bottles of water filling her bladder. Very quickly her bladder filled more. It was a heavy, boiling feeling.

“Please hurry!” she begged. This was embarrassing. She turned red. Finally, a flush. Her knees went inwards. She grabbed her crotch and plugged up her pee hole with her fingers. A stall unoccupied as she ran in and slammed the door. “Thank G-.” Sarah stopped as she pulled on her leotard and it would NOT come off. “Oh…no….” She tried pulling it at the collar, the bottom, it was so tight it was stuck on her. Seeing the toilet right there was so bad at that moment. Poor Sarah potty-danced foot to foot, knowing she was in for a big mess.

“Sarah!” yelled Coach. “Better get that little tush of yours out here!”

“Mmmm,” Sarah moaned. She had no choice. She ran out, legs tight together as her butt stayed closed.

Sarah stood on the balance beam, ready for the performance of her life (and due to possible humiliation, her last). Sarah shook from her rising anxiety. She could not piss herself in front of all these people. She started to leak. She took small steps. It was the most awkward gymnaeitcs performance ever. People gave odd looks not knowing what exactly was going on. Sarah froze on the beam and could not move, and the weight of her bladder brought her down. A gallon of heavy yellow pee inside anchoring her down and causing her legs to split against her will. Sarah covered her face and turned red as a cherry. From the split and the red face, she looked like a banana split sundae with a cherry on top.

Seeing her poor friend caused both pains of empathy for Jade and pains in her bladder. Who was she kidding? Her bladder was seconds away from exploding like a water balloon doing a belly flop with a brick wall. Odd because right now as she ran to the bathroom, Jade’s bladder felt like a brick wall. Rock hard as filled with pee. Her legs remained tight as she ran and she almost dropped dead with her jaw dropped as she saw the horror: a huge line for the ladies’ room!

“Ah man!” Jade moaned, crossing her shiny black legs, crouching down to her butt as she held her crotch. “I gotta hold it! I can…can’t!” Jade did wait in line and tried VERY hard to hold in that river inside wanting to pour out. She felt a war gist in her panties and bit her lip knowing any second she would pop.

The line did not even look like it was moving. The only thing about the line that was moving were the tons of ladies in it. Mothers, daughters, classmates of Jade. She was very last in line for only FOUR STALLS! Jade sweat and turned to the men’s room, but a sign was over it that said, “closed for cleaning.” Jade cried out, “Shit! Shit, shit, shit shit shit!” Her arms pressed against her sides going straight down as her lips sucked inside her mouth and she only felt the pressure expanding inside of her. “GGGotta hhhold it! Come on!” Sweat beat across her face and she gagged becoming so shaky from the pain . Like she was a dragon with fire coming out of her bladder and a royal knight struck her with a sword of party destruction.

“Jade!” yelled Coach. “What the hell is going on with you girls? Sarah just humiliated herself in front of everyone out there, and now you? The hell?”

“C-C-Coach,” Jade mumbled her words together. She shook and could not stop. Her body was losing control and about to explode like crazy. “I REALLY need to PEE. I-AH!” A stream leaked down her leg. She held her crotch, but the tightness was so bad that her grip barely had any effect. “MMMM!” Oh all that water. It had blown her bladder up so so much.

Jade went woozy and fainted right there, and pee shot out of her going everywhere. Coach jumped out of the way as others backed up. As Jade came back to it, she realized what she did. She could not stop the urine coming out, and only cried. She got up, cried, and ran away to who knew where. Though Coach’s gym bag did smell like a load of urine when he picked it up later. And Jade was pissed at him (no pun intended…ok little pun).

Lexi had her arms crossed around her torso, legs crossed, and bounced knowing she was going to be the third to go off if she did not do something quick. “This can’t be happening,” She whispered in a feeling of panic.

“Ok Lexi,” said Coach as he walked by. “Just you sweetie. Good luck.” He slapped her on the back and almost caused her to pee herself. Lexi had to win this for school.

Lexi ran and leaped onto the rope and pulled herself up doing a few flips. Each time she landed on the ground she crocuses at the knees and held her crotch hard. Be each landing also made the boiling pressure inside worse than the last jump and land.

She flung over the mattress blocks and landed doing a cartwheel. She spun, she danced, and the crowd cheered. Lexi smiled, and she noticed her bladder did not sting as much anymore.

The judges all held up their score cards. 1 1 and 1. Three ones out of ten for a score? “The hell?” Lexi said.

A judge said, “No sweetie, you really did well out there. We’re just trying to tell you…well.” She pointed and Lexi turned around, turning red at the sight. A large, stretched puddle about twenty feet long stretched behind her. It was still coming from down her legs, but she did not feel it due to being so numb from the leotards.

Lexi was so embarrassed she did all sshe could. Try to cover it up. “It’s just yellow Gatorade!” Half the stadium laughed at least. Lexi held her legs tight as she could feel more bursting to come out. “NnnnO....mmmmNO!” She cries as she squirmed around. Her legs were shot open by the pressure. A storm drained out of her and as good as it felt the constant laughing and humiliation got rid of that goodness. She fell to her knees crying hands over face.

END.

*003*2017-12-17 20:33

Added more to the desperation for each girl you guys. If you want to reread.

