The Sister's Ordeal -- An Toaru Majutsu no Index Fanfic

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2022-02-10 01:43

It's been a while since I've posted a story, but here's my latest commission! This story was commissioned by @Infecteddeer12

, and brought be back to writing about one of my favorite series (and my account's namesake)! This one's a long one, but I had a lot of fun writing it, and I hope you all enjoy reading it as well!

The Sisters' Ordeal

In the heart of Academy City’s District 7, a certain familiar Level 0 walked along, looking drained. He dragged his feet as he walked along, looking up to the clear blue skies above and letting out a long, heavy sigh.

“Getting away from Index this morning was more of a pain than usual. I get that it’s because she was concerned about me after that last incident, and wanted me to rest up more, but it’s not like I’m out here because I want to be. Biribiri told me to meet her here for some reason, so I had no choice…”

Kamijou Touma found himself trudging his way through the streets of Academy City to a familiar park, where he would meet with Misaka Mikoto. The reason for this was simple. Just a few days prior, Touma had been vital in resolving a critical incident that Mikoto had been dealing with for quite a while involving a particularly strong pyromaster-type esper. While usually such a threat would’ve been simple for the 3rd strongest Level 5 esper in Academy City to deal with, and indeed, the pyromaster himself posed very little threat to Mikoto, he had taken a number of hostages, and in the end, Touma wound up showing up and helping her take care of the situation. Naturally, he wound up getting injured in the process, but he managed to save the day.

Today was his first day out of the hospital, and Misaka Mikoto had texted him and asked him to meet her at the park by a certain vending machine so she could thank him properly for helping out. And so, he found himself walking to the park on this calm, clear day.

Touma looked down at the screen of his phone, the phone the two had gotten with that shared phone plan a while back while out together, trying to wrack his brain of what she could want with him today, or why she wanted to meet with him. Eventually, he gave up. There was no sense trying to guess when he’d get to the park in a few minutes and meet with her. He could ask her what she wanted there.

It wasn’t long before Touma reached the park and immediately made his way to the meeting spot. Misaka Mikoto was already there, leaning against the vending machine with a can of her usual coconut cider clutched in her hand. Her outfit was the usual Tokiwadai school uniform, with her iconic spats peeking out underneath its short skirt.

“Ah, Biribiri!” Touma stated almost involuntarily upon seeing her.

Hearing his voice, Mikoto’s head turned towards him, and her face immediately lit up bright red. She immediately hid her embarrassment by crossing her arms, errant sparks flying from her forehead.

“You’re late, you know! And I told you not to call me that!”

“S-sorry,” Touma scratched the back of his head, “I came as soon as I got your message. It was rather sudden.”

Mikoto looked like she was about to protest, but instead let out a sigh as she calmed down and leaned against the vending machine, “W-well, I suppose I did ask you to come out here suddenly.”

“Speaking of,” Touma looked around, “Why did you call me out here? You just mentioned wanting to thank me for the other day.”

This immediately made Mikoto blush again, and she turned away, unable to look Touma in the face, “W-well, I thought… I mean… I was free today, so I figured we could… I mean… the renovations to that amusement park in District 6 just finished, so it’s open again, and I got some free passes to their reopening as part of a promotional deal I did with them, so I figured we could go together.”

“Ah, well,” Touma paused. In truth, he wasn’t exactly one for amusement parks, but he figured saying as much would lead to many a spark being sent his way. Besides, it was clear Mikoto wanted to do something nice for him for helping out, and he really didn’t want to reject that outright, “Actually, sure, I didn’t really have anything else to do, so I don’t mind tagging along.”

“G-great!” Mikoto beamed, blushing, “L-let’s go, then, we’ll have to take the train, but if we head out now, we should have most of the day to spend at the park!”

Touma fell into step behind Mikoto, which was good for her, because her face was beet red and she was only getting more flustered. She had come up with the idea the night before, but it took her a while to work up the nerve to even text Touma, and now that he had accepted, her heart was racing at the thought of them actually spending the day together.

###

Meanwhile, elsewhere in Academy City, a situation was unfolding.

Well, to call it a situation was a bit misleading, because it wasn’t anything so serious, but it was a mystery.

A young girl with the face of Misaka Mikoto was standing around the living room of a familiar apartment. She had just been awoken from a nap by a nagging sensation coming from her abdomen, and she had been en route to the bathroom, when suddenly, the urge and fullness completely vanished.

Ordinarily, Last Order would’ve brushed this off and gone back to sleep, but this wasn’t the first time this had happened over the last few days, and she was starting to grow more and more curious.

“What’s going on? Misaka wonders Misaka wonders,” Last Order spoke to herself.

Last Order turned to a figure sleeping on the couch. While unassuming, especially while sleeping lazily, the figure was in fact the strongest Level 5 esper in Academy City, known only by the name of his ability, Accelerator.

Ordinarily, Last Order would simply ask him what was going on, but he was sleeping so peacefully, and normally the problems Accelerator was best at dealing with involved beating people up and resolving serious issues, and Last Order didn’t think this was an issue like that.

None of the other people who usually called the apartment their home were here now either, so it was up to Last Order to figure this out on her own.

“It’s up to Misaka to solve this one on my own! Misaka states Misaka states with determination!”

With a look of determination clear on her face, Last Order made her way to the kitchen and got herself a rather large glass of water. Her own experiments were about to begin.

###

Sitting on a train to District 6 was a familiar girl with the face of Misaka Mikoto. Anyone would’ve likely recognized her as Misaka Mikoto, and yet, with a pair of goggles sitting atop her head, and a distinct lack of a certain Level 0 beside her, it was clear this person was not Misaka Mikoto.

Instead, she was one of the many Sisters created based on the DNA pattern of Misaka Mikoto, in other words, a clone. While many of the clones had been spread across different scientific and medical institutes throughout the world, this clone was one of the clones permitted to stay in Academy City.

She was known by her number 10032, and she was currently on her way to the same amusement park that the original and Touma were en route to.

In fact, from what she could tell through the Misaka Network, many of the other clones in Academy City were also headed towards the same park. She wasn’t surprised. The renovations made to the amusement park had been heavily advertised, and it’s reopening was supposed to be a pretty big deal.

She was excited, though you wouldn’t be able to tell from the look on her face. As she sat and rode the train to her destination, she maintained a very blank, stoic expression, though her mind raced with all the fun she was bound to have there.

Suddenly, the train jostled, something rather rare for the high tech, high speed trains of Academy City, and she looked up. She wondered if something had happened, but she couldn’t spot anything, and the train returned to running along at a smooth pace. Before she could return to thinking about how much fun she was going to have at the amusement park, however, she felt a strange, sudden urge come from her abdomen.

“Suddenly, Misaka has to pee, Misaka realizes,” 10032 spoke aloud, not really caring if the other passengers overheard her. She placed a hand on her abdomen and frowned, “This is not the first time Misaka has felt a sudden urge to pee come about recently, Misaka notes curiously.”

Misaka 10032 tried to gauge her level of fullness, squeezing her thighs together as she felt her bladder quiver. It was quite urgent, but Misaka knew that the train ride shouldn’t take too long. She had no choice but to hold it until she got there anyway, so as she held it, she tried to figure out what was going on.

“This is Misaka 10032,” Misaka thought, broadcasting out over the Misaka Network, “Reporting a strange anomaly where this Misaka was struck with a sudden and unexplained urge to pee. Urge is quite urgent, but not desperate.”

“This is Misaka 19090, reporting a similar incident that happened the other day, in which this Misaka was struck by a sudden and desperate urge to pee at quite an inconvenient time. Unable to locate usable facilities, this Misaka was forced to relieve herself behind a dumpster in an alley.”

“This is Misaka 10039, reporting a similar incident occurring just now, this Misaka is currently urgently trying to locate unoccupied facilities due to the sudden and unexpected need to pee.”

Hearing the plights, both past and current, of her other Sisters, Misaka 10032’s urge flared up and she found herself shuffling her legs together, trying to fight back the urges from her bladder. She nervously looked out the window, trying to guess the remaining time before the train reached the station.

“This is Misaka 10032, wishing Misaka 10039 the best of luck on reaching the facilities, and also hopes she can hold on until the train arrives.”

With that, Misaka 10032 wracked her brain, trying to occupy herself with what was causing the disturbance in the Misaka Network, both to investigate and prevent such an ordeal in the future, but also to distract her from her growing urge to pee. Increasingly, however, she felt her thoughts torn away from any potential theories for what might be happening, and to the waves of urgency and pressure in her abdomen.

She shuffled in her seat, once again glancing out the window nervously. To get to District 6 from District 7, the train had to travel through the entirety of District 5 first. District 5 was largely dominated by colleges and universities, as well as amenities for the more adult students of Academy City, and it was clear from the more mature and refined feel of the buildings, especially compared to District 7, that they were still in the heart of District 5.

Misaka crossed one leg over the other, placing a hand not-so-discreetly between her legs as she tried to estimate the amount of time it would take the train to reach their destination. Because it was a high-speed train, she figured it wouldn’t take more than fifteen or twenty minutes, but the question was if she had that long.

As the train jolted again unexpectedly, Misaka 10032 leaned forwards, pressing her hand against her crotch as the jostling of her bladder sent a wave of desperation crashing through her.

“Misaka really hopes she can hold on, Misaka says worriedly,” she announced aloud, biting her lip as she continued to hold it.

###

The amusement park where Touma and Mikoto were headed was known as Infinity Festival. It was a large amusement park with high-tech rides that would be largely unrecognizable as roller coasters, and a heavy influence on scientific and simulated technology. The most recognizable thing to a person coming in from outside of Academy City would likely be the large ferris wheel towering overhead and making up the center of the park.

There were also entire lower levels built underground that housed even more rides, as well as eateries, food and drink stands, and other facilities. There was even a restricted section with a more mature focus, for the college students and adults of the city, including bars, lounges, and even a rumored casino.

Touma and Mikoto were still on the train running through District 5, in fact, they were on the same exact train as Misaka 10032, though they were in different cars and neither were yet aware of the other’s presence. However, there were already some Sisters who had made it to the park.

Misaka 10039 and Misaka 13570 had already traveled to Infinity Festival, and were currently wandering around the main level of the park. They had gone on a few rides and polished off some cold, refreshing smoothies when 10039 was struck with the sudden urge to pee. Initially, 10039 made her way to the nearest restrooms, but due to the well-advertised reopening of the park, the line at the first restrooms they went to was rather long. The next restrooms they went to were the same story, with a long line that seemed to be moving slowly.

Misaka 10039 was getting worried, though the expression on her face did not betray it. She shuffled from foot to foot as she stared at yet another long line, her hand rubbing her abdomen as she felt her full bladder.

“This is still rather close to the entrance, perhaps the restrooms further in will be less crowded, Misaka suggests,” Misaka 13570 noted, turning to 10039.

“Let’s head further in, Misaka agrees,” 10039 nodded, pressing her thighs together, “Misaka doesn’t think she can hold it through this line, Misaka admits shamefully.”

Of course, despite her words, 10039’s expression remained relatively blank, however, there was a clear hint of worry in her eyes.

The two made their way further into the park, with Misaka 10039 trailing behind Misaka 13570. She could feel her bladder sitting swollen in her abdomen, and the waves of desperation were starting to come in, spikes of pressure and discomfort forcing her to press her thighs together tightly as she walked. She was holding one hand close to the front of her skirt, not yet needing to hold herself, while the other hand rubbed her abdomen.

It wasn’t long before they reached further in and located yet another set of restrooms. However, much to 10039’s dismay, the lines weren’t that much shorter. Her legs buckled upon seeing the long lines, with other desperate park-goers already dancing in place in front of her. She slipped her hand down between her legs, pressing at her crotch as another wave of desperation struck her.

“Misaka wonders if perhaps the lower levels will be better, Misaka states hopefully.”

10039 looked down at the map of the park they had been given at the entrance. There were stairways and escalators down to the lower levels nearby. Misaka was somewhat relieved, given that the urgency of her situation was quickly escalating, and she really wasn’t sure she’d be able to hold it through the long lines they’ve seen in the upper level.

“Let’s try the lower levels, then, Misaka agrees,” Misaka 13570 replied, heading off immediately.

Misaka 10039 was surprised by how quickly 13570 started heading to the lower levels. She quickly walked, half-shuffling, to catch up to her, and noticed that her fellow Sister was walking a bit more stiffly than normal. It wasn’t anything like how clearly desperate 10039 was at this point, but it was clear something had changed.

“13570, Misaka has noticed a change in your gait, is it possible that you too have to pee? Misaka asks boldly.”

“10039 is clearly more desperate, however, it is true that with all this running around for the restrooms, Misaka is currently starting to feel the effects of a full bladder, Misaka admits, embarrassed.”

10039 pressed her thighs together as she walked at the thought of the other Misaka also needing to pee, but part of her felt better that she wasn’t the only one experiencing the effects of a full bladder.

As she thought this, though, she felt a strong spasm from her bladder and nearly doubled over, pressing her hands into her crotch as she froze in place. She could feel her muscles quiver as they fought against her urge to pee.

Misaka 13570 looked back in concern, and suddenly 10039 stood stark upright, shuffling forwards stiffly.

“Misaka needs to hurry, or Misaka will…”

Without finishing, the two nodded, heading quickly down to the lower levels where hopefully they would both find their relief.

###

Touma and Mikoto finally disembarked from the train, and almost immediately the first thing they saw after leaving the station was the large ferris wheel and rides stretching up in front of them. Infinity Festival had been strategically placed across the street from the trains, so it was naturally the first thing anyone saw after getting off.

“Woah, this place is really cool! I bet there are a bunch of fun rides!” Mikoto beamed as she looked up at the amusement park before her.

“Oh, I didn’t think you’d get so excited over rides, Biribiri,” Touma spoke next to her.

Mikoto blushed, looking over at him, “I c-can have interests too, you know! B-besides, I just thought it looked impressive.”

Not wanting him to think of her as childish for getting excited for the amusement park, Mikoto crossed her arms and headed forwards towards the main entrance. Getting in wasn’t hard, since she had two tickets that allowed them to bypass the entrance line.

“Hey, let’s go on that ride first!” Mikoto pointed to a rather blocky looking roller coaster with cars that looked more like small pods rather than the open-seated trains you might see on normal rides, “I mean, if you want to. The line doesn’t look that bad.”

“Let’s go,” Touma nodded, and the two of them got into line for the ride.

Back at the station, where the two had just left, was another one of the Sisters, 10032, who had somehow managed to hold it all the way through the train ride. She hobbled off the train with a hand jammed between her legs, and urgently looked around for the restrooms.

“Misaka managed to make it, but… Misaka’s not sure how much longer she can hold it, Misaka admits.”

The poor clone shuffled around the train station until she spotted a familiar sign and her eyes lit up. The restrooms. Shamelessly holding herself as she walked, she followed the signs leading the way to her relief. However, to her dismay, the second she rounded the corner, she encountered a long line heading out of the bathroom. It looked rather long.

“What should Misaka do? Misaka really has to pee, but she doesn’t have any other places to go, Misaka wonders worriedly.”

In the end, 10032 wound up shuffling to the back of the line, shifting her weight from foot to foot as she squeezed and rubbed her thighs together. Her desperation was rather apparent to anyone who was watching, and yet she showed no signs of embarrassment. All she wanted now was to make it to the toilets dry.

Back in the park, and having much better luck with lines, Touma and Mikoto were boarding the first ride together. They shuffled into the chairs and were strapped in automatically, and it was at that point that Mikoto realized the two were rather close, with the small pods leaving little room between them. Touma’s knee brushed up against Mikoto’s thigh and her face lit up, blushing at the contact. She thought about speaking up, but she didn’t even want him to know that she noticed something like that.

The ride hasn’t even started yet and my heart’s already racing.

Mikoto shuffled nervously in her seat, waiting for the ride to start. Soon, it did, with their pod and all the others slowly shifting as they began moving forwards slowly. The inside of the pod suddenly lit up entirely, like some kind of simulator, projecting a holographic environment even as the pod itself physically moved slowly up the track.

The pod got to the top of the track and stopped, and the simulator made it seem like they weren’t suspended up by anything. It would’ve been a frightening experience for anyone scared of heights, but Mikoto’s heart pounded in excitement. She glanced over at Touma, who looked stiff and somewhat terrified, and wondered if he was scared of rides, or if he would wind up enjoying this as much as she would.

She thought about reaching out and holding his hand as the pod lurched forwards, but she blushed furiously at the thought, and couldn’t bring herself to do it.

Suddenly, the drop. The pod was rushing forwards, down the ride, and Mikoto’s heart was racing. Touma was screaming next to her, but whether that was in fear or excitement Mikoto couldn’t tell. The pod flipped over and the simulation around them flashed scenery past them and made it feel like they were going way faster than they actually were. The ride shot upwards and the scenery around them turned from a bright, clear sky to stars as they flew past. Mikoto’s eyes were sparkling at the excitement and the amazing starfield all around them.

Then the ride stopped for a brief moment, and it really felt like they were floating at the edge of space. The pod dove downward, giving them a weightless feeling as the simulation around them stayed still, keeping the ride tranquil for a few more moments. Eventually, however, the simulation started moving again too, and they were once again thrust into the feeling of flying back down the atmosphere to earth.

They reached the ground and pulled back into the ride station, and just like that, the ride was over. Touma was gripping onto the harness around his shoulders tightly, but despite the pale look on his face, a small smile graced his lips.

“That was amazing!” Mikoto smiled happily, “Well, what did you think?”

“I’m usually not one for rides, but even I have to admit, that wasn’t like anything I’ve experienced before,” Touma admitted, “It was fun!”

“It was, wasn’t it? I can’t wait to see what other rides this place has!” Mikoto beamed. After that, she had all but forgotten her desire to hide her excitement for the rides here.

She eagerly led Touma along as they looked for the next ride, but then suddenly she stopped, looking across the walkway at a drink stand. It was advertising a special edition flavor of her favorite soda, and come to think of it, she hadn’t had much to drink that day besides the cider she drank while waiting for Touma.

“Hey, let’s stop and get some refreshments,” she suggested.

Touma nodded, “That sounds like a good idea. As much fun as that last ride was, I could use a break before hopping on the next one.”

The two made their way over to the drink stand and got drinks, stopping to sip on them so they weren’t carrying them around the park. They sat down at one of the tables and Mikoto eagerly drank the new flavor. It was a vaguely defined “Carnival Blue Flavor” of her go-to coconut cider, and while she couldn’t pinpoint the flavor, she was enjoying it.

“That’s a new flavor, right? How is it?” Touma asked.

“It’s really good! Want a sip? Sorry, there isn’t much left,” Mikoto offered, handing her cup over to him.

“Ah, sure,” Touma nodded, “Here, you can try mine too.”

Touma sipped the last of Mikoto’s drink and she took a sip from his cup as well. She enjoyed it too, but naturally she still preferred her own cider. As Touma finished off her drink, Mikoto looked down at the cup and the straw she just used, and a realization dawned on her.

We… we… we just… we just… that was an indirect kiss! I… I can’t give this back to him! Then that would be like, two indirect kisses, right!?

Blushing, Mikoto freaked out and began gulping down Touma’s drink furiously. She quickly finished off Touma’s drink and turned away, blushing brightly as sparks flew from her head.

“S-sorry, I must’ve been thirsty, I drank it all… I’ll… I’ll go buy you another one!”

Mikoto quickly stood up, tossing the two empty cups out and making her way back over to the drink stand, both to buy Touma a new drink, but also because she didn’t want to face him after she realized they shared drinks.

I’m getting nervous, I need to calm down…

As Mikoto waited in the line for another drink, however, she felt a slight pressure from her abdomen, and realized that it had been quite some time since she went to the toilet. She wondered if she could slip off to the restrooms, but she looked to the nearest facilities, which were strategically positioned nearby due to the drink stand, and noticed the rather long line coming from it.

She looked back towards where Touma was waiting. He could see her from there, and she didn’t want to keep him waiting very long either. Besides, she didn’t have to go that badly right now, and she was really excited to go on more rides with him. Even if she did have to go, she couldn’t see herself saying outright to Touma that she had to go to the restroom.

I’m just embarrassed from earlier, I don’t really have to go.

Mikoto said that to herself, but the more she thought about having to go, the more she could feel the telltale signs of her bladder filling up. It really wasn’t anything urgent yet, but she didn’t know how she was going to excuse herself to Touma later. She shook her head, heading up to buy Touma his drink and pushing the urge to the back of her mind.

No, I’ll just have to hold it. I need to stop thinking about it and have fun!

###

Down in the lower levels, Misaka 10039 and Misaka 13570 were not having fun.

In particular, rather than having fun, Misaka 10039 felt like she was on the verge of wetting herself. The two had descended into the lower levels to search for a restroom that was less crowded, but they were at the mercy of it being Infinity Festival’s opening day. The park was packed and every restroom seemed to have a mercilessly long line stretching out from it. Instead of hobbling from restroom to restroom only to continuously be met with long lines, the two clones decided to count their losses and step into line behind one of the shorter ones they managed to find.

Unfortunately, this still left 10039 in an unfortunate position. She could feel her swollen bladder sitting like a rock in her abdomen, the pressure coming in waves as she rather shamelessly danced from foot to foot. 13570 stood behind her, looking far more comfortable, but still shuffled in place slightly as her own bladder continued to fill.

Misaka 10039 squirmed in place restlessly, both hands jammed between her legs shamelessly as the line before her moved forward slowly. Numerous people in line in front of her also seemed to be in similar situations, hopping from foot to foot, no longer caring whether anyone was watching them as they desperately tried to hold on and reach the front of the line. 10039 wondered if the park was just way too crowded today, or if they hadn’t taken enough consideration into constructing enough facilities.

Suddenly, Misaka 10039 was struck with a sudden, powerful wave of desperation, and she doubled over, knees buckling as she fought to hold it in. Her muscles quivered and she felt herself leak, drops of hot pee escaping out and soaking into her panties. Her eyes widened and she jammed her fingers tightly against her crotch, pressing the now-damp fabric tight up against her pee hole as she desperately tried to prevent another leak.

“Misaka… can’t hold it anymore, Misaka admits.”

“You can do it, 10039, Misaka cheers on,” 13570 showed encouragement from behind her, even as she herself shifted uncomfortably from foot to foot.

Yet, despite the encouragement, 10039 knew she didn’t have much time left. She knew she wasn’t going to be able to hold it until she got to the front of the line, especially since she was barely holding on now. Her swollen bladder was far too full and even dancing in place and rubbing her thighs together was no longer offering any relief. She frantically scanned their surroundings, looking for anything she could do or anywhere she could go.

“Misaka needs to find somewhere to pee right now, Misaka announces, embarrassed.”

“Misaka 13570 will stay here and wait in line, but wishes 10039 good luck, Misaka nods.”

With that, 10039 left her place in the line and set off, each step sending jolts through her already taxed bladder. With her hands jammed between her legs, she half-walked, half-hobbled off, desperately looking around for somewhere discrete to relieve herself. Ordinarily, she wouldn’t even consider peeing out in the open, but she was going to wet herself if she didn’t do something anyway, and it would be far less embarrassing than walking around with wet panties, or removing them and risking exposing herself with such a short skirt.

At least, it would be less embarrassing if she could find anywhere to pee.

Misaka 10039 looked around frantically for anything. An alleyway, a place to tuck behind. She wasn’t going to be picky as long as it was out of sight. She noticed there was a pretty dark area between two buildings where she figured she could squeeze behind and finally pee.

Her bladder spasmed again and she doubled over desperately, feeling herself let out another small spurt into her panties. She crossed her legs and squeezed her eyes shut, focusing all her energy on holding it in. She let out a few more drops, but she managed to stem the flow and stay relatively dry, but she was quickly running out of time.

As soon as the wave passed and she recovered, she quickly shuffled her way over to the alley she had found, squeezing her way through the narrow opening. Luckily, it opened up behind the building, a rather remote area where she doubted anyone could see her. Without waiting, she immediately pulled her panties down and squatted, facing the wall as her swollen bladder practically exploded.

The powerful stream gushed out of her as she threw her head back, letting out a relieved sigh as she peed. Despite her strong stream, her bladder was still full and swollen, and her legs shook as a large puddle formed around her. She rubbed her aching abdomen with a hand as she continued peeing, the desperation slowly fading to relief as she finally emptied out her bladder.

As she continued to pee, she heard someone shuffle down the alley and her eyes widened. She was in a rather compromising position and she didn’t think she could stop and pull her panties up even if she wanted to.

A woman with black hair came into view around the corner, coming from the same way Misaka had. She had a hand jammed between her legs and she was quivering and shaking in place. She had likely come back here for the same reason Misaka 10039 had. Her eyes landed on the exposed clone and she immediately looked away, blushing and calling out a quick “Sorry!”. The woman hobbled back out of the alleyway, leaving Misaka 10039 to finish peeing on her own.

Finally, Misaka’s flow stemmed to a trickle, and then stopped, and the clone let out another sigh of relief as she finished. She stood up, letting her already damp panties soak up the residual drops, and stared down at the rather large puddle she had left. She turned away, shuffling out of the alleyway. The woman with black hair seemed to have been waiting for her, dancing in place desperately at the entrance to the alley. She blushed, avoiding eye contact with 10039, as she shuffled into the alleyway eagerly, likely about to leave yet another puddle behind.

With an empty bladder, Misaka 10039 made her way back towards the restrooms where 13570 was still waiting. She hoped that her fellow clone wouldn’t have to resort to the same drastic option that she had, but at the very least, she wanted to let 13570 know about the alleyway, in case she needed it.

###

Back at the train station, Misaka 10032 was also struggling. She had made it halfway through the lines for the restrooms, but she had been holding it for half the train ride, and she could feel her bladder filling up. She shifted her weight from foot to foot as beads of sweat rolled down her forehead, though apart from that, her face gave away nothing of the urgency of the situation.

However, despite her outwardly calm expression, 10032 was starting to worry. The line wasn’t moving that quickly, and even though she had moved up quite a bit, she was trying to gauge whether her bladder would hold up through the rest of the line. Her need to pee was quite urgent, but she was pretty sure she could hold it long enough to search for another restroom.

The problem was, she was unfamiliar with the area. She seldom had a reason to come out to District 6, and the only thing she knew was nearby was the Infinity Festival. That had been her original destination, but trying to go there would only replace the line to the restroom with the entrance line to the park, and even if she made it through that, she had no illusions that the park’s toilets would be any less crowded than the station’s.

Squirming in place, Misaka 10032 cast one more glance up to the line in front of her, watching other women shuffling and dancing in place in various states of desperation, and turned to look towards the exit to the station.

“Misaka has time to find another restroom, and if she waits here, she might not be able to hold it for the front of the line, Misaka decides.”

Squeezing her thighs together one final time, Misaka 10032 stepped out of the line, relinquishing her spot to a taller girl with blonde hair who was dancing frantically with a hand jammed between her skirt. The clone then made her way to the exit and stepped out onto the streets of District 6, scanning around to see if she could spot anywhere that might have restrooms.

The first thing she noticed was her original destination, right across the street from the station, the Infinity Festival. She had been excited to go there, but now, all her mind could focus on was finding a place to go. There wasn’t anything else in the immediate area, so Misaka was forced to keep moving. As she walked down the streets, 10032 rubbed her thighs together with each step, her hand snaking its way down to the front of her skirt. She wasn’t quite holding herself yet, but she didn’t think it would take long for her to give into the temptation.

Suddenly, she was struck with a strong wave of desperation, worse than her other waves. It had come on suddenly, just like when she first felt the urge to pee. She doubled over, crossing her legs and shoving her hand against her crotch. She had needed to pee quite badly when she left the line, but now she felt like she was on the verge of wetting herself.

She desperately fought back, standing in place and squeezing her legs together tightly even as she could feel her muscles quiver and shake. Her bladder had definitely filled up more, once again having been hit with the strange phenomenon that had lead to her desperation in the first place.

Misaka wonders if it has something to do with the Controller…

The thought hadn’t come to her earlier, but if this was something affecting the whole Misaka Network, it might have something to do with Last Order. Of course, she no longer had time to worry about that. Misaka 10032 had to use all of her willpower not to wet herself right on the spot.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity of battling her swollen bladder, 10032 felt the wave subside. She was still significantly more desperate than she had been before she had been hit by the urgent wave, and she could now feel her swollen bladder pressing out against the waistband of her skirt, but she was at least able to start walking again.

“Misaka… urgently needs to find a toilet, before she wets herself, Misaka says shamefully.”

Naturally, her expression remained blank, but her breaths were uneven and her eyes were wide, betraying the underlying urgency of her situation. She quickly headed off, keeping one hand pressed between her legs, not caring about other people seeing, as long as she could keep herself dry and find a restroom.

###
