The Halloween Party

Author: redstallion

*000*2024-10-31 04:25

Inspired by this artwork by @bustin2pee

:

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedauthorid="17919" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed1372170177" style="height:485px;max-width:500px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/gallery/image/106417-halloween-2024jpg/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=27831&embedComment=27831&embedDo=findComment#comment-27831" It was Halloween Night and people were out Trick or Treating and partying, and for a group of 7 women, it would be their wettest Halloween.

First, there was Sasha, who dressed as a nurse, Selina, who dressed as a catlady, Julia, who dressed as a devil, Jen, who dressed as a green witch, Krysten who dressed as a purple witch, Mia, who dressed as a red witch, and Lauren, who dressed as a blue witch.

They were all at their dorm, getting ready for the Halloween party and waiting for their taxi to arrive. They where downing pre-drinks like soda and beer, and they each shared scary stories and showed off their costumes. Jen told her own scary story, "Remember the one time I got scared by piss out by my boyfriend? He was wearing a ugly mask and my pants where literally soaked in my pee." The party would be at one of their friend's places, which was about 30 minutes from their dorm. One of the ladies, Selina, felt a urge to pee and told everyone to use the toilet, but at this moment, their taxi arrived, and Mia said, "Taxi's here! We can go at the party!"

As the taxi ride went on, the ladies urge to pee grew much stronger, and the ride felt like torture to them. "Come on already!" Julia shouted as she told the drive to hurry up. But the driver was taking it easy, not wanting to risk it. After about 15 minutes, the urge became too overwhelming for the ladies and they told the driver to stop which he eventually did, and they ran behind a fence to relieve themselves. The ladies each released a river of their own, splattering on the grass and everyone sighed in relief as Selina said, "We'd all had too many pre-drinks before the Goth Halloween party, so we had to beg the driver to pull over, cos everyone was absolutely bursting for a piss! After a minute or 2, they were finally empty and the taxi ride continued until they got to the party, which was Goth themed.

Over there, the ladies had a fun time, partying, drinking, and having sexual fun with each other. They lost track of time until... the power suddenly went out, and they next thing they saw was bodies lying everywhere.

"What in the hell?" one of the ladies questioned. The time now was 22:00, and the ladies investigated the house for any thing that could be causing the problem. Julia managed to find the breaker box and tried to reactivate it, but she was attacked by an unseen force, which caused her to pee herself in fear. Meanwhile, Sasha was checking upstairs when she heard screaming from downstairs, and she went to investigate. She found Julia's body, and she realized that someone was hunting them down. As she left the basement, she suddenly lost control of her body, and she peed on the floor, Exorcist style, where she then fainted.

The other girls, after discovering Julia and Sasha, were more aware of the threat, and they hid in places like the closet to avoid detection. Krysten, the quiet one was finally caught while hiding in the closet when the unseen force grabbed her from behind and she wet her costume. "We need to stay together if we wish to survive." Lauren told the the 4 remaining ladies as decided to stick together to watch each other's backs. Mia, who was the most scared, wet herself in fear when she was forced into the creepy basement she was afraid of, but the ladies encouraged her to stay strong. However, the unseen force soon got Mia as she was dragged into the basement.

The 3 followed her down there, believing they can reactivate the power to expose the unseen force's weakness, and Lauren was assigned to turn on the power while the ladies distracted the unseen force. They found out that their pee is what attracts the force, and they struggled to hold on to their already bursting bladders to avoid any pee from coming out. As Lauren was struggling to turn on the power, she also had to fight several leaks to avoid attracting the force.

"Come on, you can do this Lauren, don't wee yourself like the others." As she turned on the power, a deafingly loud noise scared Lauren, and she peed herself in fear, and as expected, the force finally came for her as she accepted her fate. The force was revealed to be a person with no face. Selina and Jen were nearby, and they saw the faceless person, and knocked them to the ground using their strength. "Now, lets see who you really are." Both unmasked the faceless person, and it's revealed to be none other than... Jen's boyfriend!

"What are you doing here and why did you set this all up?" Jen questioned her own boyfriend. "I just wanted to play a little game with you guys and I didn't intend to hurt you." Jen's boyfriend said in his best Jigsaw impression. "Wait, if this was all part of the plan, wouldn't everyone be alive?" Selina questioned as the partygoers began to wake up. "Looks like you outsmarted me this time. Anyway, no harm intended, I'm sorry for getting you all into this." Jen's boyfriend apologized. "Anyways, you still get what you fucking deserve!" Both women told him as they gave him a golden shower that he would never forget. "I love you 2 so much." the boyfriend said. "Thanks." the girls said as they continued to give him his golden shower. After the golden shower, the girls all regrouped and they continued partying with Jen's boyfriend for the rest of the night, and spent the night over there, engaging in wet hot sex with the group and Jen's boyfriend.

The next morning, everyone had left except for the group of women and Jen's boyfriend, and someone rang the bell outside. One of the girls opened it, and it turned out to be... Alex, the neighbor of the 7 girls, and she was there because she wanted to help the girls clean up the Halloween party from last night. Alex was present at the Halloween party dressed up as a goth vampire, and she was locked in a coffin, bursting to pee, during the "game", and she barely made it to the toilet when she was freed by another person. The girls were surprised that one of their closest friends was there at the party, and they wanted to tell her everything that happened.

To be continued soon! Happy Halloween everyone!

$

