Natalie

Author: Roger Ireland

*000*2020-06-30 13:49

Inspired by and dedicated to Peefreak

Natalie

She had been here before! Never quite as bad as this but she had definitely been here before. It just went to show that we are never old enough to know better, we think we are but no! The same old shortcomings keep catching us out don’t they? You know the ones, when you know you’re saying the wrong thing but you mouth won’t stop until you have got your foot in it: ‘I’ll only have a couple of drinks and I’ll stop drinking before I get too drunk’. They’re the ones, we all know them and swear we will never do it again but habit catches us out every time and we are back in the same place, again.

Natalie’s problem was her bladder, or to put it more precisely, her ignoring it’s warnings. Natalie had been ignoring her bladder most of her life and it had often got her into difficult situations in the past. It had begun when she was just a little girl. Often when she was playing outside she would put off going in to the toilet until the last minute because she didn’t want to stop what she was doing, then, all of a sudden, she would have to run into the house. There had been occasions when she hadn’t made it and wet herself before she got there but her mother was very understanding and tolerant, after all lots of little three year olds wet themselves.

It had stopped by the time she started school and ever after that she had always made it to the toilet in time. She still often left it to the last moment though when she was doing something that she wanted to finish. In fact, she often used the building tension and desperation as a motivation to finish a particular task or complete an email maybe. The sight of Natalie rushing to the loo where she worked was an occasional source of amusement among the other girls but it earned her respect as a diligent member of staff.

Now, at 24, Natalie had very strong bladder control and could go several hours without peeing, which in a way tended to work against her. You see, because she could wait, she did. This day however, was the worst time she could remember. She had finished work a couple of hours early to spend a little time with her grandma because her grandpa had recently died. She made tea and they had that and some little teacakes that Natalie had bought. They talked about all sorts of things and as they enjoyed their time together two hours slipped easily by.

Her grandma had been having a problem with the plumbing and all afternoon while Natalie was there the plumber had been working in the bathroom so when Natalie was ready to leave she couldn’t use the bathroom because the water was still turned off. Natalie began to have doubts as she said goodbye to her grandma but shrugged them off, she had been this desperate before and managed to hold it. She began walking into town to get the bus home and as she walked her need to pee got stronger, almost it seemed with every step. People were going home from work and late students were gathered in groups that got more frequent the nearer she got to the college in town.

By now Natalie knew she was in trouble. There were no public toilets near here and no stores open now, in fact, they were all closing and hardly likely to let her in just to use the loo. She phoned her best friend Joanna and said, ‘Jo, I’m in town and everywhere’s shut, I’m absolutely dying to pee.’ Her friend said, ‘You’ll be alright, you do this every time, you really should be more careful not to get into these situations.’

‘I didn’t know my grandma was having the plumber in this afternoon did I?’ Said Natalie, ‘I’m really desperate Jo, I can hardly walk,’ Natalie could feel a great heaviness low down in her belly, her muscles were straining to cope and she walked slower and slower. She begged Jo to stay on the phone, ‘to help her hold on’, she said. It had never been this bad, the strain of holding on was making her legs shaky and her thighs were sweating between her legs with the effort of holding her pelvic floor so tightly clamped. She stopped for a moment to get better control but it didn’t really help.

‘I really can’t hold on’, she told Jo, ‘what can I do? The road is crowded with people. I’ve got my hand between my legs holding my pussy but I can’t walk like this, everyone will see.’ Jo was very sympathetic and said to her, ‘you have to hold on Nat. Can you find a quiet corner to squat and pee quickly?’ That was the trigger point, Jo mentioning squatting to pee and momentarily Natalie felt a little spurt hit her knickers and start to trickle down her legs. ‘I’m wetting myself Jo’, she said, I’ll have to squat and do it or I will completely soak myself.’

‘Do it! Jo said, just squat down as discreetly as you can and let it go. Are you wearing a skirt?’

‘Yes,’ said Natalie, ‘I came straight from work.’

‘Make it look like you are looking through your handbag,’ said Jo, ‘and maybe no one will notice.’ Natalie crouched down trying to pull her skirt up a little as she did so. She was already peeing before she got down and she said to Jo, ‘I’m doing it, I’m actually peeing in the middle of the High Street with people walking by, I can’t believe I’m doing this. God Jo! It feels so hot coming out, the relief is awesome, I can feel it coming out so strongly, Oh God! That’s wonderful Jo, I can feel my stomach deflating but I’m still peeing in torrents, the relief is magic, I was so tired holding it in. It’s going across the pavement towards the road and anyone who walks by can see but I don’t care it just feels so wonderful.’

She moaned in sheer pleasure and a couple of people passing by heard her but Natalie didn’t even notice, she was so lost in the moment everything around her almost faded away as she concentrated on the feeling of sheer relief. It was as if the rest of the world was on stop for her, the moment frozen while she dealt with her need to pee. Her pee was forming a puddle in a low spot on the pavement as she continued peeing. She had never peed so much before and the hot feeling as it passed her pussy lips and gushed onto the floor was almost orgasmic, She worried for a moment that she would actually climax right there in the street with a dozen people within earshot but the moment passed and she just kept peeing and enlarging the pee puddle she had made. ‘You still there Jo?’ she asked into her phone. ‘Yes,’ said Jo, ‘what happened? You went away then for a minute.’

‘I almost came with the fantastic feeling of relief, I can’t believe I nearly climaxed in the street!’

‘Have you finished?’ Asked Jo, ‘you empty? ‘’Very nearly’, said Natalie, ‘It’s slowing down now but you should see the puddle, people are stepping around and over it, I’m so embarrassed they can all see I peed in the street.’

‘My knickers are soaked, and the hem of my skirt is wet and sticking to my legs,’ she told Jo as she stood up, her legs still shaking and her face red as her senses began to take in the world around her again. ‘Come to my place Nat,’ said Jo, ‘it’s nearer than going home. We can get a take-away and wash and dry your things.’

‘Thanks Jo,’ Natalie said, ‘It’s getting cold and clammy now that I’ve finished but do you know what?’

‘What’, said Jo. ‘Now that it’s over and I’m walking away, the feeling of having done that is making me wet again you know where. I’m going to have to do this again!’

Roger Ireland

Stay wet'n'happy

*002*2020-06-30 22:35

Thank you Peefreak, it was of course based on your idea but thanks for your appreciation.

Roger.

