Conflicts and Resolutions -- A DDLC Story

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2023-05-07 05:02

Here's another one! This one's another commission, and is a continuation of my DDLC stories (this one's a direct continuation of this story here:)

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed139871337" style="height:323px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/83500-competition-and-awakening-a-ddlc-story/?do=embed&comment=2028550&embedComment=2028550&embedDo=findComment#comment-2028550"

Both that story and this one contain messing content, but this one also contains a decent amount of wetting as well. For people who are interested in that, I hope you enjoy! This one's a long one, and is something of a conclusion to my DDLC stories, so strap in for the ride!

Conflicts and Resolutions

Monika let out a soft moan as she felt Yuri lift her head and plant a soft kiss on her collarbone. The two were laced together on the floor of the living room, shirts unbuttoned, skirts and bras discarded. Monika had the house to herself for the night, and they had taken full advantage of it.

A sudden wave of pressure from Monika’s abdomen made her moan as she squeezed her thighs together. She shuffled and blushed, red-faced, as she felt the pent-up flood slosh around inside of her. She was desperate already, the work of two discarded bottles sitting on the table. However, she was far from the only one. She snaked her hand down Yuri’s own abdomen and felt the bulge of her bladder underneath the waistband of her panties. She pressed down gently, and Yuri let out her own moan.

“D-don’t, I’ll seriously leak,” Yuri begged.

“That’s the idea, isn’t it?” Monika teased. It was true. Underneath them they had laid out towels to soak up the inevitable flood when the two eventually wet themselves.

Yuri furrowed her brow slightly before reaching down to Monika’s own bladder and pressed on it too. Monika gasped, clamping her thighs closed and trying not to leak into her panties. Before the wave could pass, however, Yuri reached up and caressed Monika’s breast with her lips. The hot breath on her nipple sent shivers down Monika’s spine, and she felt a few drops escape into her panties.

“H-hey, no fair.”

“Like you said, that’s the idea.”

Monika gave Yuri’s swollen bladder one last retaliatory squeeze before snaking her hand down even lower, outside her panties. Her fingers quickly found their target and she began teasing Yuri. The sensual black fabric of Yuri’s underwear was soaked at the crotch, and Monika didn’t have to ask to know that it was from more than just pee.

Yuri let out a breathy gasp as she squirmed underneath Monika’s touch. Her face was flush and Monika felt a few hot drips escape into her hand as Yuri briefly lost control. Monika wondered if she was about to wet herself, but despite all her restless squirming, Yuri managed to hold the rest in.

Monika was now on the offensive, and for good reason too. She could feel her own bladder screaming for relief, and she didn’t think she could hold it much longer. She continued teasing Yuri outside her panties, smiling at the moans she was letting out with each rub.

Monika reached up to slip her fingers underneath Yuri’s panties, but something changed. Yuri stiffened up, and Monika was afraid she had crossed a line and Yuri uncomfortable. She immediately stopped and looked up at Yuri, who was wearing a troubled expression.

“A-are you okay, Yuri?” Monika asked.

“Y-yes, I’m fine,” Yuri tried, but Monika wasn’t buying it.

“I can tell something’s wrong. I didn’t go too far, did I?” Monika asked.

“No, no, of course not, I just-”

Suddenly a small, short fart escaped Yuri and she blushed redder than a tomato. She covered her face with one hand and looked away from Monika’s concerned gaze.

“I… I really have to poop. I only felt the urge halfway through holding it, and it wasn’t that bad so I figured I could put it off until we wet ourselves, but…” Yuri trailed off, embarrassed.

Monika’s heart pounded, and she felt herself getting more aroused. The two had held it like this often since they got together, but while Yuri had grown well-accustomed to holding her bladder for Monika, the two hadn’t crossed the subject of poop yet. It was something Monika had more than a passing interest in ever since the sleepover, and since then she had experimented around a bit on her own with it, but never with Yuri.

“So,” Monika thought of a way to gently pry into the subject, “Did you want to go, or?”

“O-or?” Yuri blushed.

“Well, we could continue,” Monika turned away as she spoke. She felt her face burn, and she couldn’t meet Yuri’s gaze.

“I,” Yuri hesitated, “No, I mean, I really can’t hold it. If we keep going I’m gonna do more than wet myself.”

“Well, that’s what I-” Monika trailed off. Yuri was clearly uncomfortable, and she already felt bad for asking that much of her, “N-nevermind, yeah, you should go.”

“S-sorry,” Yuri apologized, blushing. She grabbed her stomach as she rushed off, leaving Monika all alone in the living room.

Monika let out a sigh and placed a hand over her face. Images of her recent messing at the club with Natsuki flooded back, and she couldn’t help but imagine doing the same with Yuri. Holding both in until they couldn’t anymore. She had gotten used to holding her bladder, but there was something about holding both in that made it more challenging, the desperation of one heightening the other.

Monika felt her bladder spasm and realized that, with Yuri using the bathroom, she didn’t have anywhere to go. Not that she wanted to. She pressed on it and moaned as another small leak escaped into her panties. She held her crotch with her hand as her thighs clamped around it, trying to contain the flood. She felt her fingers get to work, teasing herself outside of her soaked panties. She knew she should probably try to hold it until Yuri got back, but she couldn’t help herself. She was desperate and horny, and feeling particularly frustrated at the thought of Yuri turning down her suggestion. She knew it wasn’t fair to be mad, they hadn’t discussed it and Monika didn’t want to make Yuri uncomfortable, but part of her was still disappointed.

Monika felt her bladder spasm again as she worked her fingers around her clit, and a hot spurt escaped. She was bursting, and if she didn’t stop now there was no going back. At the same time, she couldn’t stop rubbing herself as she imagined Yuri was still there, trying to hold back as her full bladder and bowels begged for relief. However, as the image came up in her mind, she couldn’t help but once again think back to her experience in the clubroom with Natsuki. She felt a pang of guilt, even as her face burned at the memory.

Monika felt herself reaching close to climax, and forced herself to slow down to prevent herself from leaking. The motion brought her back down from the edge, and she grit her teeth in frustration. She wanted to cum, but she knew doing so would push her bladder over the edge. Still, Yuri was still not back, and she was bursting. She just wanted to wet herself now.

Monika felt another long, hot spurt escape, and she didn’t think she could hold back anymore. Making her decision, she slipped her hand beneath her panties and slipped her fingers inside herself as she rubbed her sensitive bud. The action brought her right up to the edge again and she let out another long leak, and then another. She was basically wetting herself at this point already, but she didn’t stop. Instead, she brought herself right to climax just as she fully lost control, and an arch of pee sprayed out of her, splashing against her fingers and her panties.

She threw her head back in ecstasy as she convulsed, her fingers slowing as she brought herself down from the climax. All the while she continued to pee at full-force, soaking the towels underneath her and causing quite the puddle to form. Her swollen bladder sang with relief as she lost herself in the pleasure and relief. She lost track of how long she had been sitting there, full wetting herself, until she finally felt the pressure in her abdomen fade away and her stream slow to a trickle.

She was left panting on the floor as she gathered herself back up, and she had only barely managed to sit up and inspect her impressive puddle before Yuri came back into the room. It didn’t take her long to figure out what had just happened, and Monika blushed.

“S-sorry, I really couldn’t hold it,” Monika admitted.

“N-no, it’s my fault, I shouldn’t have kept trying to hold it when I realized I had to poop. If I had just gone before, we would’ve still had time for me to fill up again before it gets too late,” Yuri admitted. She looked away bashfully and rubbed her arms.

“No, really, it’s okay,” Monika replied. She stood up and walked over to Yuri, wrapping her arms around her from behind. She planted a tender kiss on Yuri’s neck and felt Yuri lean into her. Her shoulders were stiff and Monika could tell she was tense. She waited a moment to see if Yuri would say anything else, before trying to clear the awkward air.

“Now, let me clean up a little,” Monika motioned to her wet panties and the soaked towels on the floor, “I’ll be taking a bath, care to join me?”

Yuri blushed and nodded, and after Monika had wiped up the floor and placed the pee-soaked towels, as well as her panties, into the wash, she found herself leaning into Yuri as the two soaked in the hot bath together. She hoped that the soak would do them both good, but even without either of them saying it, Monika could tell they were still both thinking about what happened earlier.

Frustrated and not knowing what to say, Monika just allowed herself to melt into Yuri’s embrace, hoping that after the bath and a good night’s sleep, the awkward air would blow over.

###

Sayori let out a long sigh as she stared up at her phone idly. She was sprawled out on her bed, holding her phone up with one hand as she lazily swiped at the screen with her other. She was only wearing a thin tank top and panties, but she didn’t really mind since she was home alone for the evening. Left bored with nothing to do, Sayori considered turning in early, but with the sun still setting it was far too early to sleep.

Sayori let out a yawn, less from tiredness and more from boredom, and continued to play with her phone. She checked her messages and in a brief flash, she saw the photos that Natsuki had sent her back when they had their messing contest. Despite only glancing at the photos for a few moments at first, Sayori felt heat rush to her cheeks, and she opened them up to look at them better. She felt her hand automatically slip between her legs as she felt herself growing aroused. She began playing with herself through her panties as she stared at the images of Natsuki right after she shit herself. She imagined Natsuki holding it until she couldn’t anymore and letting it all out, which only served to turn her on more.

As she played with herself, she felt a sudden twinge in her bladder, and realized that it had been quite some time since she last visited the toilet. She squeezed her thighs together as she continued rubbing herself, enjoying the conflicting sensations of fullness and pleasure. She glanced back to the photos of Natsuki and her eyes lit up. It had been a few days since they last hung out, and with her bladder already full, Sayori figured it was the perfect time to have some more fun with their shared interest.

“Hey, Natsuki! Did you want to come over for the evening to hang out?” Sayori texted, sending the message and waiting with baited breath for a response.

Only a few moments later, she got a response, “Sure! I’m free!”

“Great,” Sayori sent back, “You can come over anytime.”

“Cool! I’ll head over now!”

Sayori was glad that Natsuki had agreed to hang out, and also that she was already on her way. She wasn’t bursting yet, but her bladder was full, and if Natsuki took too long to get over, by the time they planned anything out Sayori might be quite desperate by then.

Sayori stood up and got dressed into something more presentable. Bending over and changing sent jostles and waves of pressure through her bladder, and she found herself dancing around her room as she got herself dressed. She then sat back down and squirmed with one hand between her legs as she waited for Natsuki to arrive.

Perhaps it was because she was waiting, but Sayori was acutely aware of how full her bladder is, and she found herself stuck shuffling on her bed. She tried to pull up the images of Natsuki again to take her mind off of things, but the arousal only made her urge worse, and she crossed her legs, checking the time every few seconds as if that would make Natsuki get there sooner.

Suddenly, the doorbell rang, and Sayori shot up, nearly leaking as she rushed to the door. She smiled as she opened the door and greeted her friend.

“Hey, Natsuki!”

“Hey, Sayori! Thanks for inviting me, I was going to head to the bookstore earlier, but I found out it was closed today for some reason, so I’ve been stuck at home all day,” Natsuki smiled and Sayori looked her over. She was wearing a cute frilled skirt and a blue blouse with puffy sleeves. It was a cute aesthetic that fit Natsuki rather well, and got Sayori excited to see Natsuki potentially squirming around in it.

“No problem!” Sayori beamed, “I didn’t have anything to do either, so I figured we could hang!”

“So, what did you want to do?” Natsuki asked.

Sayori scratched her head nervously. She wasn’t entirely sure how to breach the subject. It hadn’t been that long ago that Natsuki had caught her red-handed. She had been using the photos Natsuki had sent her of her messing to pleasure herself when Natsuki walked in on her. It was the first time Natsuki realized there was a sexual nature to the interest, and Sayori was in the unenviable position of having to explain that her interest in wetting and messing was, indeed, a fetish.

Sayori had encouraged her to look into it on her own, and come talk to her about things later, but so far they hadn’t had a follow-up of that conversation.

Sayori considered bringing it up now, but she felt a twinge from her bladder, and knew she had to get a move on if they were going to do anything.

“How about a walk? If you had a destination in mind, we can go there too, but I just figured we could walk around and chat for a bit!” she suggested. She wanted to get them both away from any proper toilets, and they could discuss things while they walked.

Natsuki paused, as though she were considering something, and then nodded, “That works for me! Let’s go!”

It wasn’t long before the two were headed out the door, Sayori doing her best to ignore her full bladder as she left the comfort of her home, and the safety of being close to a toilet. As the two walked, they talked about stuff like club and school as Sayori wondered when she should bring up the topic of wetting and messing. She didn’t want to be awkward, and part of her hoped Natsuki would bring up the topic herself, but another part of her was eager to admit that she had to pee, and wanted to know how Natsuki felt about it too.

As she walked, Sayori found herself shuffling along desperately, squeezing her thighs together as she fought against her swelling bladder. She rubbed her abdomen and felt it bulging out slightly. Part of her openly holding it was to see if Natsuki would pick up on her desperation, but another part of it was that she genuinely had to pee. She wasn’t bursting just yet, but she was definitely at the point where she couldn’t ignore the urge.

She also paid close attention to Natsuki, and noticed that she seemed to be shuffling a bit awkwardly as well. Sayori at first thought it was her projecting her own needs and desires onto Natsuki, but as she watched, she was more and more convinced that Natsuki was also holding it in. The idea excited her, especially if Natsuki had purposely skipped peeing right before heading over. It only reinforced her urge to bring up the topic.

With her heart racing, Sayori lowered her voice and asked, “Oh, by the way, did you look into… that yet?”

“That?” Natsuki asked, puzzled for a brief moment before she realized what Sayori was alluding to, and her face lit up bright red, “O-oh, you mean the fetish thing. Y-yeah, I looked into it.”

“What did you think? If you don’t mind me asking,” Sayori asked.

Natsuki hesitated for a bit before answering, “It was really interesting. Like I said, I never thought of it like a fetish, I just was interested in it, I guess. But after realizing how sexual it could be, I guess I can see it.”

“You understand it, but you don’t think it’s a sexual thing for you?” Sayori asked, trying not to let her disappointment come across in her voice. She wanted to approach this delicately, after all.

“I’m not sure,” Natsuki admitted, “I’ve been experimenting around with it, and I think it might be, but I don’t know how to feel about it yet. I wanted to wait until I was more sure about it before talking to you, so sorry if you were waiting for me to say something.”

“Oh no, I get that, no worries!” Sayori smiled, though internally she was starting to regret her decision. She definitely should’ve talked to Natsuki beforehand, and now she was desperate and away from a toilet. She thought it would be simple if she could wet herself with Natsuki while out on the walk, but doing something like that now seemed insensitive.

That being said, she also really had to pee at this point, and Sayori wasn’t sure she’d be able to make it back home in time.

“A-actually, speaking of,” Natsuki interjected, “Can we head back to your place? I was… well, before you called me over, I was holding it, and I forgot to go before coming over, so I really have to pee.”

Sayori was surprised, but she jumped on the opportunity, “Actually, I really have to pee now too. I had to go before I called you over, and I guess I was kind of hoping we could get up to something. That’s why I suggested the walk, to get us away from a toilet.”

“What?” Natsuki’s mood immediately shifted, and she crossed her arms, “You had this planned the whole time?”

“Well, just for me, I had no idea you were holding it too,” Sayori replied.

“We didn’t even talk about it first!” Natsuki pointed out, “Shouldn’t you have brought this up before inviting me over, or at least at the house?”

“Sorry, I just thought-” Sayori trailed off, “I didn’t want to make you uncomfortable.”

“You didn’t want to make me uncomfortable, but you didn’t even ask me what I thought of this wetting stuff before deciding that we were going to go on a desperate walk together!” Natsuki pointed out, “I’m still trying to figure all this out, like I said, I didn’t want to talk about it until I had a more solid answer for you!”

“S-sorry,” Sayori asked, “But you’re holding it in too, right? So clearly you’re still interested in it. And you could’ve gone to the bathroom before we left!”

“That’s,” Natsuki trailed off. Suddenly, she doubled over and jammed her hands between her legs. Sayori, likewise, felt a surge of pressure from her bladder, and crossed her legs and danced in place, “Listen, neither of us are gonna make it if we keep fighting.”

Sayori nodded in agreement and looked around, “We’re near the park, it’s not that far, so we should make it.”

The walk to the park was awkward and desperate, with both girls having to stop and squeeze and shuffle to contain their full bladders. Sayori wanted nothing more than to suggest wetting right then and there, but she didn’t want to make Natsuki any more upset than she already was.

By the time the entrance to the park was in-sight, Natsuki was more hobbling than walking at that point, and Sayori herself was forced to openly jam her hands between her legs, not really caring who saw as long as she could keep the pent-up flood inside of her. She was bursting at this point, and it made the long trek to the toilets at the back of the park all the more daunting.

Sayori watched Natsuki hobbling in front of her, hands disappearing up her frilled skirt as she desperately rushed along the path towards the back of the park. The toilets popped up in sight, but just the mere thought of relief made Sayori’s bladder spasm. She stopped in her tracks and felt a small leak escape as she jammed her hands against her crotch. Dancing and squeezing her thighs together, she caught up to Natsuki, who had made it to the door.

The two entered the bathroom and Natsuki dashed for the nearest open stall, only to freeze in place and let out a gasp. Sayori heard the patter on the floor of the bathroom before she spotted the stream. Natsuki doubled over and clamped her thighs together, trying to stem the flow, but it seemed she had pushed herself past her limits.

Pee streamed down Natsuki’s legs in rivulets, and she seemed to give up trying to stop it. Instead she spread her legs apart and let the flow stream down through her panties and between her legs. Unfortunately, it was too little too late, and Sayori could see some obvious wet patches on the skirt. Natsuki’s socks and shoes were also soaked in pee, and small streams still trickled down her thighs as she wet herself.

Natsuki looked down with a frustrated expression on her face as she let herself pee, and it took forever for the flow to slow to a trickle before tapering off. By the time she was done, she frowned and stomped her foot in the puddle, clearly upset.

“I can’t believe I wet myself,” Natsuki pouted, “I don’t even have a change of clothes to walk home in.”

“I’m sorry, this is my fault,” Sayori replied, “Here.”

Natsuki looked over just as Sayori herself began openly wetting herself, relaxing her muscles and letting the pee flow out of her. It soaked into her panties and shorts, streaming down her legs and soaking them before pooling on the floor. Sayori hadn’t just wet herself for Natsuki’s sake, she had really been at her limit, and watching Natsuki’s accident had pushed her over the edge. There was a chance she could’ve made it if she dove into the stall at the last second, but Sayori felt that, on top of everything, her making it when Natsuki didn’t would make things worse.

So, she peed openly, trying not to let the relief and pleasure show on her face too much even as her legs shook from the blissful relief. She steadied herself against the wall with a hand as her pee continued streaming out of her like a waterfall, splashing onto the floor and making quite a mess. While Natsuki’s skirt was wet in places, Sayori’s shorts were utterly soaked, and there was no sign of the flow stopping. She had been holding it in for a while.

Finally, she finished, with the flow tapering off after what felt like minutes standing there. However, as the feeling of relief faded, it was replaced by an awkward air.

“S-sorry about all of this,” Sayori replied, awkwardly looking down to avoid Natsuki’s irritated gaze, “I definitely should’ve talked to you about things ahead of time, and I shouldn’t have tricked you into going on a walk.”

“N-no, It’s my fault too,” Natsuki admitted bashfully, “I didn’t tell you I was holding it, and I could’ve gone before we left. I just… I’m still figuring all this stuff out.”

“Yeah, I definitely get it,” Sayori nodded, “anyway, I’ll give you space to figure things out before we talk about this again.”

“Thanks,” Natsuki nodded, “Now, I guess we gotta walk home like this, huh?”

“Yeah,” Sayori nodded, “Though, we can take some side-paths. Hopefully not many people will be walking down those. Also you’re free to change at my house, if you want.”

Natsuki nodded, “Yeah, this would be awkward to explain if my dad caught me like this.”

The two began heading back, and Sayori felt a little better now that they had cleared things up, but there was still an awkwardness between them. Their conversation shifted back to stuff about the club, but it felt unnaturally sterile, like they were both trying to avoid making each other feel uncomfortable. By the time Natsuki left for the night, it still didn’t really feel like anything was resolved.

Sayori felt really bad for putting Natsuki in the situation she did, and retroactively wished she had taken the time to talk to Natsuki before leaving the house. If she had, this whole incident could’ve been avoided. Worse still, even if Natsuki had been on the fence earlier, it’s possible her own actions had pushed Natsuki away from enjoying wetting in the future, which was the opposite of what Sayori wanted.

Actually, what do I want? Even if Natsuki did have the same fetish as me, what do I want that to mean for us?

Unable to come up with a satisfying answer to that, Sayori let out a sigh and got ready for bed, hoping that by tomorrow, everything would blow over.

***

The next day was a club day, so Sayori found herself heading to the Literature club. She was still apprehensive of what happened with Natsuki the previous day, but she was feeling better and hoping the two of them could leave the awkward air behind them.

She entered the classroom and the smell of freshly brewed tea hit her nose. Monika greeted her as usual with a cheery, “Hey, Sayori!”

“Hey guys, what’s up?” Sayori asked, stepping into the room.

Yuri motioned to her tea set over in the corner, “I made some tea, if you want some.”

“Sure thing, thank you!” she took an eager sip and turned to Monika, “what’s on the agenda today?”

“Oh, not much,” Monika smiled, though there was something a bit off about her tone, “Once Natsuki gets here, I’ll talk a bit about the upcoming festival so we can get some ideas and stuff, but other than that, we’re just doing what we always do.”

“Sounds good,” Sayori nodded. She made her over to her usual spot and sat down, pulling out a notebook and staring at it idly. She sipped at her tea and looked around, unsure of what to do. Unlike Natsuki, who had her manga, or Yuri who always had a book in her hand, Sayori didn’t really have a go-to activity. Sometimes she’d write something, sometimes she’d read a book if she had one, and other times she’d just do what she could to help Monika.

Today, however, she found her mind wandering, and she didn’t really have much inspiration for writing. Instead, she found herself looking over at Monika and Yuri. Monika was sitting on the desk, writing something in her own notebook, and occasionally sipping the tea Yuri made for them. Yuri, as usual, had her nose buried in her book, only taking her eyes off of it to reach for her own cup. She had no way of knowing it, but the two still felt exceptionally awkward after their own incident over the weekend. Monika didn’t really know what to say to Yuri to clear the air, and it was clear Yuri still felt awkward about the situation.

Even worse, when words failed, Monika and Yuri would often resort to action. A comforting touch here, a warm hug there, and touches to convey their thoughts and desires. Yuri often found this easier than articulating her feelings vocally, and Monika was more than happy to respond in kind. However, they didn’t want to go around acting all intimate together at school, and they wouldn’t be able to clear anything up in front of Sayori anyway, so the two sat there in a stiff silence, punctuated only by the occasional sound of them sipping their tea.

Sayori picked up on the uncomfortable atmosphere between them, but she didn’t know what to say. In the first place, she didn’t really know what was going on between them. Natsuki had hinted that she thought there was something going on there, but Sayori hadn’t seen it herself, and Monika and Yuri hadn’t told anyone about their relationship yet, so she had no way of knowing. So, she simply sat there too, tapping on her notebook with her pencil and leaving scattered dots.

Finally, Natsuki entered, her cheery “Hey” breaking the uncomfortable silence.

“Hey Natsuki! Welcome,” Monika greeted her, smiling.

“Hey!” Sayori smiled, and Natsuki looked over, smiling at her with a slight blush. Clearly her mind was still on what happened yesterday, and while she wouldn’t let it show, Sayori could tell she still felt a little awkward too.

“I made tea, if you want,” Yuri offered. Soon, Natsuki had her own cup of Yuri’s tea, and the four of them sat until Monika stood up and walked to the front and center of the room.

“Alright, everyone!” Monika called out, sounding grateful that she could now get the meeting started properly, “Let’s talk about what we’re going to do for the festival coming up! We have plenty of time, but now that the funds for the club have been approved and we know how much we have to work with, we can come up with a plan early so we’re not rushing to get things done last-minute!”

“We were already throwing around ideas for a poetry-reading event,” Natsuki recalled, “I like that idea, it would be simple to set up, and we’d just have to make sure to decorate.”

“Yeah,” Sayori smiled, “You can make your cupcakes, and Yuri can make the tea!”

“I’m fine with that,” Yuri agreed quietly, “Though, sharing a poem to all those people would be…”

“It’ll be fine! And you don’t have to share if you don’t want to, Yuri,” Monika smiled, “Or I can read the poem for you.”

“N-no, it’s fine, I’ll do it. I’m nervous, but excited,” Yuri admitted.

Sayori was surprised, and looked over at the two. She was definitely catching on that there was something going on between them.

The conversation continued as the girls worked out a bit more of the fine details, but they were pretty much all in agreement. As such, it didn’t take long for discussion of the festival event to be over, meaning they were back to free time. Natsuki headed to the back and grabbed a manga from her collection and sat down on the floor, polishing off the last of her tea and setting the cup down by the tea set. Yuri once again returned to her book, which she had made impressive progress in given its size.

Sayori was hoping to help Monika with whatever presidential duties she might have had, but it seemed like today she didn’t have much to do, and was daydreaming while staring out the classroom window. That left Sayori sitting there, still awkwardly fiddling with her own empty cup as she stared at her blank notebook. She eventually grew bored, and although she knew she shouldn’t, she pulled out her phone and looked back on the images Natsuki had sent her. She lingered on the last one with Monika, but closed it before she grew too aroused.The last thing she needed was to make herself horny without being able to do anything about it in the middle of club.

Suddenly, however, Sayori noticed a twinge in her bladder. She rubbed her abdomen and was surprised to feel a bit of a bulge there. She had gone to the restroom before her last class, and wasn’t expecting to fill up so fast. Not only that, but the urge had come on rather abruptly. She found herself shuffling her legs and glancing towards the door.

As she did so, however, she noticed that she wasn’t the only one shuffling uncomfortably. Yuri had her legs crossed under the desk, and was shaking her leg restlessly, which was rather uncommon to see. Not only that, but her hand was fiddling with the edge of her skirt.

Natsuki, as well, was shuffling around, her thighs squeezed together as she sat on the floor and read her manga. She was more confident now after having picked up on the telltale signs of Natsuki’s desperation yesterday that Natsuki was definitely feeling a similar effect.

The last one to confirm was Monika, and while Sayori couldn’t see below her waist behind the desk, she was fiddling with her hair nervously and she looked pretty restless.

Suddenly, Yuri stood up, and Sayori at first thought she was going to the restroom, but instead she headed over to her tea set. She picked up the container of leaves, and her eyes widened. She looked around and Sayori quickly turned her head away so Yuri didn’t catch her watching.

Yuri cupped the container of tea in her hand and tried to return to her desk, but Natsuki stood up and quickly grabbed her wrist.

“What’s with that tea? I’ve gotta pee like crazy!” Natsuki pointed out, as if Sayori needed more of a confirmation that she wasn’t the only one with a full bladder.

“A-ah,” Yuri gasped, panicking as Natsuki pulled the tea from her hand and read the label.

“This is a diuretic tea!”

“I-it was an accident,” Yuri blushed, looking down, “I meant to grab the other one in my bag.”

“Likely story,” Natsuki crossed her arms.

“It’s true!” Yuri shot back. She grabbed her bag and held up another container of tea, with a very similar shape and color. The only difference was a small band around the lid that differentiated one from the other.

“Okay, so you do have two teas. Still, how do we know you didn’t do this on purpose?” Natsuki asked.

Yuri grabbed her arm awkwardly and tried to make herself as small as possible, something that was very difficult, especially considering Natsuki’s small stature. She was also shuffling around, with her hand still tugging at the hem of her skirt. Sayori felt bad that Natsuki was going hard on the accusations, but Yuri had been acting a bit suspicious. Actually, to her, the fact that she was carrying around a tea like that at all was suspicious.

“H-hey, I’m sure it was an accident,” Monika chimed in, stepping over from the front desk to mediate. She had her thighs pressed together as she walked over, and even when she reached them, she couldn’t stand still, “Yuri wouldn’t have given that tea to you guys on purpose.”

Natsuki crossed her arms suspiciously, still shuffling in place from her full bladder, “You make it sound like you knew about that tea. And what do you mean “you guys”? You drank the tea too. Unless you mean Yuri would give you the tea?”

“Uh, I mean, that’s-” Monika sputtered and trailed off, not sure how to respond to that. Yuri flashed her a stern look and Monika mouthed her a quick “sorry”.

“Anyway, why do you even have a diuretic tea on you?” Sayori asked, trying to keep her tone less accusatory and more curious than Natsuki was being. She crossed her legs, really feeling the effects of the tea. It was catching up on her fast.

“Oh, well…” Yuri blushed bright red, “I…”

“It was the slumber party, right?” Natsuki asked openly, “You took an interest in holding it after the slumber party.”

Sayori didn’t think it was possible, but Yuri’s face turned 3 darker shades of red, and it looked like she wanted nothing more than to crawl in a hole somewhere and disappear. She shifted her weight from foot to foot as she rubbed her thigh, and looked down.

“Oh, is that why you knew about the tea, Monika?” Sayori asked, “You have a similar interest, and you two have been exploring it together?”

“W-well, it’s something like that,” Monika replied, “Though it was the sleepover that really got me interested in it too.”

“Wow, I can’t believe we really all have the same fetish,” Sayori smiled, “That’s so cool!”

“Don’t say it like that!” Yuri yelled, surprising Sayori. It was rare to hear the quiet girl raise her voice. But it was clear from her blush that she was more embarrassed than angry.

“Hey, don’t be so embarrassed, it was the same for me,” Natsuki replied, “Well, I already had an interest in it before the slumber party, but after that was when I started experimenting around with… other things.”

Monika picked up on the last part, and she was almost certain Natsuki was talking about her interest in messing, which she had experienced firsthand that one time in the club room, “You mean messing, right?”

“Hey!” Natsuki crossed her arms, “It’s not like I’m the only one. I mean, you are too, right? And so is Sayori!”

“H-hey!” Sayori blushed, “B-but yeah, I am. I’ve had the fetish for a while now. But for you guys, that sleepover really had a big effect on all of you, huh? I think it’s cool we’re all into the same thing! It’s so embarrassing to think about these things by yourself, but if you have someone to share them with, it feels a bit more normal!”

Sayori wanted to smile for some reason. She had been the one to push for the holding contest they all had along with Natsuki, and she managed to spread the interest to both Monika and Yuri.

“I guess it’s cool to have other people to share it with,” Natsuki nodded in agreement.

“Maybe for you!” Yuri blurted out. Clearly, she didn’t feel the same way.

After this, everyone fell silent, and the four were left squirming in place, waiting for the conversation to pick up again. Finally it did when Yuri spoke up again, voice barely a whisper.

“A-anyway, I didn’t mean to give you guys the wrong tea. I’m sorry,” she apologized, clearly uncomfortable with the way the conversation had shifted, “Actually, I think I’m going to go home early.”

Monika looked over, surprised, but Yuri had already grabbed her bag and rushed out the door. Uncharacteristically, she had left her tea set on the table instead of putting it away. Monika flashed an apologetic look to Sayori and Natsuki.

“Hey, sorry, let’s call club here. I gotta get this cleaned up and put away, and I should go make sure Yuri’s okay.”

“S-sorry if I was a bit harsh with her,” Natsuki apologized.

“Also sorry if I pressed the fetish thing too hard,” Sayori added, “I was really excited to have other people to share things with. I didn’t mean for the conversation to make her uncomfortable.”

“I’m sure she’ll be fine, she’s probably just embarrassed and overwhelmed,” Monika reassured them, “I’ll talk to her.”

The two nodded and left the club, and suddenly all the excitement from the conversation was replaced with the sheer desperation. Whatever that tea was, it acted fast, and Natsuki and Sayori were both dancing in the middle of the hall.

“Let’s go before we wet ourselves,” Natsuki urged.

“Yes, let’s!”

Sayori and Natsuki half-ran, half hobbled down the halls, grateful that the school was relatively empty at this point. Sayori held herself openly, squeezing her thighs together with each step. Natsuki was rubbing her swollen bladder as she rushed towards the restrooms, having to stop frequently to keep herself dry.

The situation felt all too familiar, and images of yesterday’s awkward encounter flashed in Sayori’s mind. Still, this was totally different. She didn’t set this one up this time, and it didn’t seem like Natsuki was uncomfortable with at least talking about it.

The two finally made it to the restrooms, only to find that all but one of the stalls was out of order. It was rare for that many toilets to be out of commission at once, but it now put them in a difficult situation. The two were both desperate, and with the amplified effects of the diuretic, Sayori wasn’t sure if either of them could hold it if they took turns.

“H-hey,” Natsuki began, still dancing desperately in place, “I can’t hold it anymore, and it looks like neither can you. L-let’s share the stall.”

Sayori’s heart skipped a beat, and she looked over at Natsuki. The idea certainly excited her, but after what happened last night, and given the conversation earlier, it was entirely possible that Natsuki was just pressured into the idea.

“You can go first, if you want, I can wait,” Sayori replied, even though she wasn’t confident of that last part.

“I’m seriously fine with it,” Natsuki reaffirmed.

“Are you sure? I mean, are you sure you’re sure?” Sayori asked, “Like, have you decided whether it’s a fetish for you or not?”

“No, I mean, I still don’t know,” Natsuki replied, “But we’re both bursting and there’s a stall right there, I’m fine with it this time!”

Sayori was really tempted, but she was still hesitant after yesterday. She looked at the stall again and felt her bladder. She was bursting, but she could just barely make it as long as Natsuki didn’t take that long.

“Listen, Natsuki, I don’t want you to do this unless you’re sure,” Sayori reaffirmed.

“Listen, I’m telling you I’m fine with it!” Natsuki shot back, “I’m still figuring all this stuff out, and I don’t know where to stand with it yet, but I’d like to give this a try! Besides, we’re both bursting anyway.”

“I can hold it, it’s fine!” Sayori replied, even as she felt her bladder screaming at her for relief.

“Why are you being like this?” Natsuki asked, stomping her foot angrily, “Yesterday you didn’t even ask me before you whisked us off to a walk when we both had to pee, and now I’m telling you I’m fine sharing a stall and you don’t want to?”

“No, Natsuki, it’s not-” Sayori dug around for the words, “I just don’t want to do anything with you until you’ve figured out how comfortable you are with all this stuff, just like we said yesterday.”

“Are you sure that’s it? Or is it that I’m not Monika?” Natsuki asked.

“W-what?” Sayori asked, totally puzzled, “What does Monika have to do with anything?”

Natsuki grit her teeth, even as she doubled over and crossed her legs, “Oh, don’t play dumb with me! I saw you looking at your phone in the middle of club! And the time I caught you getting yourself off too! Both times you were looking at the photo I took of me and Monika’s accident!”

“O-oh,” Sayori did realize that she had a tendency to prefer that photo over the others, if only because it featured two of her friends shittting themselves instead of just Natsuki, “Listen, Natsuki-”

“No, no, it’s fine! You two are clearly more comfortable talking about it anyway!” Natsuki turned around and began hobbling towards the door.

“Natsuki, I don’t have a thing for Monika!”

But it was too late. Natsuki had stormed out, leaving Sayori standing there in the restroom, bursting in front of the one open stall. She reached out and thought about going after her, but she was at her limit, and she leaked into her panties. In a mad dash, Sayori rushed over to the open stall and slammed the door closed, not even able to pull her panties down before she burst. She peed full force into the toilet, her panties barely serving as a damper as her stream splashed and rang against the side of the bowl. Her panties were quickly saturated entirely as she peed through them, and she felt rivulets of pee streaming down her ass before dripping into the toilet below. She threw her head back and let out a relieved sigh. She would have to ask Yuri about that tea later, it was incredibly potent.

In the meantime, Natsuki had managed to get a few steps down the hall before a strong spasm told her she wouldn’t make it to the school’s other restrooms before she burst. Reluctantly, she turned around and hobbled back towards the bathroom.

Sayori sat on the toilet, soaking in the sheer relief of peeing, even as her bladder slowly began to deflate. After what felt like minutes, Sayori felt her stream taper off. She let out a relieved sigh and got to work cleaning herself up as best as she could, though considering she had totally soaked her panties, that didn’t do much.

As she left the stall, she saw Natsuki hobble her way back into the restroom, and their eyes met.

“Natsuki, I-”

“Move, I’m gonna piss myself,” Natsuki replied curtly, and Sayori didn’t say anything else. Natsuki rushed past Sayori, her hands pressed against her crotch desperately, and made her way into the stall.

She tore down her panties and planted herself firmly onto the toilet before throwing her head back and letting out the flood. After what happened yesterday, Natsuki was sure she was about to piss herself, but luckily she made it. Her relief shot through her and sent shivers up her spine. Her spray rang loudly against the toilet bowl, like she had been holding it back all day.

Outside the stall, Sayori finished washing her hands and turned around. She was tempted to stay and listen to the intense sound of Natsuki peeing and imagine her expression of blissful relief, but she would feel guilty about listening in like a voyeur, especially after rejecting Natsuki’s proposal to share a stall. Sayori didn’t know what to think of all this. She thought she was avoiding the mistake she made yesterday, but she managed to make things worse between her and Natsuki, and worse still, now Natsuki thought she might have a thing for Monika.

With a heavy heart, Sayori left the restroom, and Natsuki to her relief.

Back in the stall, Natsuki finished peeing, her stream trailing off as she sat there, mind blank in the haze of her relief. She slowly cleaned herself up and placed a hand on her deflated bladder. She couldn’t deny the blissful relief was almost orgasmic. However, she still didn’t know where she sat with everything. Was this a fetish for her? Why had seeing Sayori looking over at the pictures of Monika filled her with jealousy? Was it because she wanted Sayori to look at only her like that? Not only that, but when she had offered, Sayori was the one who rejected her.

Natsuki let out a sigh. Between yesterday with her wetting herself, and today, she felt awkward and confused, and she knew she needed to sort things out.

***

Monika finished cleaning up Yuri’s tea set and stowed it away in the classroom’s backroom where it was normally kept. She then grabbed her own bag, ignoring the spasm from her bladder as she rushed out the door to try to catch up to Yuri.

She bounded down the halls until she reached the restroom and poked her head in, figuring that Yuri would want to relieve herself before heading home. However, upon poking her head in, she only saw Natsuki, washing her hands, with one open stall.

“Did you see Yuri, by any chance?” Monika asked.

“Huh?” Natsuki looked over, surprised. Monika must’ve caught her deep in thought, “Oh, no, I don’t think she came this way.”

“Alright, thanks,” Monika smiled, “See you tomorrow!”

Monika turned around and gave one last passing glance to the open stall. It was tempting to her full bladder, but she wanted to find Yuri first. She squeezed her thighs together and turned around, darting down the halls towards the front of the school. As she ran, she felt the shockwaves go straight through her and only heighten her desperation, but she didn’t have time to stop.

By the time Monika reached the front entrance, she felt like she was ready to leak, but she found Yuri standing there, shuffling restlessly at the footlockers as she tried to change her shoes. Despite her clear desperation, it seemed she had no intentions of relieving herself before leaving.

“Hey, Yuri,” Monika called out as she caught up to her.

Yuri yelped and looked over at Monika like she had been caught stealing, “O-oh, hey.”

It was an awkward exchange, definitely not helped by the last incident. Monika had been hoping that it would clear up in time, but it seemed the conversation at the clubroom had only made things worse.

“S-sorry about that, I didn’t mean for the conversation to get out of hand,” Monika apologized, scratching the back of her head, “You alright? I would’ve checked up on you sooner, but I needed to put away your tea set and everything.”

“Thank you,” Yuri nodded, “Yes, I’m fine. I just got a bit overwhelmed, and I was embarrassed about mixing up the teas.”

“Hey, it wasn’t your fault,” Monika hugged Yuri, both of them squirming thanks to their full bladders, “In fact, if it had been just us, I think I would’ve found it more funny than anything.”

“Y-yeah,” Yuri nodded, “Um… Monika?”

Yuri looked up, as though she were about to say something, but she closed her mouth and visibly contemplated what she was going to say. Finally, she was interrupted by her own body, letting out a light moan as she jammed a hand between her legs.

“Ah, we should both head to the restroom before heading home, unless you wanted to hold it?”

“I… I don’t think I can,” Yuri admitted. She put her outdoor shoes back quickly and the two shuffled down the halls, fighting their full bladders as they made their way to the nearest restroom. It was a different restroom from the one closest to the club room, so when they got there, they didn’t have to worry about the out-of-order toilets. There were plenty of stalls available.

Yuri made her way over to one of the stalls before pausing, turning around and looking at Monika.

“Did you want to… do anything?”

Monika was surprised that Yuri had been the one to suggest it, but she smiled and walked over to Yuri, embracing her even as she felt the pressure in her own bladder building.

“It would be a shame to waste this opportunity, since we’re both desperate.”

The two slipped into the stall and immediately began kissing, but something was clearly off. Yuri was stiff underneath Monika’s touch, and Monika’s mind was elsewhere. Once tender caresses and soft kisses felt stiff, hot and uncomfortable.

Monika was suddenly hit with a wave of desperation and the usual arousal she felt by a full bladder, especially knowing Yuri was struggling to hold on as well, was instead replaced by annoyance. Yuri, likewise, could find no pleasure in the intense desperation, and eventually the two broke off naturally.

“A-actually, I kind of just want to pee,” Monika admitted.

Yuri nodded in agreement, “Yeah, s-sorry. I thought we could get into the mood but…”

“That conversation from earlier,” Monika finished. She purposefully didn’t mention the incident over the weekend.

Yuri nodded, and Monika slipped out, hurrying over to her own stall as she let Yuri keep the one they were in. She closed the door and almost leaked upon seeing the toilet. She tore off her panties and sat down, letting the flood go. The normal blissful relief that came with finally letting go after holding it for so long was overshadowed by the discomfort of what just happened. She hunched over as she continued to pee full-force into the toilet and buried her head in her arms.

Likewise, in the stall next to her, Yuri spent no time slipping off her panties and peeing. She felt frustrated. There were so many thoughts buzzing around in her head from the earlier conversation. Maybe that was the source of discomfort she couldn’t let go of when trying to get into the mood with Monika, or maybe it was the other night, or something else. She couldn’t put her finger on it. Earlier, when she had tried to ask Monika something, she had fallen silent because she didn’t really know what to ask.

The two sat finished up peeing and exited the stalls. They didn’t say anything as they washed their hands and left the bathroom together, both deep in thought about what was going on between them.

Finally, Monika spoke up, “Hey, Yuri, sorry about today.”

“No, it’s fine,” Yuri smiled, though there was an emptiness to her words, “None of this would’ve happened if I hadn’t mixed up the teas.”

“It’s okay,” Monika spoke up, “I’m the one who bought you that tea in the first place. Obviously it was supposed to be just for us, but if you hadn’t been carrying it around, this never would’ve happened.”

The two made it to the shoe lockers, and this time, without full bladders to contend with, they slipped on their shoes quickly and headed for the entrance. They walked silently until they reached the school gates.

“I’ve gotta go run some errands, so I’m headed this way today, unless you wanted me to walk you home?” Monika asked.

Yuri shook head, “I’m fine.”

“I’ll text you later, then!” Monika smiled.

Yuri nodded, hugging Monika goodbye before turning around, “Later, then.”

As she walked off, Monika watched her, with a heavy feeling in her heart. What was going to happen to their relationship? If they weren’t able to get rid of this awkward feeling, would that be it? Pushing that uncomfortable thought out of the way, Monika turned around and walked off herself, trying to ignore the knot in her stomach.

###

It had been a few days since the disastrous meeting, and the literature club hadn’t met up since. It wasn’t a decision they had all agreed upon. Rather, the girls had just all made various excuses to get out of it. For her part, Natsuki was still trying to work things out in her head. While at this point she was pretty sure her interest in omorashi and messing was a fetish, she had no idea where she stood with Sayori, and she was trying to sort everything out before she talked to her again.

Still, despite her best attempts to avoid club, she had left a manga in the back room that she really wanted to read, and so she found herself headed to the club room to pick it up. In the event that she ran into anyone, she had an excuse prepared to slip out of it, but she was hoping to get in and out unnoticed.

She stopped just outside the door and waited, trying to hear if anyone was in there already. Though she supposed if it was Yuri, she wouldn’t be able to tell anyway. She let out a sigh and headed in, and was glad to see the door was empty.

She slunk to the back room, as though being quiet would prevent anyone from showing up, and quickly grabbed her manga. As she turned around, however, she nearly jumped out of her skin when she saw Monika standing there.

“Hey, Natsuki!”

“M-Monika!” Natsuki’s eyes widened, “A-are you here for club?”

A dumb question, especially considering Monika was the president, but surprisingly, Monika shook her head.

“No. Sayori can’t make it and Yuri was busy, so no club today too, I guess,” Monika shrugged, “I’m just here to drop off some supplies so when we do meet up again, we can get to work on stuff for the festival.”

“Oh, bad luck,” Natsuki frowned.

“I’m free, though,if you wanted to stick around,” Monika replied “Actually, I could use some company, but if you’re busy, then that’s fine too.”

Natsuki paused. On the one hand, with the club canceled and no chance of Sayori showing up, she didn’t have to worry about that issue, and she hadn’t really gotten a chance to talk to or hang out with Monika since they both shit themselves in this very room. There was no reason for her to not stick around and chat.

On the other hand, she was feeling some mixed things towards Monika at the moment. She knew it was irrational, but ever since the club conversation the other day, she realized that Monika and Sayori were more compatible with their interests than she was to Sayori. That was why she had called out Sayori for constantly looking at the photo of her and Monika, and why she had felt so jealous.It was dumb, because logically she shouldn’t even feel jealous. She didn’t even know how she herself felt about Sayori, or what she wanted them to be.

“I’m free,” Natsuki ultimately decided, discarding her prepared excuse.

“Great!”

Monika sat down at a desk and Natsuki pulled up a chair so they were facing each other.

“So, what did you want to talk about?”

“W-well,” Monika scratched the back of her head, “It’s complicated, and personal… I guess I’ve been having some trouble lately with things.”

“Ah,” Natsuki nodded, “Is this about Yuri?”

“Yes, I mean, no,” Monika looked up, blushing, “I mean, what? Why would it be about Yuri?”

“Because you two clearly have something going on between you two,” Natsuki pointed out, “You’re dating, aren’t you?”

Monika let out a sigh and scratched the back of her head awkwardly, “You figured it out, huh? Was it that obvious?”

“Well, I knew something was going on between you too. I wasn’t sure what,” Natsuki replied, “I figured it was more of a looser thing than a full-blown relationship, though. Congrats!”

“Well, actually, we’ve been having some problems,” Monika confided, “Or at the very least, things have been kind of awkward between us lately.”

“Awkward?” Natsuki echoed, “In what way?”

“Well, I mean, I guess it was kind of my fault, in a way. We were holding it together, but then Yuri needed to poop, and well, I’m kind of also into that, so I suggested that we continue, but she didn’t want to. Which is totally fine! But then I guess things got awkward, and the discussion at club last time didn’t really help, and I’m worried that maybe our relationship was just built off of our shared fetish, or if I’m getting bored of us just holding it, or… I don’t know.”

Natsuki frowned, if Monika and Yuri were having compatibility issues already, then maybe that was a sign that she shouldn’t pursue anything with Sayori until they were on the same page. Or maybe they’d never be on the same page. Actually, given that Monika and Sayori’s interests were already closer than her’s or Yuri’s, if Monika broke up with Yuri, then maybe they’d be more compatible?

Natsuki shook the idea from her head. She didn’t like that idea. That feeling of jealousy flared up, and she turned to Monika.

“Well, I think you should try to resolve things with Yuri,” Natsuki replied, “I mean, I’m sure everything will work itself out.”

“I’m hoping that too,” Monika replied, “But what if it doesn’t? Also it’s no use trying to force a relationship if things are just going to be awkward.”

“Well, do you like Yuri?” Natsuki asked bluntly.

“Y-yes,” Monika nodded, caught off-guard by Natsuki’s sudden aggression.

“Then that settles it, I’d talk to her,” Natsuki concluded.

“It’s not that simple, though,” Monika replied meekly, “I mean-”

“Why not? You’re not going to get anywhere if you just wait and hope for things to resolve themselves!”

“I want to figure things out myself first,” Monika answered, “I do like Yuri, but I don’t know if I love her, or if I just love the idea of being with her and exploring our fetish together.”

“Well, maybe you should’ve figured that out before you even started dating,” Natsuki pointed out, crossing her arms.

“I-” Monika didn’t know what to say to that.

“I mean, think about how Yuri would feel, too! This isn’t just about you!” Natsuki continued, raising her voice, “Considering how strongly she felt about the manga I was reading at the sleepover, I can only assume this is all new to her. Don’t do anything reckless that might push her away from it or hurt her just because you wanted someone to explore the fetish with!”

Natsuki got heated, and she wasn’t entirely sure if she was still speaking about Yuri. She took a deep breath and realized the troubled expression on Monika’s face.

“Sorry, I didn’t mean to be too accusatory,” Natsuki frowned, “I just don’t want anyone getting hurt.”

“Y-yeah, no worries, I understand,” Monika nodded.

The two fell into an awkward silence, and Natsuki let out a sigh, “Actually, I have some stuff to do, so I should probably get going.”

“Y-yeah, me too,” Monika nodded.

Natsuki rushed out of the room and frowned. That conversation couldn’t have gone much worse. Part of her anger had been genuine, she would really feel bad if Monika and Yuri broke things off, but part of her only wanted them to work through things because it meant she could keep her jealousy at bay. Of course, just like Monika, she was being a hypocrite, since she didn’t even know what she wanted between her and Sayori.

###

On the same day, Yuri found herself walking down the street aimlessly. She had told Monika she had been busy, but she really only needed to pick up a few things from the store, something she could’ve easily done after club as well. As such, she was already finished with her errands, but she would feel bad heading home now.

Instead, she decided to take a walk to clear her mind, and it just so happened that she found herself headed in the direction of the cafe. Deciding that she could use a treat for herself with everything that’s been going on, she entered and the door chimed as she walked in.

“Yuri, is that you?” a familiar voice called out.

Yuri looked up, somewhat startled, and looked over until she saw Sayori, sitting at one of the cafe tables with a half eaten cake and some kind of sweet coffee drink in front of her. Realizing it had been a while since she had gotten to talk to just Sayori, Yuri walked over and sat down.

“Fancy seeing you here,” Sayori smiled, “Skipping out on club too?”

“A-ah, yeah,” Yuri held up her bags from the store, “I had some errands to run.”

“Errands, huh?” Sayori smiled, “Are you sure you’re not just avoiding someone?”

Yuri looked down, rubbing her arm awkwardly, and Sayori flashed her an apologetic look.

“Sorry, I was just joking. Well, half-joking.”

Yuri was going to ask what she meant by that, but she was interrupted by a waitress at the cafe coming over and asking Yuri what she wanted. Yuri ordered a simple tea and a slice of shortcake, and the waitress went off to fill her order, leaving them both in silence.

“So,” Sayori finally broke the silence, “How have things been with you lately?”

“Okay, I guess,” Yuri lied, looking to the side awkwardly, “And you?”

“Ah, well,” Sayori paused, as if considering whether or not to talk about everything, “I’m not really sure. Things have been kind of awkward between me and Natsuki, lately.”

Yuri nodded, relating to that. Things between her and Monika still hadn’t cleared themselves up, after all.

“Ah, so when you were half-joking about me avoiding someone, you meant that you were doing the same.”

Sayori scratched the back of her head, “Guilty as charged. It’s just, things have been really weird. I mean, we’ve kind of been… exploring our interests together.”

Sayori paused, as if gauging if Yuri would be comfortable with the conversation. Yuri was about to tell Sayori it was fine, but the waitress came back with her tea and cake, and Yuri waited for her to step out of earshot before nodding for Sayori to continue.

“Well, we’ve been doing things together, and I guess I just always assumed it was a… well, fetish for her as well. But I don’t think it was really sexual to her, or at least I don’t really think she realized it could be,” Sayori continued, being sure to keep her voice down for fear of others overhearing.

“Ah, yeah,” Yuri nodded. Yuri was like that too, at first. Not that she would admit the struggles she had opening up to the idea of having a fetish like this.

“Well, I guess, I kind of introduced that side of it to her, but things are just kind of awkward now. Like, I don’t really know how she feels about it all, and I don’t want to make her uncomfortable, but I also don’t know what she wants out of it, or what we want, really.”

“Yeah,” Yuri repeated. This situation was starting to sound like her own situation. She was worried that Monika wanted more, and wasn’t sure how comfortable she’d be exploring more of the fetish than she was already used to. Not only that, but it wasn’t lost on her how the others pretty much all had an interest in messing, leaving her as the odd one out. She didn’t want Monika getting bored with her.

It already felt like her and Monika were growing more distant, and she was starting to second-guess their relationship. Had Monika just suggested a relationship because they had a shared fetish? Was there nothing more there? There was a pang of sadness when she thought about them breaking it off, but she knew if they had to force things to stay together, it wouldn’t feel any better.

Yuri picked at her cake slowly, not really sure what to say to Sayori. For her part, Sayori seemed to realize she was just venting, and trailed off on her own.

“Sorry, I didn’t mean to dump this all on you,” Sayori apologized.

“It’s fine,” Yuri nodded, “I’m sorry I don’t have anything to add. I’m not really good with this myself.”

“No, it’s fine,” Sayori waved off Yuri’s concern.

Yuri thought back to Monika’s first request that set all this off, and remembered that Sayori had said she was into messing. She looked around the cafe nervously and lowered her voice even more.

“Hey, mind if I ask something,” Yuri paused, fiddling with her fingers nervously, “W-what do you like about messing?”

“Oh, are you curious?” Sayori grinned, eyes lighting up.

“N-no!” Yuri blurted out in a harsh whisper, blushing hard, “I-I mean, it just seems like it wouldn’t be appealing.”

“I get that,” Sayori nodded, “I guess it’s generally considered a bit ‘grosser’ than wetting, but I think it’s about that same sense of build-up and relief. Plus I think it can feel really good once you get used to it. It also doesn’t run down your legs and go everywhere like pee.”

“I-I see,” Yuri nodded.

“Here! I can show you a few photos of me,” Sayori replied, pulling out her phone.

“T-that’s not-” Yuri began.

Sayori had already whipped the phone around, however, and had opened up a photo of her panties, recently soiled. Yuri blushed and looked away, but part of her was curious and she glanced back towards the phone.

“I have a better one too,” Sayori swiped to go to the next photo, but instead of her, it was one of the photos of Monika that Natsuki had sent her.

“T-that’s-!”

Sayori, realizing her mistake, gasped, “W-wait, that wasn’t the one I meant! Monika doesn’t even know I have that, so I was going to get around to deleting it, but…”

Yuri let out a breath she didn’t realize she was holding. For the briefest of moments, she was worried Monika had sent that to Sayori herself, but apparently it was an opportunistic photo of some other occasion.

The two sat in an uncomfortable silence, the sound of the cafe’s doorbell chiming and the clinking of forks and glasses and faint music practically being drowned out by the thick atmosphere.

Finally, Sayori broke the silence, “Oh, by the way, about the festival…”

Grateful for the shift in conversation, Yuri nodded as Sayori talked about her ideas for her festival poem, and some ideas she had for decorations. Yuri added her own input where possible and soon, both of their cakes and drinks were long gone.

By the time the two were ready to leave, Yuri was grateful for taking her mind off of her troubles with Monika, at least once the conversation shifted. Yet neither of them really felt like the situation had been resolved. Yuri found herself heading home, her head not any clearer as she thought about Monika.

###

The next day, Natsuki found herself heading back to her classroom after grabbing some lunch. Naturally, she was still deep in thought about everything that had been going on, and in her absentmindedness, she nearly barreled into at least three other students on her way.

She turned the corner and suddenly saw Sayori heading down, looking around as though she was looking for something.

Or someone. Natsuki realized, and immediately turned the corner. But Sayori was headed her way anyway.

I’m still thinking through everything, I just want to eat lunch in peace!

Thinking fast, Natsuki dipped into a disused stairwell and closed the door behind her, hiding and hoping Sayori would just pass on by and give up. After a few tense minutes, Natsuki was confident Sayori was gone, so she let out a sigh and relaxed.

Then, out of the corner of her eye, she spotted a familiar face. Yuri was sitting there, staring at her blankly with a puzzled expression. A half-eaten rice ball sat in her hands, halfway between her lap and her mouth.

“A-ah, Yuri! I didn’t see you there!” Natsuki smiled awkwardly, laughing.

“What are you doing?”

“Oh, uh,” Natsuki turned to look back at the door, “I was just… trying to find some quiet place to eat!”

Yuri’s expression clearly conveyed to Natsuki that she didn’t buy it, and Natsuki let out a defeated sigh.

“Alright, you caught me. I was hiding from Sayori.”

“Oh,” Yuri spoke, lowering the rice ball from her lips and furrowing her brow as though she were considering something. After a short pause, she added, “Actually, I talked to her yesterday, and she told me a bit about what was going on.”

“Oh,” Natsuki blushed.

“A-actually, to tell you the truth, I’ve been dealing with something similar, in terms of Monika,” Yuri admitted.

“Yeah, actually, Monika told me a bit about that too,” Natsuki replied, “Uh, nothing too personal, though!”

“Ah,” Yuri nodded, “Did she tell you we’re…”

“Dating? Yeah,” Natsuki admitted, “Though to be fair, it was pretty obvious there was something going on with you two.”

Yuri blushed, “We… we were going to tell you both… at some point.”

“It’s fine, I get wanting to take your time with stuff like that,” Natsuki nodded.

“Y-yeah,” Yuri nodded.

Natsuki finally found herself heading over next to Yuri, and she sat down to eat her lunch. The two sat there in silence for a moment, the only sounds in the stairwell being the muffled discussions of students in the halls and the sounds of their own munching. Finally, however, Natsuki spoke up again.

“Hey, so,” Natsuki started, as though searching for the words, “I know you two are going through a bit of a rough patch right now, so this might not be the best time to ask, but what’s it like dating Monika?”

“O-oh,” Yuri looked over, “W-well, in some ways, it’s not much different than when we were friends, but in other ways, it’s a lot more different at the same time.”

“What do you mean?” Natsuki asked.

“Well, obviously there’s the intimacy,” Yuri blushed and paused for a moment before continuing, “A-and things like hugs take on a different meaning, so they feel more intense. Warmer and more meaningful. But then it doesn’t feel like other things are all that different. We still talk a lot and hang out like we used to. I guess we do it more often now, of course, but it’s not much different than before we got together.”

“I see, I guess that kinda makes sense,” Natsuki nodded.

“Why do you ask?”

“Oh, uh,” Natsuki blushed and look down at her lunch, “W-well, I just… I’ve been really confused and conflicted about a lot of things.”

“About Sayori?” Yuri hit the nail on the head.

“Y-yeah,” Natsuki admitted, “I’ve been processing everything and while I’ve had this interest in omo stuff for a while, I never really thought about it in a sexual light before. And then I started experimenting around with it more with Sayori, but I still never realized it was a sexual thing for her, and when I found out I got kind of overwhelmed. And now I’m sitting here pretty confident it’s a sexual thing for me too, but I have no idea what I want out of it. Or what I want from Sayori. And then I’m getting stupid jealous over Monika because she and Sayori have similar interests, even though I know that Monika and you are dating and Sayori said herself that she doesn’t have a thing for her. But I guess in the end I’m just insecure about everything because I don’t really know where I stand or what I want out of everything.”

Natsuki finished up and the two sat in silence for a tense moment.

“Sorry, I didn’t mean to unload all of that,” Natsuki apologized finally.

“No, it’s fine,” Yuri shook her head, “I understand. To be honest, I’ve been going through similar doubts and insecurities. I know Monika has an interest in messing, and I feel nervous about experimenting with it. Sometimes I worry that if I try it and dislike it, then Monika won’t be satisfied with me anymore, especially when both you and Sayori share a similar interest. I feel like the odd one out here.”

“Well, the way I see it, if it’s just a matter of what you’re into, then that’s just a sexual thing, and not really a relationship, right?” Natsuki asked.

“Y-yeah, and I guess I’m also worried about that too,” Yuri admitted, “We got together because Monika helped me explore my fetish, so sometimes I worry that’s the only reason we’re dating.”

“Well, honestly, I’d just talk to her openly about that,” Natsuki admitted, “I mean, whatever decision you both come to, it’s best to talk it through first, right?”

“Well, it’s not like you and Sayori are talking things through either,” Yuri replied, “You literally came in here to hide from her.”

Natsuki let out a sigh and nodded, “I guess you’re right.”

The two fell quiet and turned back to their food, and soon they had both finished up. Lunch time was winding down, and soon they’d need to get to class. Yuri began packing away her stuff as Natsuki started gathering her trash to throw it away, and just as the two stood up, Natsuki broke the silence.

“Listen, I’m sure both you and Monika care about each other, beyond just the fetish stuff,” Natsuki stated, “Even before you got together, Monika just understood you the most. I know you and I butt heads a lot, and Sayori means well, but Monika’s always been the most observant and understanding. That’s what I think, anyway.”

“I…” Yuri struggled for words, before finally nodding and saying, “T-thanks, I’ll talk to her.”

“And I’ll talk to Sayori in return, I promise,” Natsuki added, “Even if I haven’t figured everything out, there’s no reason I can’t talk things through with her.”

“I think that’s for the best,” Yuri nodded.

The two parted ways, returning to their next class, and Natsuki found herself almost bouncing as she headed down the halls. It felt like a weight had been lifted from her. Likewise, Yuri was feeling much better, and even as she headed to her next class, she was equal parts anxious and excited to finally talk things through with Monika.

###

Later that day, after school Sayori bounded into the club room, only for her face to fall when she only spotted Monika seated at the desk.

“Oh, hey Monika,” Sayori looked around, “Do you know if Natsuki’s coming?”

“Hey Sayori!” Monika smiled back, “I’m not sure. Usually everyone texts me if they’re not gonna be able to make it, but so far I haven’t heard anything. I saw her earlier today, so hopefully she’ll be here.”

“I hope so!” Sayori sighed, “Honestly, I think she’s been avoiding me.”

“Is something going on with you two?” Monika asked.

“Well,” Sayori paused, as if considering whether to share or not, “It’s complicated. Me and Natsuki started experimenting around with the omo stuff, right? But I don’t think she realized it was a fetish at first. So, when I finally… told her, I think it made things awkward between us. At first I didn’t give her enough space to think things through, but then later I think I tried to give her too much space, and I just don’t know where she stands with all of this, so I wanted to talk things through with her, but I haven’t been able to find her.”

“Oh,” Monika nodded. She had no idea that Natsuki and Sayori were going through something like that either, but Sayori’s position sounded a lot similar to hers, “To be honest, that sounds a bit like what I’m going through.”

“Oh?” Sayori asked.

“Well, things have been awkward between me and Yuri,” Monika admitted, “It’s kind of my fault too, because I was hoping we could experiment more with messing, but I don’t know if Yuri’s all that receptive to it. And I don’t want to make her uncomfortable, but ever since the conversation at club the other day, I’ve had a lot on my mind, and I want to make sure I’m not just dating her because of our shared fetish, and that we’re on the same page about what we want.”

“Wait, you’re dating Yuri?” Sayori asked.

“O-oh,” Monika blushed, “Well, that cat’s out of the bag, huh?”

“I knew something was going on with you two, but I wasn’t sure what. I thought it might’ve been a more casual thing, like what me and Natsuki had going on,” Sayori began.

“Are you sure it’s a casual thing?” Monika asked, recalling how heated Natsuki had gotten yesterday. She hadn’t known anything was going on between them, but in retrospect, Natsuki’s sudden anger made a lot more sense.

“Yes, I mean no, I mean,” Sayori paused to gather her thoughts, “I don’t know what’s going on between us. That’s why I want to talk to her.”

Monika sighed, “Yeah. Honestly, we both have a lot of stuff to talk about with them, huh?”

“I think Yuri will be understanding,” Sayori agreed, “And I’m sure Natsuki will be receptive too. I just wish she’d get here by now.”

Suddenly, as if on cue, the door to the room slid open, and both Natsuki and Yuri were standing in it. The two looked nervous, and they met the gaze of Sayori and Monika respectively.

“H-hey,” everyone said awkwardly.

“Listen, I know it’s club and all,” Natsuki began.

“I think everyone has some talking to do,” Monika cut her off, “Let’s postpone the meeting for now.”

Everyone nodded. Monika and Yuri stayed in the club room, and Sayori and Natsuki took the halls.

“Hey, sorry for the other day,” Sayori began.

“No, it’s my fault. I ran off without really giving you a chance to say anything,” Natsuki replied.

“No, I should’ve listened to you too, and I should’ve waited to try anything until you knew how you felt about the omo stuff,” Sayori admitted.

“It’s fine, I forgive you,” Natsuki replied, “I’m sorry I haven’t really been clear about things up until now, and kind of jumped to my own conclusions without talking to you about everything.”

Sayori nodded, and Natsuki took a deep breath.

“Listen, I still don’t really know about everything,” Natsuki admitted, “I’m pretty sure I have a fetish for omo and messing, but I don’t know where the boundaries are, I don’t know what I’m comfortable with, and I don’t really know what I want out of all of this. Like, between us.”

“Yeah. I know Monika and Yuri are dating, but I’m not really sure if that’s what I want between us or not.”

“Yeah,” Natsuki agreed, “But I do know I want something. I want to do things with you. Just you, and experiment. I just want us to be open about it.”

Sayori nodded, “Yeah, I won’t try to get you into an omo situation without us talking things through first. And I’ll be honest about what I want to try, but I’ll understand if you’re not ready for anything.”

“We can figure out things along the way, together,” Natsuki concluded.

“Yeah!” Sayori smiled, “I like that idea!”

Meanwhile, back in the classroom, Yuri and Monika were sitting across from each other around one of the desks. The two sat in awkward silence, before finally Monika spoke up first.

“Yuri, I…” she stopped, the words getting caught in her throat, “I’ve thought about a lot of things, and I want to stay together with you.”

Yuri looked down, rubbing her arms, “Are… are you sure?”

“Yes,” Monika said with conviction, “I don’t want our relationship to just be because of our fetish. And I know I made things awkward by asking you to indulge in my interest in messing when you’re not comfortable with it. I don’t want that to get in the way of us being together.”

“I…” Yuri blushed.

“I don’t want to stop doing omo-related things with you, of course,” Monika replied, “But I want to make an effort to show you that you mean more to me than that. And I’m sorry for not coming to talk to you sooner. I bet you were really worried about all this, huh? I’m sorry I fed into your insecurities with my silence.”

“Yeah…” Yuri smiled, and it felt like all her worries melted away. It was exactly like Natsuki said. Monika really did understand her. Without saying anything, Monika had picked up on exactly what she had been worried about, and had come and apologized.

“Anyway I-”

Yuri stood up and rushed around the desk before quickly pulling Monika into a tight hug. Unlike last time, there was no stiffness, or awkwardness between them. Just warmth.

“Sorry I wasn’t able to come to you earlier and say anything,” Yuri apologized.

“It’s fine,” Monika hugged her back.

“Listen, I… I am willing to try things,” Yuri admitted, “I was just… afraid of not liking them, and what that might mean for us.”

“I’m not going to break up with you just because you aren’t into the messing thing, so don’t worry about that,” Monika spoke softly.

Yuri nodded and clung to Monika tightly, and the two sat like that for a while. In fact, it wasn’t until Sayori and Natsuki, who had been patiently waiting outside the classroom, finally checked up on them, that they realized they had been keeping the other too waiting.

“So, I take it you two didn’t break up, huh?” Sayori smiled as she entered the room, seeing the two of them locked in their embrace.

Yuri blushed, and Monika laughed and scratched the back of her head, “We worked everything out. It seems like you did too, I’m guessing?”

“Yeah,” Natsuki nodded, “Unlike you two lovebirds, we’re gonna play things by ear.”

“Don’t tease them!” Sayori frowned, giving Natsuki a gentle elbow, “Congrats, you two~”

“Oh yeah, I guess we never officially announced it, though I’m sure you both already know,” Monika laughed, “We’re dating.”

It was such an open secret at that point that the four just smiled and laughed at the announcement, and then Monika clapped her hands as she normally did.

“Well then, everyone, we’ve all kind of been slacking on club, so today we should get a jump on getting stuff together for the festival!”

###

After club ended, the four were in high spirits, so they all decided to head out to the cafe to celebrate. The atmosphere was a lot lighter now that things had been resolved, and they had barely held club since the awkward incident with Yuri’s tea, so they wanted to take the opportunity to hang out all as a group.

Monika led the way as they headed down the street, stopping once they reached the door looking into the cozy, pink atmosphere. They entered and took a booth in the corner to accommodate all of them.

Once they settled in and placed their orders, Sayori turned to Monika and Yuri, “I still can’t believe you two are dating!”

“Oh come on, it was pretty obvious,” Natsuki sighed.

“It wasn’t that obvious, was it?” Yuri blushed.

“I thought we were being pretty subtle,” Monika placed a finger on her lip, “I wonder if anyone else knows?”

Yuri blushed even harder, “I… I hope it isn’t too obvious. I mean, you’re both close with us, so you’d notice, but…”

“Hey, no worries, I think it’s cute,” Natsuki smiled.

The four continued chatting pleasantly until their drinks arrived, and not long after each of them was steadily sipping on tea or coffee and snacking on ornately decorated slices of cake. As she sipped, Monika noticed a bit of a twinge in her bladder. She hadn’t done it consciously, but pretty much on habit, she had been putting off going for some time before club, and none of them had gone afterwards.

“So,” Sayori leaned in and lowered her voice, “What do you two get up to?”

“Sayori!” Natsuki looked over, alarmed, “You can’t just ask something like that!”

“N-no, I just meant like, fetish-wise!”

“T-that’s not much better,” Monika pointed out. She looked over at Yuri, expecting to see her lowering her head, but while she was still blushing, she didn’t seem as embarrassed as Monika expected. She also noticed Yuri acting a little restlessly, like she had to pee. She had become good at picking up on the telltale signs, with her hunched over more than normal, and shuffling her legs restlessly.

“I-it’s fine,” Yuri nodded, “We mostly just… hold it with each other, and stuff.”

“Ah, that makes sense,” Sayori nodded.

“You have it easy. Sayori prefers dragging me into contests.”

Monika glanced over and noticed that Natsuki was also sitting a little more stiffly, and shuffling slightly. Considering they all shared similar fetishes, Monika wouldn’t be surprised if they all had to go at this point.

“H-hey,” Sayori pouted, “You got really into it, if I remember.”

“Contests?” Monika asked, “Like what we did at the slumber party?”

“Well, sometimes, but last time it was who could shit themselves the riskiest situation,” Natsuki answered, “I won by, er- well, I won.”

Natsuki had glanced up at Monika before averting her gaze and shuffling awkwardly, and Monika’s mind immediately flashed back to the time they both messed themselves in the clubroom.

“W-wait, is that why you made me shit myself the one time?”

Yuri immediately looked up, and at first Monika was worried she’d get the wrong impression, but it seemed like she already had an idea. She turned to Sayori and muttered, “So that’s why you have that photo.”

Sayori looked up at Monika, panicked, and Monika raised an eyebrow inquisitively.

“What photo?” Monika asked.

“A-ah, well,” Sayori looked over at Natsuki, who simply shrugged.

“Cat’s out of the bag.”

Sayori produced her phone and showed Monika the images Natsuki took, explaining the full situation to them. As Monika looked at herself, something about seeing her, having just wet and soiled herself, made her own need grow, and she squeezed her thighs together.

“I’m really sorry I didn’t tell you,” Natsuki apologized.

“I can delete it, if you want,” Sayori offered.

“It’s alright,” Monika shrugged off, “Though, if Yuri’s uncomfortable with you having it…”

Monika looked over to Yuri, who was blushing furiously. She shook her head, and looked down at the table.

“It’s fine if you keep it.”

Natsuki smirked, “I can send you a copy, if you want.”

Yuri looked up and blushed ten times deeper than Monika thought possible, and Natsuki laughed.

“I’m teasing, I’m teasing,” she smiled, “And why look at a picture of Monika’s ass when you’ve got the real thing?”

“Natsuki! Stop teasing her so much,” Sayori crossed her arms.

“Hey, I’m right, aren’t I? Besides, you’ve been keeping that around, so clearly you also like looking at Monika’s ass.”

“Says the one who took it without permission, and sent it to me!” Sayori pointed out.

“Guys, it’s fine,” Monika held up her hand, “Let’s just all agree that I have a nice ass, and leave it at that.”

As they all laughed, Monika felt another twinge in her bladder, and she crossed her legs under the table as she squirmed a bit.

“Actually, I dunno if it’s from all this talk of things, but I’ve gotta pee,” Monika admitted.

“M-me too,” Yuri nodded, blushing.

“Same,” Natsuki agreed.

“Wait, do you guys all seriously need to go right now?” Sayori looked up, sounding equal-parts surprised and excited.

“You’re not going to suggest another contest, are you?” Natsuki asked.

“No, of course not,” Sayori shook her head, “I just thought it was funny. I guess it makes sense, though, since we all kind of share the fetish. Though, I only have to go a little right now.”

“Well, this cafe only has a single toilet,” Monika pointed out, “Maybe we should head to the park instead. It’s nearby, and it’s a bit more remote.”

Monika looked over at Yuri, who met her gaze and blushed. She had some ideas.

“Sounds good,” Natsuki nodded, “I can make it there.”

The four paid their bills and headed out towards the park, and as they walked, their desperation became much more abundant. It had been much easier to hold it while sitting down, but now that Monika was standing, she had to squeeze her thighs together with every step. Yuri was gripping at the hem of her skirt, clearly tempted to hold herself. Natsuki was walking stiffly, and the only one who seemed to carry a normal gait was Sayori, who was leading the way.

They reached the park and made their way to the back where the restrooms were, hobbling in only to find that two of the stalls had tape and out-of-order signs on them.

“You’re kidding me,” Natsuki crossed her arms, “We walked all this way because there was only one toilet at the cafe, but there’s still only one stall!”

“T-the two of us could share,” Yuri blushed and motioned to Monika as she danced in place desperately, “A-and Sayori said she didn’t need to go that bad, but that still means Natsuki-”

“I’m fine,” Natsuki replied, “You two go first.”

“Are you sure?” Monika asked. Natsuki was shuffling around quite a bit.

“I’m sure, now hurry and go before I change my mind.”

Monika and Yuri nodded and they both slipped into the stall, as Natsuki and Sayori stepped out of the restroom to wait outside.

Surprisingly, Yuri was the one on the attack, as the second the stall door closed, she immediately reached out towards Monika, pulling her close even as the two wriggled around desperately. She kissed her passionately, and Monika was almost taken aback.

“Y-Yuri-”

“T-this is what you had in mind, right?” Yuri gazed into Monika’s eyes, “Besides, now that we’ve resolved things, I…”

Monika nodded, Yuri didn’t need to say anything more. She immediately reached around and pulled Yuri into a tight embrace, putting pressure on both of their bladders. Her hand snaked down and grabbed Yuri’s ass, eliciting a yelp of surprise as she felt Yuri leak into her panties a little.

“I have to pee,” Yuri stated needlessly.

“Same here, I’m bursting,” Monika nodded. They positioned themselves on the toilet, with Yuri sitting down and Monika straddling her, but neither seemed all too eager to remove their panties or focus on relief just yet.

Meanwhile, outside the restrooms, Natsuki shuffled in place desperately, crossing her arms.

“I hope those two don’t take that long, or have too much fun in there.”

“How bad do you need to go?” Sayori asked, “You don’t need to poop, do you?”

Natsuki blushed, “Y-yeah, pretty badly. I usually go before bed, but I didn’t yesterday, and didn’t need to that badly until we got to the cafe. I was trying to hold out, but…”

Suddenly, Natsuki doubled over and she grabbed her stomach. Sayori couldn’t help but smile as she watched Natsuki struggle to hold it intently.

“You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?”

“Of course,” Sayori replied shamelessly.

“W-well, it’s easy for you,” Natsuki teased, “You don’t have to go that badly, you said.”

“Hmm, I don’t have to go that bad, but I don’t really feel like holding it, either,” Sayori smiled.

She bent over, giving Natsuki a full view of her ass, as she hiked her skirt up with one hand. She then squeezed and started shitting herself in full view of Natsuki. The sight of Sayori filling her panties so abruptly nearly made Natsuki lose it right then and there, but she continued to watch, transfixed. Sayori’s panties sagged a little as they filled up, and Sayori turned back to look at Natsuki’s reaction.

“So, who’s ass is nicer, mine or Monika’s?”

Natsuki let out a flustered sputter, and as Sayori finished, she drew in close, slipping around and hugging Natsuki from behind, running her hands over her abdomen even as Natsuki struggled to hold it.

“S-stop teasing me, I’m seriously gonna shit myself!”

“It’s fine,” Sayori smiled, “I just did! It feels really good, right?”

Natsuki blushed, and as Sayori squeezed her again, she felt herself lose control, her muscles loosening as a large log began pressing out into her panties. Her knees buckled as she totally soiled herself, and as she was lost in the sheer relief, her bladder burst as well. A powerful stream splashed down onto the sidewalk right out front of the restrooms, and she felt herself panting as she was taken in by the sheer relief.

Back in the stall, Yuri and Monika were reaching their limits as well. They had unbuttoned their shirts and their hands were exploring their bodies, even as their swollen bladders threatened to pop. Monika felt herself leak as Yuri rubbed her fingers over her clit through her panties, and the two’s mouths were locked together in a passionate kiss.

Yuri pulled away for air, and through hot, ragged breaths, she whimpered, “I can’t hold it anymore.”

“Me neither, I’m gonna burst,” Monika agreed.

Monika reached up and gave Yuri’s bladder one last press, and she felt Yuri do the same, and they both lost control together. Yuri peed full-force into the toilet bowl through her panties, and Monika could tell from the sound of her stream that she had been holding it for a long time. Monika’s stream sprayed messily between Yuri’s legs, running down them as it spread across Monika’s panties.

She reached down to move her already soaked panties out of the way, but Yuri stopped her with her hand.

“It’s fine, I don’t mind.”

Monika nodded, and the two continued to wet themselves as Monika straddled Yuri over the toilet bowl. Their lips met again as they basked in the heat of their passion and the pleasure of relief together.

It took quite some time for their streams to taper off, but even once they did, the two sat like that for a few moments longer. Monika pulled away and raised a hand up to Yuri’s cheek, caressing it as they gazed into each other’s eyes.

“I’d love to stay like this longer,” Monika smiled, “But we’ve been keeping Natsuki waiting.”

“Y-yeah,” Yuri nodded, blushing and casting Monika a sultry gaze, “We can continue this back at my house, now that you’ve gotten me all hot and bothered like this.”

That sent Monika’s heart racing, and she blushed as the two started to get cleaned up.

By the time they exited the stall, they caught both Sayori and Natsuki standing just outside the stall, both clearly having shit themselves.

Natsuki crossed her arms, “Have fun in there?”

“S-sorry,” both Monika and Yuri lowered their heads in unison.

Natsuki then smiled to show that she wasn’t that upset, and Sayori grinned as she chimed in with, “No worries, we had our own fun.”

“Ah, but you might want to button your shirts up properly,” Natsuki pointed out.

Monika and Yuri looked down, and sure enough, in their rush, they had missed a few buttons. Yuri’s large chest in particular was doing her no favors as her cleavage and bra was showing through the hole left by the unfastened button.

“A-ah,” the two blushed furiously, having basically gotten caught in the act.

The four then laughed, and after Sayori and Natsuki got cleaned up, they all headed to the exit of the park together before going their separate ways for the night.

###

A couple days later, Sayori and Natsuki found themselves walking along comfortably, in high spirits now that they’d finally resolved everything between them. They were headed to Sayori’s house to hang out for the night, and were excited for what they would get up to together. Enough time had passed since they resolved things, and now they were even able to laugh about it.

“Man, now that we’ve talked things through, I really feel like we were worrying over nothing,” Natsuki laughed.

“Yeah,” Sayori agreed, “Though I do think it was important to talk things through eventually.”

“That’s true,” Natsuki nodded, “Although, I probably could’ve been more open about things, and it is my fault for jumping to conclusions.”

“It’s fine, Sayori shook her head, “I wasn’t exactly helpful either. And that whole mess started because I wasn’t open about it being a fetish to begin with.”

“I guess we both made a huge mess of things, huh?” Natsuki joked.

“Yeah,” Sayori smiled before pausing. Her lips curled into a mischievous grin, and she turned to Natsuki, “Say, speaking of messes…”

“How did I know you were gonna go there?” Natuski shook her head with a laugh, “Not that I’m opposed, what’s your idea?”

“Well, I kind of have to go, so I was thinking maybe we could have a contest to see who could shit the most.”

Natsuki crossed her arms, “But isn’t that unfair to you if you already have to go?”

“Oh no,” Sayori shook her head, “I didn’t mean like who can hold it the longest, I just meant if we both hold it to our limit, who can make the bigger mess. So it wouldn’t matter if I wind up having to go before you.”

“Ah, sounds good,” Natsuki nodded, “I haven’t really gone since lunch, so it shouldn’t take me too long. Besides, we’re eating at your house anyway, right?”

“Yeah,” Sayori nodded.

With the two having decided that, it was only a matter of time to wait. Despite saying that she already had to go, Sayori wasn’t so uncomfortable that she had to make an effort to hold it, so the two simply walked back to her house uneventfully.

Once they got there, Sayori was more than happy to talk more openly to Natsuki about the fetish, from discussing various websites to visit to different media that had wetting and messing content hidden in it. Natsuki herself was eager to share some of the manga she had found over the years with similar topics.

All the while, the two filled up. Sayori felt her stomach gurgle as it pushed along more poop. She could feel a distinct pressure in her bowels and she was already starting to shuffle around a bit. Natsuki, on the other hand, didn’t have to go all that badly yet, but she could feel the first signs of needing to poop. It was that slight nagging feeling where, if she wasn’t preparing to hold it, she’d start planning on when to go, but she could still wait comfortably.

As it grew closer to dinner, Natsuki picked up on Sayori’s stiff shuffling, and she smiled, “Hey, it looks like you’ve already gotta go pretty bad.”

“Oh, I’ll be fine,” Sayori replied, even as she felt the pressure build. She squeezed hard and adjusted her position to try to find some comfort, “I want to at least make it to dinner.”

“You did say it wasn’t a holding contest,” Natsuki pointed out.

“True, but I still want to win, and I really feel it building up here,” Sayori admitted, “What about you?”

“I’m still fine for a bit. I’ve got to go, but it’s nothing too urgent,” Natsuki replied.

However, as if to prove her wrong, Natsuki felt a sudden spike of pressure build up, and she clutched her stomach. She let out a short, but audible fart, and blushed as Sayori smiled.

“You’re fine, huh?” Sayori asked.

“T-that was just gas,” Natsuki defended herself. Letting out the fart had reduced the pressure, but now it was harder for Natsuki to push the urge to poop to the back of her mind. She really hoped the feeling would pass, but the longer it lingered, the more she was worried that her urge to poop would sneak up on her pretty quickly.

The two changed the subject, buying time until dinner, even as they both became visibly uncomfortable. Finally, dinner time came, and by that time, it was clear Sayori really had to go.

“My parents are out of town tonight, so they left me money to order in,” Sayori replied, sitting stiffly and rubbing her stomach, “Want to order pizza?”

“That works for me,” Natsuki replied. She was definitely uncomfortable at this point, but she wasn’t as desperate as Sayori, “Were you gonna go before it gets here?”

“No, I want to keep holding it,” Sayori grinned, even as it was clear she was straining to hold it.

“Suit yourself,” Natsuki replied.

They ordered the pizza, and Sayori tried to get her mind off her urgent need as she waited for it to be delivered. When it arrived, she could barely stand still as she paid the delivery man and he handed over their order.

“Let’s dig in! I can’t wait, in more ways than one,” Sayori joked.

“Sounds good, I’m filling up myself,” Natsuki admitted.

The two headed over to the table by the living room and tucked in. Despite her clear struggle, Sayori wolfed down her first slice quickly, and reached for a second before Natsuki finished hers. Natsuki looked over in surprise.

“Considering how much you’re squirming over there, I didn’t think you’d be so eager to eat that fast,” Natsuki pointed out.

“Well, if I’m really gonna shit myself, I need to eat a lot, right?”

Natsuki was going to point out that, unless Sayori planned on holding it that much longer, that the pizza wasn’t going to add much, but before she could say anything, she felt a strong urge sneak up on her, and she was forced to sit up straight and clench to prevent anything from coming out.

“You’re looking a little pale, there,” Sayori pointed out, “Are you going to give in soon?”

“I’m fine!” Natsuki crossed her arms, finishing up her own piece of pizza and grabbing another, “Besides, you’re one to talk! You look like you’re ready to shit yourself!”

She was just teasing, but she wasn’t wrong. Sayori was sitting stiffly, her butt clenched as she fought back against the pressure in her bowels. Beads of sweat were forming on her forehead as she struggled to hold it in, even as she continued to eat. Natsuki, meanwhile, was shuffling back and forth, trying to downplay her own needs to further emphasize how much worse Sayori had to go then her.

Yet despite the two’s shared desperation, they made it through dinner uneventfully. Sayori struggled as she hobbled to the kitchen to take care of the pizza box, and upon her return, she found Natsuki squirming as she really tried to hold it in.

“I can’t believe you’re still holding it,” Natsuki pointed out, “I feel like I can’t hold it anymore, and you were holding before me.”

“Well, I did say I really wanted to win, but yeah, I don’t know how much longer I can keep holding it.”

“Should we head to the toilet, then?” Natsuki asked, “I know we’re gonna both shit ourselves anyway, but at least it’ll be easier cleanup. And I assume you want to watch.”

Sayori nodded, and the two hobbled to the toilet. Sayori barely had time to enter before she let out a yelp, and pressed at her ass. She let out a long fart and doubled over, trying to hold it just that much longer, but she had pushed herself too far. She felt a long, dry log push out of her and fill her panties, even as Natsuki gasped behind her. She lifted her skirt to show off a little as she filled her panties, but before the pressure in her abdomen fully subsided, she stopped.

“Wow, is that it?” Natsuki asked, crossing her arms.

Sayori blushed, “I might have held it for too long, and I ate a big lunch today, too. So I guess I’m a little backed up.”

“Well, there’s definitely no way I’m losing this, then!” Natsuki replied confidently.

She turned around and also hiked up her skirt to give Sayori a view, and finally relaxed. Almost immediately, she felt her bowels entirely empty themselves into her panties. They filled and sagged as all the pressure was finally relieved, and Natsuki had to brace herself against the counter as she doubled over and let out a satisfied sigh.

It was over surprisingly quickly, and soon she was standing there with a giant mass in her panties. It was sagging so much that she was afraid that if she moved they’d fall down and make a mess on the floor.

“Wow, that’s really impressive,” Sayori mentioned, “You definitely won. Sorry I wasn’t able to give you a show like that.”

“No worries,” Natsuki mentioned, “Now, let’s get cleaned up before we make more of a mess.

Sayori agreed, and with some careful maneuvering, the two had emptied their panties out into the toilet and cleaned themselves up as best they could.

“Did you want to finish up in here?” Natsuki asked, alluding to the fact that Sayori was still feeling a little constipated.

“Oh no, I’ll take care of it later,” Sayori shrugged off. In truth, after watching Natsuki mess herself, she was far too horny to try that now, “Anyway, did you want to take a bath?”

“Sure,” Natsuki nodded before pausing, “Should we take one together?”

“Definitely,” Sayori smiled, and the two eagerly headed off to the bathroom.

###

“Monika,” Yuri moaned, “I have to pee.”

“I know,” Monika smiled, “me too.”

The two were once again wrapped in each other’s arms, hands exploring each other’s bodies as they sat, half naked on a stack of towels. They had gone to Yuri’s house after school, and were sitting on the floor of her bedroom. Empty water bottles sat discarded around them. They had drank them to fill up their bladders.

Monika planted soft kisses down Yuri’s neck as the two squirmed. She had her thighs pressed together and was holding herself with one hand as the other hand snaked its way down Yuri’s body to caress her inner thighs. Yuri shuddered at the touch and raised her own hand to meet Monika’s breast. Even as she toyed with Monika, she let out a whimper and rubbed her knees together as she felt a strong urge from her bladder.

“I haven’t gone since lunch,” Yuri whimpered, “I don’t know how much longer I can hold it.”

“Me neither,” Monika smiled, “But let’s try to hold it a little longer.”

Yuri nodded bashfully, even as she crossed her legs, and the two kissed. Monika’s hand snaked in closer to her crotch and Yuri nearly leaked. She clamped down on Monika’s hand, even as her fingers still found her clit through her panties. Her fingers worked her bud in circles and Yuri stifled a moan.

“Don’t, I’ll pee,” Yuri moaned.

“I’ll just tease you for now,” Monika smiled. True to her word, she kept her finger’s motions slow and methodical. Enough to keep Yuri aroused, but not enough to bring her closer to wetting herself, or climaxing.

Yuri herself continued to toy with Monika’s breast, running her thumb over her nipple as she groped it. Monika moaned and bit her lip as Yuri teased her, and she felt Yuri’s other hand reach around and caress the back of her thigh. The tingling sensation shot up her body and she had to clamp down to prevent herself from leaking.

Monika removed her hand from Yuri’s crotch and snaked it upwards, having it rest on her swollen bladder. Yuri’s eyes widened in fear of Monika squeezing on it, but Monika simply teased her, running her fingers gently across it and feeling Yuri squirm and shudder beneath her.

Just then, Monika felt a strong wave from her bladder, and she let out a soft moan as she felt a few errant leaks escape into her panties. She squirmed and fought desperately for control, and was able to prevent herself from any further spurts, but she was on the brink of wetting herself.

“Yuri, I can’t hold it anymore.”

“Didn’t you just say ‘just a bit longer’?” Yuri teased.

In response, Monika pouted, before giving Yuri’s bladder a light squeeze. She gasped and jammed a hand between her legs, wriggling on the floor as she desperately tried to hold on. When she finally removed her hand, Monika could clearly see a coin-sized wet patch over her crotch.

“No fair,” Yuri pouted.

Monika was about to return to teasing her, when suddenly the sound of a small fart filled the room. Yuri blushed, and Monika looked down at her.

“Do you have to go again?” She asked.

Yuri nodded meeky, “Y-yes.”

“Did you want to go?” Monika asked.

“No, it’s fine,” Yuri replied, “I want to… try messing.”

“Yuri, you know you don’t have to force yourself if you’re not ready,” Monika caressed her cheek, “I know we just made up today, but like I said, I’m not going to leave you just because you don’t share all my fetishes.”

“I’m not worried about that anymore,” Yuri reassured her, smiling, “But I want to try it.”

“Alright,” Monika nodded.

“H-how should I?” Yuri asked, “I don’t think I can hold it anymore.”

“Here, sit on my lap,” Monika sat down, and Yuri agreed, sitting down on top of her. Monika let out a moan as Yuri’s weight came to rest on her full bladder, but she held out, and reached around. She rested her head on Yuri’s shoulder kissing and teasing her neck, as one hand reached down to continue teasing her, and another reached up to play with her breasts.

“Monika, it’s coming out,” Yuri announced.

Unable to hold it anymore, Yuri felt herself lose control of her bladder first. Monika continued to tease her even as she let out a hot spurt into her panties, and then another, before she burst. A strong stream of pee errupted out of her and soaked into the towels below. As she relaxed, she also felt her bowels tighten, and she felt a solid, squishy mass push itself out of her behind even as she sat in Monika’s lap.

Monika could feel Yuri mess herself as she sat in her lap, and the arousal plus the warm feeling of pee spraying out of her onto her lap made Monika lose it. She started peeing as well, leting out a loud moan as her puddle joined with Yuri’s. She continued to tease Yuri, even as she continued releasing all the contents of her bladder and bowels on top of her.

Yuri initially felt gross about the warm mass building up in her panties, but it was quickly overshadowed with the sheer relief and pleasure she normally felt after finally letting go after holding her pee. She was almost overwhelmed by the sensation, and with Monika’s fingers working her, she felt herself growing closer to climax, even as her stream trickled off.

“Monika, I’m going to cum if you keep up!” Yuri allerted her. However, instead of slowing down, this only made Monika speed up her fingers machinations. She continued to work Yuri’s clit through her panties and she took one of her nipples between her fingers with her other hand, and rubbed and tweaked it until it was hard.

Yuri let out a moan and threw her head back as she finally finished wetting and soiling herself, and she felt her body erupt with pleasure as Monika brought her over the edge.

The two stayed there for a few moments, Yuri utterly breathless as Monika felt the warm mass in her lap and the puddle beneath both of them. The towels were utterly soaked, and they would have to take a bath together after this. Not to mention that while Yuri had cum, she herself was still very hot and bothered. But for right now, Monika let them both bask in the aftermath of the relief, and let Yuri recover.

Finally, after Yuri caught her breath, she turned back to Monika, “I definitely enjoyed that. I’m willing to give this a go more often.”

Monika smiled, planting a kiss on Yuri’s neck as she hugged her from behind, “I’m happy you enjoyed it. I’m very lucky to have you, Yuri.”

The two then moved to clean up, and soon, the two were sharing a bath together, with hands once again all over each other as their passion for one another flared up. With their troubles behind them, the two simply enjoyed each other’s company, and all seemed right again.

The End
