Leaking at the Gym (Female Desperation)

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-12-14 05:14

Kelly was a very pretty and sort of tomboyish red head. That day at the gym she wore tight, black leggings and a green top. They were so tight her breasts and butt stuck out with the tights running up her crotch. As she ran on the treadmill and guzzled down her second bottle of water, the guy’s behind admired her look. The cheeks bouncing back and forth. Next to her was Asia. A tan, tall woman, in her mid-twenties like Kelly and wore the same tight, black leggings. They were above the ankles to show a little bit of leg. Her tight white top pressed in on her chest.

“What a day to workout, right?” Asia asked Kelly.

Kelly nodded in agreement. “Yeah. What would make it better is if those PERVS BEHIND US WOULD SOTP STARING AT OUR ASS!”

The two guys blushed and ran off as the gym clapped for the strong women who stood up for themselves. Asia and Kelly, two regulars at the gym and knew each other well high-fived each other.

Those two guys, Brock and Ben, were so humiliated they wanted revenge. They saw the women’s restroom and saw it had a lock on the inside. It was a one-person toilet with a window. “Hey, what if one of us jacks this shit and just heads out the window when they’ve had enough?” asked Ben.

Brock said, “IF they ever get enough.” They laughed like evil twins at the end of a hallway in a horror film.

After twenty-five minutes on the treadmill, Kelly and Asia’s bladder had filled with enough water and bounced around so much that they were more than ready for a bathroom break.

They walked off, sweaty and hot, causing their big breasts to near see through.

“I got to take a piss,” Kelly said.

Asia nodded and smiled. “Dude, me too. So please don’t take long.”

They laughed as they approached the bathroom door. Kelly grabbed the door handle and pulled it was locked!

She let out a moan of despair, and so did Asia. They stood against the wall next to the door, legs crossed, arms crossed on chest, and waited. And waited….

…and waited. Ten minutes had gone by. Ten minutes of these two poor girls, who had guzzled down two bottles of water each as they worked out for an hour at the gym. That water had flowed the rest of the way from the entrance of their mouths, down into their stomachs, through their systems, absorbed into their organs and blood, and then poured as a heavy, clear, yet boiling liquid of PEE!!!! Ten minutes they stood there, knowing they were literally a door away from a much-needed relief. It made the aching in their bladders so much worse.

Kelly let out another breath. She frowned and had little puppy dog eyes that looked so cute with her freckles and spicy red hair. While Asia’s legs stayed crossed and she bounced here and there, Kelly had her foot out and tapped waiting and waiting.

She held her arms around her tors pushing in her breasts as one could she her butt cheeks squeeze from the tightness of her black, tight leggings. They looked basically like her skin but made from black leather. How the hell did she even get those things on. Needless to say, the tight clothes did not make these two girls any more comfortable.

“I feel like I’m gonna die!” Kelly said to Asia.

Asia nodded in agreement. “How long has it been? I lost count?

Kelly looked at her watch. “Fifteen minutes at least since we got to the door.”

“What the hell?!?” Asia said, annoyed.

Kelly knocked on the door. “Hey, are you almost done? This is the only working toilet in the gym you know?”

Brock said from behind the door in a high girly voice, “Almost done!” He flushed, and the sound through the door made Kelly and Asia squirm like they were shivering covered in cold water. Thinking that made it worse.

“I hope she—EEE!” shrieked Kelly. She sweat on her forehead as the pulsing in her bladder pushed out a small, stream that leaked into her panties. The warm, moist feeling caused both intense nerves, and begging for salvation. She knocked hard on the door. “Ok, please, PLEASE hurry up! I really have to go!”

“WE have to go!” yelled Asia.

Brock and Ben only giggled from the inside. “Bro,” said Brock. “Maybe we should head out now.”

“Yeah,” said Ben. He reached for the window and pulled it open. But it pulled up with the wall. The wall around it pulled up with the window. “What the?” These two were high as clouds in the sky since they spiked their protein shakes with a little MJ, so they were not sure if this was real or hallucination. Sadly…it was real. Not sad for them…but for the girls…well…

“Bro,” said Brock. “That’s not a window. It’s just a poster of the outside with a window picture.” It was just a poster in the bathroom with a window showing the sun. It looked like it was a large picture a kid drew wit crayons. It said, “Enjoy the Great Outdoors!”

“Um, oops,” said Ben.

Kelly and Asia continued to squirm after twenty minutes of waiting for the toilet. They turned red and felt humiliated as guys passed them and laughed seeing them wait so long. Oh, the torture. Kelly spurted a little more leakage in her panties.

“AHH!” Asia yelled. So, did she. She covered her mouth and backed. She felt her belly tremble as if something vibrated inside of it “Um…Kelly!”

Kelly could barely pay attention. Her bladder was rock solid when she pushed on it. She was crying a little from the stabbing pain in her waist/bladder area.

“Kelly?” Asia said as she tapped Kelly’s shoulder.

Kelly hopped. She grabbed her crotch and legs turned inwards at the knees. “Oh no!”

“What?”

“Asia…I don’t think I can hold it in much LON-LONGER!” Kelly found it hard to keep her words together.

Meanwhile twiddle dee and dumbass in the bathroom rubbed their chins wondering what to do.

“Bro,” said Brock.

“Yeah?” asked Ben.

“Why did we even come in here in the first place?”

Oh geez.

Kelly wrestled with the door knob. She kicked, pulled on the handle, it was her greatest workout today. She could NOT WET HERSELF IN FRONT OF EVERYONE! She looked terrified at Asia who was leaking through her leggings onto a puddle on the floor that spread five feet wide around her. Asia cried hysterically as people watched in amazement, fear, and turned on. Asia turned red and fell to her knees in defeat.

Kelly feared the worst for her as well. Her panties were already very damp and she felt leakage down her leg. She raised her foot high in the air and kicked the door hard. It opened. Ben and Brock had their heads in the toilet (trying to get out through the sewer…pot heads).

“You guys!’ Kelly grabbed them and tossed them in the hall. She was about to pound them, but felt her bladder about to rupture. She ran in the bathroom, ripped her leggings down, sat and let out a stream of golden purity pee as her belly deflated. She just avoided the same terrible faith as her best friend. “Oh ho ho ho ho oh,” Kelly moaned in relief. Yet guilt for her friend.

Ben and Brock were arrested for being in the girl’s room and taking drugs. Due to shy bladders, they could never pee in their two-year sentence in prison. When they got out and walked in public they burst and were humiliated. Asia caught it all on camera and posted it online.

TITLE: Convicted of Pissing Themselves!

THE END.

