At the cosplay bar

Author: Rune Vesgina

*000*2020-07-22 10:11

Charlotte, 19, is sitting in the room with her friend Sophia. They've known each other for 2 years, but they're very close, like they've known each other since childhood.

Today, they are very bored because this is the period when the university is about to be on vacation.

While they were lying in the living room, Suddenly, Charlotte's mother spoke "Let's go to the bar." Charlotte is surprised that her mother invites to the bar.

And responded to her mother, "But Mom, We are not legal enough yet."

Her mother already knew that and told them.

"It's fine, that place is a bar where kids can go in. But we have to dress up anything. "

And Sophia responded to Charlotte's mother, "What are we going to wear?"

Chalotte's mother brought out about four cosplay costumes for them to watch.

And she told Sophia, "If possible, take your mother too"

At 19.00, Charlotte Sophia, Charlotte's mother and Sophia's mother were already in front of the bar.

"Mom, are you sure you want us to wear this outfit?"

"Sure, Charlotte , let's go."

The costume everyone is wearing is

Charlotte : Cosplay the jill valentine in Resident Evil.

Sophia: Cosplay the Spider girl

Charlotte's Mother: Cosplay is a cute maid outfit.

Sophia’s Mother : Cosplay the Power Woman.

When Charlotte entered a bar, she saw all the people who dressed up cosplay.

Both cosplaying as a mage Cosplay is a soldier and many others.

And the Charlotte went to sit, with a Barmaid wearing a bunny girl coming to the Charlotte.

“ Hello, you guys just came here. Please read the rules here. ”

And she gave a piece of paper to Charlotte's mother.

Charlotte's mother read that paper and summarized the rules on that paper :

1. Please ring the bartender when ordering a drink.

2. If you call that Barmaid and while you are still here, that Barmaid will receive your order every time.

3. Your Barmaid may sometimes come to receive your order late because they may go to the bathroom.

And special rules here

4. If you order an order for ten rounds, there will be a special gift for your Barmaid, but there is a condition that all of you at the table, absolutely do not piss yourself.

“ Special rules and what do everyone think? ”

And Charlotte listened to each other's opinions about whether to receive a special gift or not

And Sophia proposed “ It's fun. I agree. ”

“ I agree ”

“ I agree too ”

Everyone agreed to receive a special gift and ring the bartender and the Barmaid who wear bunny girl costumes come to the Charlotte.

“ What drink would you like to order? ”

And the first round of orders had passed. The drink they ordered was

Charlotte ordered orange juice. Charlotte's mother ordered grape wine.

Sophia ordered green tea and her mother ordered whiskey.

The first drink they ordered was quickly depleted, and Chalot called the bartender again, and the second drink had orange juice, warm milk, liqueur and whiskey.

The second round of drinks had run out and the cosplay, Jill valentine, was stimulated from the bladder and began to move the legs a little.

And Charlotte's mother noticed that Charlotte's unusual symptoms greeted her that

“ Charlotte, are you okay? ”

“ I think I want to go to the bathroom. ”

And Charlotte got up to the bathroom. After that, Charlotte's mother pressed the bell to ring the bartender for the third round and got a drink. Wine and whiskey

And Sophia took her glass and poured wine into her glass and her mother spoke.

“ Sophia, are you interested in wine? ”

Charlotte's mother told Sophie's mother, "Your daughter is starting to become an adult, haha."

And Charlotte returned to the table with her legs still slightly moved.

“ What happened? Charlotte. ”

“ Ah, people waiting to go to the bathroom It's a lot, so I wait for people to drop first. ”

“ Okay, then let us order another drink. ”

“ She probably haven't come yet? ”

“ What do you mean, Charlotte? ”

“ I saw her were lining up to go to the bathroom and she was pushing between her legs. ”

The Charlotte can't do anything outside of waiting for the bartender to come back and the effects of the drinks they drink.

The bladder was quickly filled with urine until both of their mothers quickly pressed their hands between the legs.

“ If I were still waiting here, I would absolutely piss myself. ”

And Sophia's mother invited Charlotte's mother to go to the bathroom together.

Both of them got up to the bathroom, with their feet tightly clamped on their thighs.

And Sophia pressed the doorbell to browse because now I think the bartender would be back and the bartender actually came, but the bunny outfit Her girl is wet and her face is red

But she still felt the pressure between her legs and she was stuck and she began to ask us

“ W…..What would y…...you l…..like to or…...der? ”

Charlotte asked her back.

“ You haven't gone to the bathroom yet? ”

That bartender was quiet and tears streaming down her cheeks and speaking.

“ S…..Sorry, can you t…..take a step b……..back? Because I c…..can't Ah!”

Her bunny girl outfit began to get wet and golden liquid came out of her vagina.

PPPPPPPPPPPSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHH!

She blushed and told the Charlotte people that

“ Please don't look too ”

But it was already late because at the moment that she finished talking, she was finished immediately

She squat and covered her face and cried until Charlotte and Sophia comforted the Barmaid.

Until that Barmaid felt better and accepted Chalot's orders and immediately gave them a drink

The fourth drink had run out. Now Jill Valentine and Spider Girl start to feel more pressure on the bladder and Sophia asks Charlotte that.

“ Should we both order the fifth round of drinks? ”

“ That's good ”

And Charlotte pressed the doorbell to ring the barmaid again, but this time the barmaid was wearing a towel

Charlotte and Sophia are shocked to see her wearing a towel and apologize to her right away, but she tells them that

“ It's okay. Sometimes, barmaid pee themselves and are washing the clothes, but customers always come first. Although we only have towels, we have to go to customer service. ”

“ And if there are no towels, what will you do? ” Sophia asks with suspicion.

“ Certainly had to go despite being naked. You think it's a special service from this bar. ”

Chalot turned red and ordered a drink, and within a few minutes the barmad returned and delivered the order but at the moment of the drink, her arm touched the knot tied to the towel, causing the towel to fall to the ground and her hands could not conceal her naked body.

That barmaid hurriedly placed the tray and picked up the towel to wear it as before, but in no time, everyone in the bar saw her whole body. It made her want to hide her face on the ground and rush back to the counter.

After that, the mother of Charlotte returned and looked happy and sat at the table.

“ Let's come to order a drink. ”

Charlotte's mother spoke and the bladder was empty, but Charlotte and Sophia stood up and told their mother that

“ Then we will go to the bathroom first. ”Charlotte and Sophia walk in the same way that their mother walked to the bathroom.

Sooner, Charlotte's mother pressed the doorbell again, and Barmaid walked up to her again while she was still wearing a towel.

“ This time, what is the round of this table? ”

“ Round six, those two also drink a lot ”

And Charlotte's mother receives another bottle of wine and water, until Charlotte's mother protests Sophia's mother.

“ Are you drunk? Drink another cup. ”

And Charlotte's mother poured a glass of wine that Sophia's mother had drank.

Sophia's mother drank with respect.

The sixth round is over. Both of them are now drunk and don't wait to ring barmaid for the seventh round.

Barmaid came in, but this time she dressed in bikini and accepted the order and another bottle of wine and whiskey delivered to their table

Drinking is slow because they want to taste the wine and whiskey, and they are drunk and therefore can't drink quickly but the seventh set of drinks were out and they called again the barmaid but this time, they want to drink some other drinks

“ What should you order this time? ”

“ This time, can I have some soda water? ”

Power Woman moves her leg again and orders “ As for me, I would like some juice. ”

Barmaid took the order and walked away, and Sophia's mother asked Charlotte's mother.

While rubbing her legs.

“ Or the reason that the bathroom in this room is only one is because it is thought that someone will want to know about a special gift ”

“ Would be like that ” Charlotte's mother responds to Sophia's mother, as she squeezes her thighs.

And the soda and fruit juices they ordered arrived

They looked at their drinks and squeezed their thighs tightly because of the alcohol they had been drinking in the past round and drank it until the coldness of the drink ran through their bladder, causing more stimulation, causing both to endure and rushing to the bathroom.

When Charlotte's mother reached the bathroom line, she saw that it was a long time before her queue and Charlotte was at the front of the row and Sophia walked out of the bathroom.

“ Do you want to pee again? ” Sophia asked in surprise.

“ Haha, because the alcohol we drink makes us want to pee often. ” Sophia's mother responded with Sophia, with both hands between her legs.

“ So I'm going to order another drink. How much time is it? ”

“ If you order, it will be the ninth round. ”And after that, Charlotte left the bathroom and went to the table and began to order drinks.

Now that two or three people are left, it's up to Charlotte's mother's queue. They're tightening the sphincter muscles as tightly as possible.

One person passed the queue, they walked hard ahead and they began to leak once.

“ Ha ha ha ”

“Do you think you can hold it until you get to the bathroom?”

Sophia's mother asks Charlotte's mother, as she is bouncing around behind Charlotte's mother.

“ I think i can hold it ”

And then it's their turn Charlotte's mother is holding the door, but Sophia's mother is putting her hand at the door.

“ Please let me go to the bathroom ”

“ I'm going to piss myself ”

Both argued with their hands fumbling in their vagina.They can't wait for someone to go to the bathroom and come out, so they go to the bathroom at the same time and take off the vaginal control at the same time and pee out.

They breathe in relief and urinate very hard. It takes a long time to finish urinating.

They came out to the table, and Charlotte and Sophia had already ordered a drink for ten rounds barmaid come to them and check their pants to see if they pee themselves.Barmaid already knew that they didn't piss on themselves and offered that

“ I'll call the owner of the bar here. ”

10 minutes have passed and a lady dressed up as an office worker comes with a barmaid

“ I, as the owner of this bar, will let you create one special rule, whatever you want. ”

The charlotte were meeting what special rules to put, and Sophia then proposed the rules and wrote them on paper and handed them to the bar owner.

The next day a new customer came to that bar and read the rules that barmaid made.

The new client was stunned by the new rules he had put in and she was blushing. Then the bar-paper that the barmaid gave to the floor fell and there was a message.

“ Everyone who receives the special service from the barmaid must do the same as barmaid service. ”

