The cough that did it

Author: Rose writes

*000*2021-10-27 15:13

Susan sniffled, or at least she tried to. The congestion in her nose and throat refused to give way. She wiped at the beads of sweat on her forehead with the sleeve of the flannel pajama top she’d been wearing for the past 48 hours. A video droned on YouTube. Even with the windows open, her room felt stuffy, or maybe it was just her.

“I feel gross,” she croaked. Little did she know, she was soon to feel grosser.

“You look lovely as ever,” her girlfriend, Jen, quipped (an obvious lie). “Besides, this is probably you’re body’s way of telling you you need to rest. You’ve been working like crazy lately.”

“…Yeah, but does this even count as rest? Wouldn’t rest be lazing around on a tropical island, drinking stuff with tiny umbrellas in it?”

Jen stood up, snatching Susan’s empty tea cup. “You need more of this. Want me to put a tiny umbrella in it?”

Susan sniffed again, rolling her eyes. “We don’t have any.”

“Could make one out of used tissues.”

“Ewww.”

With a shrug, Jen existed the room, presumably to get more tea. Alone in bed, Susan shifted around. She kinda had to pee. Not badly, but… Uhg. Just the thought of standing made her dizzy, plus she’d have to get out from under her warm blankets. She could wait.

A tickle in Susan’s throat made her cough, and she instinctually squeezed her legs shut. She opened up her phone on selfie mode, opened her mouth wide, and stuck out her tongue. For how much her throat hurt, it didn’t look especially red or swollen. Her green eyes had dark circles under them, though. Jen had been calling them “panda eyes”. Susan loved how Jen always talked about her nicely, even when she was at her worst.

Susan put down her phone and smiled at her girlfriend as she re-entered the room, baring a steaming cup of tea. Another cough escaped her throat, and she crossed her legs again.

“You’re a godsend,” Susan said.

“I am pretty awesome.”

The two women sat together for a while, Susan enjoying her tea, and Jen enjoying Susan. The warm liquid tasted floral, though Susan couldn’t place a finger on exactly what kind of tea it was. It wasn’t rose, chamomile, or lavender, but it was soothing and laced with sweet honey. It calmed Susan’s throat and left her feeling drowsy. As she finished the tea, she rested her head on Jen’s shoulder. She didn’t plan to fall asleep, but before long she had.

About an hour later, a cough tore from her throat, waking her up.

“Aww, hon…” Jen rubbed her back, as though to lull her back to sleep. It might have worked, if not from the urgent pressure in Susan’s bladder. She coughed again, and felt a few drops of warmth spurt out between her legs. She sat up quickly, eyes widening, her breath hitching.

“Babe, what is it?”

“I have to…” Another big cough. Susan jammed her hands between her legs, and felt another spurt of warm liquid flow out around them. Her skin felt clammy and prickly, and her heart was racing. No way was she going to wet her pants in front of Jen. She swallowed back a cough. It felt like choking. Actually, she already had wet herself, but not very much. At least she hoped not very much, and not very obviously. Maybe, if she was careful, she could hide what had already happened, and make it to the toilet without making a fool of herself.

“Sue?”

“Just gonna run to the bathroom.” Susan shot Jen a fake smile, and forced herself to slowly untangle herself from the blanket, angling herself so that maybe the wet spot on her crotch could be hidden.

No such luck.

“Baby, it looks like you already did.”

Blushing, Susan covered the stain on the front of her pajamas with her hands, but it was pointless. Now that she was standing, she could feel that her bottom was also slightly wet.

“I…” Susan couldn’t think of what to say, and even if she had been able to, it wouldn’t have mattered, because she promptly started coughing again. With each cough, another spurt of pee escaped her, making its way down her thighs.

Jen took hold of her by the elbow. “Come on sweetheart, let’s see if we can get you to the toilet to finish up.”

As Jen led her to the bathroom, tears leaked from Susan’s eyes. She was as helpless to stop them as she was to stop the urine leaking out between her legs. She was twenty-three years old, but in this moment she felt like a particularly stupid three year old.

“We’re almost there,” Jen encouraged. They were standing right in front of the bathroom door.

It was still too far. Susan gasped as her bladder gave up, releasing completely into her pajama pants. She just stood there, feeling silly and utterly defeated as it all poured out of her, creating a puddle on the floor, mere centimeters from a toilet.

Jen was silent, as though stunned. Then, as Susan’s humiliating accident tapered off, Jen sighed and kissed the top of her head. “Never mind. Let’s get you cleaned up.”

*002*2022-05-29 17:08

{{5 hours ago, xixi said:

Sorry for digging up a months old post, but it would be a crime to leave this piece of fiction without a comment of praise!

It's short, but masterfully written and I love the chemistry between both character, it's so wholesome!

}}

Thanks so much for digging it up! I enjoyed the validation. I’ll have to write more. If you like my writing, you can find more of it here:

%https://archiveofourown.org/users/StOrY1/pseuds/StOrY1

