The night shift

Author: Red Simpson

*000*2020-03-30 20:19

Gaby is a 21 year old college student who works part time in a fast food restaurant, she has long flowing brown hair with blue eyes and a slender figure to boot, she wore her uniform which consisted of a t shirt with the logo of her employer a pair of black skinny jeans underneath were her favourite pair of white briefs with a pink bow on them with ankle socks and black shoes.

Today had been extremely busy for Gaby as not only did she have a lot of classes but work too and on top of that, she hadn't been to the toilet since she woke up at 9am, it was now 9pm and her bladder was filled to the brim.

"You ready to clock out Gaby?" Her store manager asked.

"Yea busy day huh?" Gaby said and it had been very busy her till alone held just over £450.

As Gaby counts her till she crosses her legs tightly trying as hard as she can to hold it until she can make it to her boyfriend's place and use a clean toilet.

After 15 minutes of agony, Gaby was finally let out and patted herself on the back for how long she'd been holding it, normally she'd go at the first urge but because of her busy day she had no choice but to hold it.

The wind was cold against her skin and her hands were glued to her crotch, she was determined not to let her water become a waterfall, but the more she walked the more aroused she felt, suddenly a dirty thought poped into her head.

*let go?* She thought to herself and she stopped moving, her bladder was too full, Gaby squeezed her legs and clenched her hands as hard as she could as she felt a desperate wave wash over her she closes her eyes trying to get her legs to move but they wouldn't.

Suddenly her head looks to the stars and a loud moan leaves her lips as her pee explodes into her briefs soaking them in an instant her pee then hits the fabric of her jeans warming up her crotch then legs as it runs down then creating a big puddle on the pavement.

Even though it was only minutes to Gaby it felt like hours as she felt every drop leave her system, she let a hand go down into her jeans and her body shivers in delight wanting more but soon her stream stopped, she breaths heavily with the weight loss on her abdomen and races to her boyfriend's place ready for a frisky night.

