The Continence Mandate

Author: randomkath

*017*2017-03-05 03:06

This is not quite a full update, but it's all I can deliver right now:

Intermission: A Friendship Breaks

Karen was Jane's best and oldest friend. They had known each other since high school. Since Jane had been in high school, anyway. More than that, they had been through hell and back, hell being the urinary justice system. Both were already looking back on a remarkable criminal career at their young age, Karen more so than Jane. They had gone to the Watershed Federal Correction & Rehabilitation Facility for Women together, twice. Just recently, after an unfortunate incident that lead to her leaking a few drops at work, Karen had been sent to Watershed for a third time.

She had spent the unusually short period of just six weeks at this institution. After she returned, she had acted somewhat reserved, and had restricted contact to her friends to a minimum. She also avoided the topic of what hat happened to her there at all costs. Jane hadn't felt like prying too much, given how focused on her own predicament she had been. But the end of Jane's probationary period and the results of her evaluation had piqued Karen's interest. She immediately had wanted to talk about it.

The café where they had agreed to meet was just at the edge of campus, less than a kilometer from Jane's apartment. So she had decided to walk. The place was just a little too up-market and expensive for the average student, but there was usually no shortage of university personnel, faculty, and suit-wearing yuppies from the nearby business district. Just not this early in the day. It was barely 11 AM, and just a handful of customers were sitting at the bar. The outside terrace was completely empty, safe for one table, tucked away in a corner, that sat a single lone figure.

She spotted Karen from a distance. As always, seeing her stung a little. It was a psychological mystery how she could be so jealous, and yet the same time so fond of a person. Karen's appearance was everything Jane had always wanted. She didn't even think of herself as ugly, she was undeniably hot. But hot and beautiful are not necessarily the same thing. People called her skinny frame 'tight', her little button nose 'cute'. But she knew her face was boring, and her chest was just as flat as her behind. No one had ever used the trite old stereotype of 'Plain Jane' to describe her, but maybe the monicker would fit. Despite the ballet dancing and yoga classes, all she could present was a tomboyish kind of attractiveness.

Karen, on the other hand, was positively gorgeous. Next to her, Jane was invisible. When they went out together, Karen got all the stares. And how could one not stare at this epitome of feminity? Cascading red locks, ivory skin, piercing green eyes, a lightly freckled face, luscious lips, and her body! Tall and curvy, ample bosom, nice round ass, endless legs. The incarnation of the perfect ginger goddess. Whenever they were together, Jane felt inadequate, and maybe slightly aroused.

Their hello consisted of a quick hug. “Hi Honey.”

“Hey Sweetheart.” The sunny autumn day was still warm enough to allow for a light summer dress of the floral variety. Maybe a little short for propriety. Okay, a lot too short. But not unusual for Karen. She was a successful junior marketing executive, yet her business clothes would probably have looked similar, albeit black.

One aspect was off. For the first time in eternity, Jane saw Karen's silhouette without any bulge in her lower region. There was just her friend's amazing hourglass figure, and no bump to be seen. This owed to the constrictive black garment fastened around her middle. A compression girdle. A devious device, not unlike in appearance to an old-fashioned waist cincher or short corset, but made from the strongest, most modern materials. A layer of strong plastic, interwoven with aramid fibers, brutally tightened with a steel cable, and locked up securely by electronic means. Designed for a single purpose: Press down the swollen bladder of a girl forbidden from having her need on show. Jane had encountered one in her criminal career once or twice. These days, her strong abs were everything she needed. For the most part.

Karen interpreted Jane's questioning look right. “Master put me on no-show yesterday. There was no chance I would ever be able to pull in my bladder all the way, so he shoved me into this thing here. Any tips on how to deal with this? I've got no experience.”

“Uh... well...”

Then the absurdity of the situation struck her. Strong, tough Karen, Holding Queen Karen I, her guru and go-to adviser for all things pee, was asking for her help. What had the world come to?

“You really have never been compressed before?”

“No, they never found it necessary, until yesterday. If you've got anything to share, please tell me.” Karen would never admit that she was at the end of her tether, but her voice was clearly strained.

“I have been on no-show since I was twenty. They introduced it as a generalized part of the Troublemaker routine four years ago. I guess you just dodged the bullet back then? I mean, if there was no pending disciplinary measure against you, maybe it simply never came up.”

“How do you cope with it? There is not a single millimeter for my bladder to expand, except for upwards, into me. When he tightened down this contraption, it just got so much worse. I feel like I've got a week worth in me.”

“It never really gets easier physically. You just have to accept it. Grin and bear the pressure. Maybe this thought helps you: How long have you been holding it?”

“Three days.”

“And what does it feel like with the girdle?”

“A week.”

“And can you hold it for a week?”

“Of course.”

“Then how is this even a challenge for you?”

Karen thought about it, then nodded. “Okay, I get it. Just treat it like you were holding longer already. And I can hold a lot longer. Yes. Why didn't I think of that? Thanks!” She smiled, and hope had returned to her face.

The waitress was a cute little thing, and visibly bursting at the seams. While taking their orders, she was having obvious trouble with keeping her legs from bouncing. Jane was really starting to develop an eye for the bladder situation of other girls, and this kid wasn't gonna make it to the end of her shift. Poor soul. While waiting for the server to return, they chit-chated about this and that, saving the more private talk about about Jane's evaluation for when they wouldn't be interrupted. Soon their drinks arrived. Karen had ordered some kind of sugary monstrosity, consisting of more caramel syrup than actual coffee. Jane preferred her hot beverages black and bitter. She scanned her cup with her cellphone, being sure to log the fluid intake against her daily total.

The dress was really short, and Jane couldn't stop herself from staring at the milky white thighs on display. When Karen shifted in her seat, she caught a glimpse of something she had hoped to see, and a little more. She didn't fault her friend for going commando. She herself had been stuck in locked pants for the better part of the last year. If she was allowed to wear a dress, she would want to feel a little breeze down there as well. No, she had spotted something else. She glanced around to see if anyone was watching, and found out they were completely alone.

“Karen, you're okay with me...” She neither finished the sentence, nor waited for permission. She had already lifted the hem of Karen's dress and was staring at her private parts. She had seen the other woman's genitals hundreds of times, from very up close. She didn't even want to think about how many hours she must have spent with her face buried in this muff. Their sexual relationship had lasted for a little over two years, and it had been a blast.

After all this time, she was still a little upset that is was over, and their friendship didn't come with additional benefits anymore. Sometimes Jane wondered if the older Karen had felt naughty, introducing an innocent jailbait teen to the pleasures of girllove. They had both agreed to keep it casual, so the whole thing had ended when Karen had met her soulmate and future wife Ivy. But Jane still knew this pussy very well. A textbook example of a vulva, with slightly puffy lips, a birthmark, and a small scar where there had been a little mishap involving Jane's tongue piercing. She knew it by heart, and this object didn't belong there. Stuck to Karen's pubic mount was a flat, black rectangle, about the size of a stick of gum. Two thin lines ran down either side of her slit.

“What is this... thing?”

“Urine sensor. Really fancy. Can detect a single drop before it has even left you completely. Something high-tech about area effect sensing of urea and other substances. Isn't fooled by anything else, I can go swimming with it.”

“How does it stay on there?”

“Surgical adhesive.”

“Doesn't it hurt when it comes off?”

“It doesn't.” Jane raised an eyebrow. “I would have thought that a strong glue like that would at least cause some...”

“No, it doesn't come off.”

“Oh. I see. That's a little extreme, don't you think?” Karen shrugged. “It's necessary, I suppose. You know I enjoy wearing skirts. How else is he going to secure a sensor on me, without locking me in a pair of panties? And I'm a married woman. How would I explain to Ivy she can't go down on me anymore?”

“Necessary. How is any of this continence bullshit necessary in the first place?”

“Jane!”

“What? Do you actually believe it's a good idea to have something permanently glued to your junk?”

“It can be surgically removed.”

“That's not the point! Next thing you know, they have these things stuck on every girl passing through Watershed.”

Karen looked absolutely horrified at the mention of Watershed. “Can we please not talk about this?”

“I... I'm sorry.”

There was a moment of awkward silence between the two, before Karen picked up the ball. “We haven't met to talk about me, have we? How did your evaluation go?”

Jane's face lit up. A lot more enjoyable topic.

“Well... good news. Apparently I've made quite an impression on Richard.”

“You are still calling him Richard? You know how inappropriate that is!”

“Oh, please.” Karen raised both hands. “Sorry, let's not discuss that again. What was the result exactly?”

Jane looked smug. “I have been so well-behaved, they are probably going to put me back in license class IV. Going to be allowed to pee at home again. And even better, I'll likely have my intake factors reduced to something more humane. Like 1.5 or even 1.3 regular. God knows I've been hovering around 1.8 long enough.”

Karen frowned. “Neat trick you pulled off there.” Jane was taken aback. “What? What do you mean, I've worked my ass off for this!”

“More like shook it. What the hell do you think you are doing here? Spread your legs, turn one man's head, beat the system? You're not even close to continent. Sleeping with your bladder master is not an achievement.” Jane was utterly perplexed by this behavior. “You are sleeping with yours as well, and you wife gets sloppy seconds. How's that for a double standard?”

“I'm a grown woman and Ivy doesn't get to decide who I fuck. And this is not about sex. You are as manipulative as...” She struggled for an apt comparism, and had to settle for another profanity. “...shit!”

“Since when are you opposed to that? You can twist any man around your little finger, and do it all the time.”

“I would never mess with a bladder master!”

“You're kidding, right? They have all the advantages on their side. Everything to level the playing field!”

“You have no shame. The continence mandate is the basis... the foundation of our stable society.” There was no sarcasm in Karen's voice. The vile was almost palpable. Jane was shocked. “That's a textbook definition. And a meaningless phrase. Since when are you eating up their propaganda?”

“You and 'Richard'. Maybe the Continence Board would find that little tidbit interesting to know...”

“Karen, what on earth is the matter with you?”

“The matter with me? You are antisocial scum with no common decency whatsoever, and you ask me what's the matter with me?”

Another stock phrase. 'Antisocial scum', indeed. Vitriol usually spewed by authority figures of the urinary justice system. Jane couldn't even be angry at her friend. The statement was so clearly ridiculous, and contradicting everything Karen had believed in her entire adult life. She took pride in her massive holding abilities, but she had always made it pretty clear that she thought the continence mandate was bullshit. In the ten years the two had known each other, the only reason Karen had played along with the system was that she couldn't beat it. And it wasn't just that change of mind. There was also the sudden mood swing, from begging Jane's help when facing the unknown girdle, to scolding her for nothing at all. She should have picked up on it immediately. It was perplexing, and very unlike the Karen she knew. Something was fishy. Figuratively, of course; Karen's nearly exposed genitals smelled perfectly fine. A suspicion started to form.

“Have you been brainwashed? I hate to bring it up again, but what the hell did they do to you at Watershed?”

Karen jumped from her seat and stormed away, leaving Jane with two empty coffee cups, the bill, and a very uneasy feeling.

*018*2017-03-05 03:15

{{55 minutes ago, DrBorderline said:

To be honest the framing device gets my hackles up; chalk it up to my anti-authoritarian tendencies. That said, what I could read before that made it a deal breaker indicates that you are quite a skilled writer; if you ever decided to do some sort of variant where the mass female desperation was some sort of trend, fad, or cultural movement enforced by social pressure, instead of something literally mandated by law, I would read that in a heartbeat.

}}

Aww...

The fetishist in me cries, the libertarian rejoices.

Yes, by its very premise, this setting involves people being deprived of personal freedom and essential human rights, in kangaroo courts, solely for the sexual enjoyment of the author. No two ways about it. And this is only the start of some of my more extreme tendencies in that general direction. Apparently, fascist elements make for good fetish fuel. I could stress again that there is a very real distinction between a sexual fantasy and reality. But from how eloquently you expressed your thoughts, it seems to me that you understand the distinction intellectually, you are just turned off by the police state theme of the setting. Then this is not going to be for you, I'm afraid.

I've ran into a bit of writer's block with this story, so I am actually working on something that doesn't take part in this universe at the moment. If you like my style (I still don't see why, I hate my own writing), you are probably going to enjoy it.
