Five Girls Wait IN LINE ALL NIGHT LONG! - a HORROR Omorashi story

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2018-01-15 23:07

**WARNING: This story contains extreme female desperation, wetting, bouncing around while waiting in line, and a fictional condition known as Explosive Bladder Syndrome. Explosive bladder syndrome is when a character’s bladder bursts and along with that they too explode. It is NOT bloody or gore. It is like when you see a character in Spongebob fall off a cliff and explode. Or you see Looney Toons explode with dynamite. You know they’re ok, but the fear is still there. So I hope this story is both good and a turn on.**

CHAPTER 1

Jackie was a twenty-seven year old girl with tan skin, brown hair, she was not very skinny but was not fat. Her hips were rock hard, and a good size in her short shorts, tight jeans, or naked. Her boobs were a good size as well. She got home late that night from work wearing skin tight blue jeans that pressed hard on her waist and caused much bladder pains due to her already being filled with loads of pee. She had on a tight white t-shirt with a band logo on the front. It was some gray squares and red and pink blocks across them for the design. She struggled to get her keys in the door to unlock them due to her focus being taken away for her bladder.

She felt like she was going to explode any second. She could usually hold a lot in and it took a lot to make her squirm or potty dance. She had not gone since this morning and worked four extra hours today which meant more coffee as well. She had her hair tied in a ponytail. She kicked open the door of her house and ran in, kicked her heels off, and ran for the bathroom. “Gotta pee, gotta pee!”

She burst through the bathroom door and froze in place, her knees tight inwards as her legs wobbled. Her roommate Allison was in there brushing her teeth. They were the same age as other girls in the house. Allison had sort of tan skin, freckles on her face, short blonde hair, red pajama pants and a black t-shirt. “Hey!” she said. Jackie tried to maintain focus as she hated others knowing she was in bladder pains. Allison continued, “I’m not even done brushing my teeth.”

Jackie grabbed on to the side counter, held herself up trying to look normal as sweat formed on her forehead. Her legs tight together and right foot on the tip of toes. She said, “S-S-sorry Allison. You almost done?” God, her bladder was about to burst right now. She could feel her pee fighting to exit, and every second she held off, but her muscles were weakening.

“I’m alright,” Allison said. She turned the sink on and washed her mouth out. The sight of running water increased Jackie’s desperation by a lot as sweat leaked down her face. The foot that was on its tipped toes waved back and forth on them as she struggled to keep her girlhood closed. “How about you?”

“I…me, hm?” Jackie could not form words. She usually could have a full bladder for hours before she would struggle, but it was so full it hurt and made her cry a little. “Allison I’m sorry but can I have the bathroom?”

“Sure,” Allison said. “Let me just pee first, I am DYING!” she laughed. Jackie froze as a chill went down her spine, watching Allison pull down her pants, spread her legs, and sit on the toilet, letting out a large stream of pee. Allison let out a sigh of relief as the raging sound of pee splashing in toilet water made Jackie shake and cross her legs. Just watching another girl go and do what she so craved right now…GOD! She needed that toilet and she needed it now.

Allison flushed the toilet and it almost caused Jackie to collapse. Allison washed her hands and left. Jackie was about to close the door but Someone pushed it and grabbed her arm. It was Lily. Kind of a chunky girl as well in black short shorts and pink tight top on her big breasts. She was crossed-leg about to explode. “Hey! There’s a line Jackie.”

Jackie looked behind Lily and nearly died from the shock. Behind Lily was Joane. A tall, athletic girl in tight gray short shorts around her butt and a tight purple shirt muscle shirt that showed her clean arms. She held her crotch as she bounced. Behind her was Alexa. A girl with black, curly hair, freckles and crossed her legs and bounced in her green night dress. At the very end was Emily. A sort of short girl with black smooth hair and very cute. She had a very light tan skin tone and white short shorts with a black t shirt. She tapped her foot.

FOUR PEOPLE! Jackie had to hold it her boiling pot of pee behind four people!

TO BE CONTINUED….

*002*2018-01-16 01:04

Just added one more character!

*004*2018-01-16 15:41

### AGAIN this is FICTION. None of this is real and it was NOT based on anything real as well. This is me combining my fetish with my love for horror and slasher film. ###

CHAPTER 2

Jackie could not believe she missed that whole line on her way in. She was DYING TO PEE. Eventually Lily grabbed her and threw her to the back of the line. You couldn't blame Lily as in her tight black short shorts and pink top she too had been bursting the whole time Allison took her time to get ready. She was biting her lips, crossed leg, swearing and moaning by the time she got our and Jackie almost took it from her.

"God I'm about to explode," Lily said as she made her way into the bathroom. But the door shut. Lily was stunned. She tried to open it but it was locked tight. "What the....shit!"

"What's wrong?" Jackie asked, squirming a little at the end of the line. She along with Emily, Alexa, Joane, all looked worried as confused as to what just happened with the door. Poor Emily had her arms crossed on her chest tight as he belly became tense and smooth foot tapped harder in the floor.

Emily said, "Mmmmm....why you close the door?" There was strain in her voice that showed she was using a lot of strength holding in her load.

Lily said with her legs shaking, "I didn't! It closed in its own."

"Oh come on!" Alexa cried.

Allison yelled from her room, "Guys what the heck is goi-" she was cut off as the lights in the house turned off. Power dead.

"The hell?" Joane questioned.

They heard laughing coming from Allisons room, but it was not Allison they heard. The girls all ran to Allisons room other than Jackie who was keeping her body slouched and legs tight to the crotch together as she held it in. She went for the bathroom door and tried to open it. "Oh......why?" She was in so much pain and embarrassment.

"Oh my God!" She heard the girls yelled and Jackie stumbled into Allisons room. All she saw was Allisons clothes that she was wearing on the floor. But no Allison. The room also smelled like piss.

"What happened?" Jackie asked.

Alexa turned, shaking in fear. "Allison....she exploded. She was holding her crotch, belly expanding and she went boom. She burst with her bladder."

"How's that possible?" Jackie asked. She and all the girls could barely stay still as their desperation hit them harder and harder.

They heard a laugh again. They turned around and jumped back at the sight: a tall clown dressed in a black witch costume. The gown, pointy hat, classic wizard of oz stuff. "Thats how my magic works ladies. Hold in your pee, or BOOM!" It let out an insane laugh as the girls screamed for their night of terror.

TO BE CONTINUED.....

*006*2018-01-16 20:23

CHAPTER 3

As the girls stood in fear in front of the insane clown witch, the final roommate in the house was waking up. Her name was Lexi. She was not very tall, but very hot. She had smooth, tan legs, brown dark hair tied up, black short shorts and a white pajama t shirt.

Lexi woke up after dreaming she was on a boat in the middle of the ocean but, she was so desperate to pee. The ocean did not make it less painful so she woke up with a bad ache in her bladder. “Oooohh....I gotta PEE!” She blurred out.

She ran to the one bathroom in the house and banged on the door. It was locked tight. Lexi held her crotch and was bent over as she felt her bladder would pop any second. She heard voices coming from Allison’s room.

Lexi walked down the hall and saw someone dark standing in the doorway. The rest of her friends were in the room. She asked, “Guys what’s going-“. But the clown witch turned around and spooked her. Lexi jumped back in tears as the shock sent shivers down her spine and her knees turned inwards as her hands grabbed her crotch trying to plug herself up. “Oh man I’m gonna pee my pants!” She had to get away from this monster walking up to her. With her full bladder it was impossible so she spread her legs just to let it go.

“NOOOO!” Her friends yelled. Joane and Emily ran up to Lexi and pulled her up off the floor by her arms, pushed against her legs to keep them closed, and then held her crotch. Keeping the pee inside like that when it was about time on come out caused a huge cramp through Lexis little belly. She yelled in agony and bladder discomfort.

”Let me go!” Lexi cried. “I gotta pee!”

”Hold her,” Emily said as she let go of Lexi and grabbed a baseball bat leaned against the wall. She swung it at the clown witch, hitting it on the head. It let out a screech of pain and vanished. “Everyone ok,” Emily asked.

Although all of them still had to pee like crazy and were about to blow, maybe...”Nice shot Emily,” Lily said with her arms around herself and bouncing.

”Thanks,” Emily said. Quickly remembering she had to pee like a waterfall and twisted her legs and plugged up her crotch again. “Now let’s find a way to get in that bathroom already!”

”Let me go!” Lexi yelled. She hit Joane in the face and ran to the bathroom. “I gotta pee now.” Her eyes watered as she wrestled with the door knob. “Allison hey out!”

”Allison isn’t in there,” Jackie said. “She...she’s gone. That clown thing said she wasn’t done peeing cause I was watching and I guess....boom.”

”Wha...what?” Lexi asked.

Joane, barely able to keep still as her legs squirmed around explained. “That clown thing. It’s a bladder demon. It told us befor you showed up in Allison’s room it cast a spell on te whole house. It locked all the doors and windows, cut the power, and if we pee our pants we’ll explode! Like Allison.”

Lexis eyes went wide. “That’s...that’s insane! What do we do then?”

”It-it-it said it wouldn’t stop until there was one of us left,” Lily struggled to say through her bladder pulses that grew more frequently.

“But we’re-EEEE!” Emily screeched as she bent down and kicked one foot back holding in her pee. “We’re not going to wait. We have to fight it. It said we have to pee in a toilet as well. So we can’t go in the floor or in a plant. It won’t come out.”

Poor Jackie could barely hear what they were saying. She once held it in for a nine hour road trip without a rest stop. She did not ache or moan once. So you know it was bad when she had her legs crossed tight, slowly bouncing, sweating and her vision blurry. She held herself up by holding onto a counter top. Her bladder was so FULL and sooooo HEAVY!

TO BE CONTINUED.....

*008*2018-01-18 12:38

Wish more read it...

*011*2018-01-18 21:50

CHAPTER 4

Lily stood in front of her friends. Seeing them all squirming and barely able to stand due to the full weights of their bladders was harsh. It reminded her how bad she needed to pee. And man oh man she did have to pee. So bad! Lily has her arms around herself and knees inwards. She was so tense and hated how a few minutes ago she was LITERALLY the next person in line to go. She was about to walk in after standing with a swollen bladder she came back from dinner with. She came back from that dinner, got home and felt like the urge to pee. But instead of going she had three rounds of sex with the guy she met at dinner, and he left and Lily was going to go then, but decided to get another drink. By the time she got to the bathroom Allison has occupied it.

NOW she felt her bladder pulsing outwards of her body ready to explode pee out of her. She NEEDED to HOLD IT IN! Because if any of them peed their pants BOOM the curse would cause them to explode.

Lily said, “The curse will end when the sun is up in the morning. Until then, unless we can kill this witch clown, no one can...c-can p-p-peeee...”

Lexi, still shaking from having almost released her pee and now on the verge of popping, had one tan leg dangling over the other with her foot shaking as she cried. “Oooooooh I can’t last that long! I don’t want to explode! There’s so much I haven’t gotten to do.”

“We gotta hunt this thing, now!” Joane demanded.

They agreed. Lily led them downstairs and to the living room. Everyone immediately jumped on the couches pushing each other just so they could sit and cross their legs. Emily was wiggling around as her legs flapped over each other, and Joane had her knees crossed and up to her chest.

Poor Lexi was on the ground on her side legs twisted. She knew she wasn’t going to make it. She simply could not hold it all her pent up boiling pee.

Lily walked over and picked her up, feeling a massive weight on her painful bladder. “Ahh!”

She dropped Lexi to the ground, and Lexi pulled her legs to her chest and crossed them.

The clown witch appeared and made a horrifying laugh that made all the girls jump in shock and grab their crotches.

“Getting hard to hold?” The clown witch said. “Try to relax. Think about peaceful scenes like lakes, waterfalls,” the clown continued then to make water pouring noises with its mouth.

All the girls were about to pee their pants. Lexi cried on the ground knowing her time was almost up. “Not like this! No no nooooo!” She shook like hell.

Lily bounced off the ground, legs crossed holding her crotch. She sweat across her face. “Th-Th-this cccan’t be HAPpening....She was losing it. It was coming....

“NOOOOO!” Yelled Joane. Everyone watched as she jumped up grabbing herself but sadly her bladder has given out. “No, I can’t stop this can’t happen!” She had a face of fear and shock as pee leaked out of her and flooded the ground. She knew what was coming after. She couldn’t take joy in relief as she felt herself falling out of reality. Her panties were soaked and short shorts ruined. She covered her mouth and held her belly crying feeling the danger about to come nest. She felt her body filling up more and more and then BOOM! Joane had popped. She explodes all over the place. No blood, nothing scary like that, but she was gone.

The clown witch laughed as it vanished into thin air.

TO BE CONTINUED....

*014*2018-01-22 13:53

Thank you everyone BUT I have done story trades with people on here. And I don’t think I’ll be working on this one anymore.

Someone won’t hold up ther end of a deal we made. I held up mine . But first they made me change the idea they were going to write for me. As in I wrote what they wanted but they weeks later said they won’t do mine anymore. It’s a shame. Now I can’t even get this new topic I had to give them. I love this site but I don’t like being screwed.

Sorry. But I don’t see why I should finish a project someone wanted if I can’t get what I wanted out of something agreed upon.

*017*2018-01-29 14:53

Hey everyone . So while another user did screw me over, someone on this thread kindly fulfilled my request. Therefore I will continue this story soon.

