Training the Maid

Author: Riverstone76

*009*2021-07-22 19:52

Chapter 10:

All day, Sunday, the little girl was called an eight year old, but the way they fussed with her touching her own clothes, even just to change into play clothes after church, it was like they were treating her like a three year old. They didn’t even let her play by herself in her room, but made her take her toys and stuff to the living room where they could watch her, and they put up her crayons and other marking things on her because she was too immature for them at the moment. She was only allowed her dollies and stuffies.

At story time for the night, Uncle had made the story especially tame as though she was too immature to hand a real fight in the story, and gave her special kissing magic, hugging magic, and glance cutesy magic to attack the monsters with.

This version of playing out a story was not really that much fun for her, but she knew that they were just making her suffer the full wrath of what it was to be like if she was treated like a toddler, and as her aunt had told her earlier that day, if she did this again, she would be treated like a toddler for a week.

Despite the story being much less engaging and almost a chore, or maybe because of it, Mariela found herself drifting off to sleep while only on her second bottle of cola. They always gave her cola at night, telling her the caffeine would help their little niece act like their little helpless niece.

Mariela woke up sometime before she had to be up, and she sighed and went to the bedroom door. She remembered the day before, the horrible events glued to her mind as she stood in front of the door. She looked down at the carpet, which was dry, but still, she remembered the exact spot where her nightmare of the day before had started. She would never ever do that again!

Shaking her head, she walked out into the hall, and decided to head down to the kitchen to wait for her aunt there. There was no point in going towards the bathroom. Her Uncle or Aunt would change her for school when she was ready, and she knew she wasn’t allowed to take off her diaper until it was removed for her.

The day before, though it was really tough on her, to teach her a lesson for being irresponsible earlier in the day, Mariela knew, it could have been a lot worse. As it was, she was forced to wear a pull up all day, and she had accidentally wet the pull up twice, well, not the same one. The other three times she had to go, she was taken to the potty in time. Her aunt warned her though, that if she made a habit of becoming like a toddler, that she might not be able to do meet her demands so regularly, so it was better if she tried to get to the potty like a good big kid.

Mariela nodded in agreement at her thinking back. Her aunt was right. It was better getting to the potty like a good big kid.

Her Aunt was actually already up, and was making breakfast. Uncle Steve was reading the newspaper at the table.

“Did you wet on purpose again?” her aunt asked her.

“No, Auntie.”

“You better not be lying. Steve check and see if she’s lying.”

“But, I didn’t…,” Mariela put her hands on her hips looking up at Susan.

“Mariela,” Steve looked at her sternly.

“What? I didn’t wet!”

“Then let your uncle check.”

“How he going to do that? You made me wet the bed last night,” she told them.

Both of the adults laughed at her when she said that.

“We made you?” Steve asked her looking her in the eye.

“Ye… yeah,” Mariela stumbled over her words as Steve looked into her eyes the glare making her feel like she was going to lose not only her nerve, but her morning flooding into her diaper.

Steve stood up.

Mariela looked down at her shoes, but she tried to keep her ground all the same. It was stupid that her aunt had punished her day before for wetting her pants just inside her room. They were going to make her pee her diaper anyway, and as of yet, her diaper was not yet, wet in, well, not since her nightly accident.

Steve reached over and made to swat her butt, but she moved just in time, and his hand sliced at the air.

“Mariela, you’re just making it worse for yourself, her uncle warned her. Get over here, or I’m going to spank!”

Wait! Didn’t he just try to swat her, though?

He reached out a second time, and this time, his hand caught her on the butt, and she nearly spun by the power of his slap to her thigh, and she fell to the floor, the stinging sharply shredding through her nerves to let her know that he had caught her, and that he meant business.

“Now, stand up, and get in my lap, right now, or you’ll really get it!”

Mariela felt some pee spray her diaper from the inside after a moment or two sitting on the floor, the sharpness still sending pain signals to her brain.

Timidly, she stood up and looked up at him, sorrow in her eyes.

“I’m… I’m wetting my pants,” she told them. “It’s cause… cause… it stings, and I had to go, and I can’t stop.”

She started crying.

“Check her and make sure she’s telling the truth,” Susan told him. “Her butt should be soggy and little warmer if she’s not lying.”

Steve nodded and as he lifted her up into his lap, he felt the back of her diaper closer to her thighs. She was wet, and it was starting to leak so that her pajama bottoms were also damp.

“Her pajamas are getting wet,” Steve announced to both of them.

“Now, see what you did?” Susan asked Mariela who raised her thumb to suck on to pacify her as she waited for her auntie to explain. “If you had just done what you were told, you would not have been spanked, and you might not have even gotten your pajama bottoms wet.”

Mariela started to sob around her thumb.

Auntie and Uncle Steve were the ones that were causing her pajamas to get wet, and the little wetness that Uncle had discovered moments before didn’t stop. It was spreading even as she sat in his lap. Soon, he would be discovering she was wetting right in his lap, and it was his and auntie’s fault for not letting her go to the toilet, even if she does wet the bed now.

It wasn’t long before he realized what she was doing, or what her body, rather, was doing to both of them, and getting him wet, and he lifted her up a bit by under the arms and checked under her and saw a drizzling line of pee pouring right through her pajama and down into his lap.

“This little kid just wet her pants on me,” Steve complained to Susan.

“Well, as you just said, she is a little kid. Take her to her room and get her dressed. I’ll have breakfast finished soon.”

Steve sighed and lifted the still leaking girl up and into his arms, and he carried her up the stairs.

“You know, it is one thing to have an accident, Mariela. An accident is not your fault, even if you are wetting all over my lap. But what you did yesterday, wetting your pants on purpose not even telling anyone you had to use the bathroom before letting it go all over yourself… that is very much like a baby. That’s why you were wearing pullups yesterday, and why we were checking you this morning….”

Mariela hung her head.

Uncle Steve put her on her bed.

“I’m not even that mad you peed on me,” he told her. “Because… I am hoping that was an accident.”

“It was,” Mariela tried to sniffle through her thumb.

“But I will not have you causing trouble on purpose. If you wet your pants at school, even once, and I find out you did it on purpose, your whole class will see you in a diaper. Do you understand me?”

Mariela nodded, shaking, afraid he was going to swat her again.

He turned to her dresser and started looking through her clothes.

“You were a very bad little girl, yesterday,” Uncle Steve told her. “And no, I don’t mean you were mischievous or even evil. I mean… you were a very unskilled child. You were just like a toddler, so we treated you like one.”

Mariela nodded.

“Now, you are going to be a good girl, come over and let me remove those wet pajamas, your soaked diaper, and then let me slip your clean panties on.”

“What about a bath?”

“You don’t have time for a bath. You peed all over your pajamas, so I also need to change and take a shower because you peed on me. The shower is going to be used, and if we both take one, you are going to be late for school, making the rest of us late for work.”

Mariela looked down. “Okay.”

Mariela was sure the punishment could have been a lot worse. They could have made her wear the wet diaper to school, but maybe they wouldn’t have. Still, they could have put her in a pullup, with the same rules as yesterday. She is not allowed to touch if she’s wearing a diaper or even a pullup. She had to go to an adult to ask permission to get help if she’s in a pullup, and if she’s in a diaper, she will just be ignored until she wets her pants…. AT least…, she is in a pair of green panties with little cartoons of ponies all over them.

The girl was put into a pair of pink jeans, and Steve put an undershirt on her, one that was sufficient to cover her very small chest, but still, it made her feel… well, not much like even a middle school kid. It made her feel like she was under ten years old again. And… he put her in a light blue and white horizontal broad band striped polo shirt.

“Now, go eat breakfast,” he told her, his hand catching only air as he swiped towards her bottom again to send her on her way. And just like he had said, he went directly to take a shower. She had peed on him, after all. What did she expect?

“Eat,” Susan told her sternly.

Mariela got a chill from the way that auntie told her to eat, so quietly, and yet so clearly. Would Auntie be mad if she back talked? She wasn’t about to find out.

Mariela felt dirty. She knew she had to smell. She was still stinking from not having a shower from wetting the bed, and then her morning pee, as always, going into her diaper, but she had gotten it on Uncle, so he needed a shower instead of her. She felt so dirty.

The car approached her school. She felt her head had a little water along the hairline. She was probably worrying too much, but then again, if anyone picked up that she smelled like she peed, last Friday’s incident would likely resurface so vividly in everyone’s mind, she would not be able to stand it for even half an hour. She trembled a bit as she stepped out of the car.

“Now, you be a good girl, and don’t you dare wet your pants on purpose,” her aunt told her before letting her walk towards the building. She hoped her aunts words had not been heard by anyone.

The poor girl nearly leapt from her skin when someone came up from behind her.

“Miss me?”

Mariela looked behind her, her thumb going right into her mouth at the sudden surprise.

“Oh,” Jenna frowned when Mariela put her thumb there. “You… you still do that, huh?”

Mariela started to ask what, but then because of it being in the way of her talking, she realized where her thumb was, and took it out of her mouth and wiped it on her shirt. “Um… you just surprised me,” she turned red. “I… I get nervous and I… I do that when I get nervous.”

“It’s not a big deal,” Jenna told her. “I bite my nails when I get nervous. Let’s get some cinnamon rolls. Want one?”

“I don’t have any money, Jenna.”

“So? I have enough for two, and you really need to taste these. They are the only decent breakfast item the school serves, and they are only made on Mondays.”

“Oh…,” Mariela looked down. “But I don’t even know if or when I can pay you back.”

“Now, now, friends don’t talk like that,” she said. “No one needs to pay anyone back for a little kindness. I scratch your back today, and if I need help with something tomorrow, then you scratch my back. You know?”

Mariela frowned. “Okay?”

Jenna didn’t let her raise anymore objections. Every time she went to open her mouth, all the way into the cafeteria, she put her finger on her lips and said, “Not one word.”

Mariela was nervous about everyone looking at her. Friday’s incident kept looming up to the fore of her mind, and she wondered how many people were seeing that incident, as they looked and saw her sitting there. She wondered how many people were talking about how dirty she was, or how much of a baby she was. She wondered how many people noticed that she smelled like pee, even now.

First period was nerve wracking. Uncle had not put a pad in her panties before school today. They were both preoccupied with how late she was making everyone. She noticed now. She hoped that her period was finished, but there was a chance, she would still leak some. It was only the fourth day.

Having been homeless for four months, she forgot what even worrying about having a pad was like. She forgot that it was embarrassing to not have one, in public, until she found herself here at school on Friday without one. And now, she knew she really should have one on just in case, but she had not put one on. What was she going to do?

Somehow, nothing happened though, or at least, nothing that anyone noticed.

Mariela didn’t even get teased about smelling like pee, and the more the day went on, the more confident that she was that no one remembered what happened no Friday, and that no one smelled her little morning problem. She would be in her auntie’s car soon, on her way back to their house. Maybe she could ask auntie to take an early bath.

Once Mariela was in the car, enclosed in a small space with just her and her aunt, she started to row down the window. She knew she smelled bad. She wondered how no one at school realized how much she smelled like pee.

“What are you doing?” Aunt Susan asked when she looked back and saw the girl rowing down the window.

“Um… I… I stink,” the little girl said with her head down. “I didn’t take a bath this morning, remember? Uncle got peed on, so he had to take a shower, so I couldn’t.”

Susan frowned.

“Are you sure you didn’t wet at school?”

“I promise, I didn’t Auntie. I just smell really bad because I peed this morning and didn’t get to take a bath. I promise.”

Susan sighed.

“Well, I hope you learned your lesson about peeing on purpose in your room or anywhere else.”

“I did. I promise.”

“I suppose we should have at least wiped you up or something. If you feel that icky, then auntie will give you a bath as soon as we get home, baby.”

“Thank you.”

“You’re sure your panties are not wet?”

“Um… not with pee. I promise.”

“What do you mean, not with pee, honey? What else would they be wet with?”

“Uncle forgot to put a pad on me this morning when he changed me. I… I think I have some… that stuff in my panties.”

Susan sighed. “Honey, you should have told me that uncle forgot. He’s not a girl, honey. He doesn’t know much about how long we need to wear those, and he doesn’t think about it unless you tell him or he sees an accident caused by it.”

Mariela just looked down.

“Did it get all over your pants again?”

“No. It’s just in my panties this time, I think.”

“Okay. Well, next time tell your uncle he needs to put one on you, or if you are embarrassed to ask him to do it, come and get me and tell me you need to have one on because uncle forgot.”

Mariela nodded.

Mariela was quite relieved to get a bath, and when her aunt saw her panties, she smiled at her niece and showed her that they weren’t even red anywhere, and that she worried for no reason.

And it seemed that for a few days, other than waking up wet every morning and having a morning accidental pee in her diaper when she ate breakfast, there were not anymore problems.

Then, it was Friday, after school.

Mariela was at her locker, putting her books away, and deciding what she’d need for the weekend to do her homework. That’s when Jenna came up and tapped her on the shoulder.

“Want to come with my mom and me shopping tomorrow?” she asked.

“Um… I’m not sure I’m allowed,” Mariela frowned. “I didn’t even get to ask my aunt.”

“Your aunt is picking you up from school like always, isn’t she?”

“Yeah….”

“How about I come and ask her with you? I’ll just tell her I just found out my mom was taking me tomorrow, and I thought I’d invite you because you’re the new girl at school, and I know you don’t have many friends yet.”

Mariela looked down. “Okay.”

“Mrs. Wayfeld?” the energetic slender black girl danced around waiting for the aunt to get out of the car to see what was going on.

“It’s just Miss or Ms.” Susan said. “I’m not married yet.”

“Oh, well, I just thought… Mariela always talks about her aunt and uncle, so I just thought….”

“That’s okay. So, what is it you wanted, honey?”

“Well, tomorrow, my mom and I are going shopping, and even after a week and a half, Mariela doesn’t really have any friends at school, so I thought it would be nice if she can come with my mom and me.”

“Well, I don’t know,” Susan frowned. “I really should talk to her uncle first about this. Do you have a phone number I can call you back after we make a decision?”

“Yeah, just a minute. Mariela doesn’t have a cell phone?”

“No. I didn’t think about getting her one yet.”

“Do you have one?”

Susan frowned. “It’s not for personal calls. I use my home phone for personal calls, honey.”

“Oh, okay, so… um… let me just pull up my phone number here….”

The girl got her phone all set up to her personal display information, an then she showed Aunt Susan.

“Wait a moment,” Susan said. “Mariela, do you have a place you can write this number down in your notebooks so you have the number, and so I can see it when we get home and then I can write it down where we will both have access to it?”

Mariela looked through her bag and pulled out her school booklet that had school rules on it, and she presented the back to her aunt. “We can use this,” she said.

“I’ll have Mariela call you tonight after we discuss it and give you an answer. How late can we call you on a Friday night?”

“Oh, my mom doesn’t care on Friday or Saturday. You can call me anytime you want.”

“That’s not good,” Susan mumbled. “Well, we’ll call you before nine, honey. If we haven’t decided before that, then we’ll try again tomorrow morning before nine.”

“Nine? Oh, okay.”

Susan sighed and she looked back at Mariela once they were on the way home.

“You want to go with your new friend?” she asked her.

Mariela looked down. “I’m… I’m not really twelve, Auntie. I’ll do whatever you want. I don’t need twelve year old friends.”

Susan frowned as she drove. She didn’t say anything for several blocks. Then she stopped at a light, turned to face Mariela, and she tightened her mouth.

“Honey, you need to pull off being twelve in every way you can, or the authorities will know something is off, whether you stay with Uncle Steve and me, or you get placed somewhere else. Do you want to end up back on the streets, only to find yourself in Mexico instead of the States at the same time?”

Mariela shook her head no.

“Then, you need to convince yourself that you are twelve years old. You need to make friends with kids of that age, or maybe your uncle and I should find a special school for special needs kids for you?”

Mariela frowned and looked down. “I’ll try.”

“I’ll talk to Steve about this tonight, and we’ll decide what is the best thing, but honey, if you go with this girl and her mom shopping, you are not to leave their side. You stay right next to them, and don’t let your friend drag you away from adult supervision. You need adult supervision to use the toilet at the mall.”

“I do?”

“Honey, you are not used to going potty in public places. That McDonalds person really scared you, not to mention you are not used to going potty in places besides school and our home because when you were on the streets, a lot of people would shoo ‘dirty people’ away, especially when you were not with your mom, so you either peed behind buildings where people might not see you, or you found places where you were not near anyone. If you didn’t, then you just peed your pants.”

Mariela looked down at her shoes.

“Okay, Auntie Susan. I won’t leave the mom’s side. I promise.”

“Good girl.”

*010*2021-07-22 21:56

Chapter 11:

“I don’t know,” Uncle Steve was saying when they picked him up from work and they started for home. “Mariela is barely used to us, and having her suddenly go on some shopping trip with a friend, what if she has a problem while she is out?”

Susan nodded. “She is supposed to be twelve years old. We don’t want people to talk, and people to think we mistreat her.”

“No, I guess you’re right about that,” he looked to the backseat at his little baby niece.

“Mariela, is your pants wet?” he asked her.

“No?” she pleaded remembering how they had been so insistent on checking her that Monday before school. “I didn’t. I promise.”

Steve turned back to Susan. “She’s not even, really, you know, trained the way I want her yet. It’s kind of early to start having her spend time with people outside of school.”

“Steve, is she supposed to just stay home all the time and just….”

“Just what?” Steve looked over at Susan, Susan was the one that was driving.

“Well, she’s supposed to be a little middle school girl. It’s not natural to keep her in the house all the time.”

“I don’t know, Susan,” and he looked back at the little twenty-three year old baby girl again. “Mariela, honey, you sure you’re not wet?”

Mariela looked down. She couldn’t tell if she was supposed to be wet or not, but she knew if she did it on purpose, she would definitely be in trouble. She started to wiggle her legs, to make sure Steve thought she was holding it. If she was going to have to wet her pants, it better be an accident. She knew that.

“I didn’t wet,” she told her weird Uncle Steve. “Honest.”

He nodded and turned back to the front.

Susan looked over at Steve, and Steve nodded at her, but Mariela wasn’t sure what that even meant.

Mariela kept wiggling her legs now, even though she really didn’t have to pee that badly. She was nervous that if she stopped wiggling, and if something didn’t go right, that she would be in trouble for wetting her pants. If something did happen, and if they thought she was wiggling for a while, maybe they wouldn’t accuse her of wetting on purpose.

Mariela put her thumb in her mouth.

Steve turned back and faced her.

“Mariela, your aunt is right. You probably should get out of the house more, but we need to talk about the rules if you are going to see your friend tomorrow.”

Mariela looked down. She would almost have preferred Steve to deny her permission to see her friend. She wasn’t sure how easy it would be to act twelve years old outside of school.

“Public potties are scary, aren’t they?” Steve asked her as they were still in the car, not too far from their house now.

Mariela looked down and nodded, not sure what he was going to tell her to do. Was this something about having her insist that someone go in with her when she goes potty?

“If you go out with your friend, shopping, I don’t know, how long do you think she’ll want to stay out shopping?”

Mariela shrugged.

“When I was a young girl,” Susan smiled, “I remember staying out for four or five hours.”

Steve frowned. “It’s not going to be easy for her to be out more than three hours, though, Susan. If she is, she might wet her pants.”

“Do you really think she’d wet her pants in front of her friend?”

“I don’t know,” Steve looked back at Mariela. “The little one has been on the streets for a long time, and she’s still not that comfortable around public toilets.”

“So, what are you saying Steve?”

“I’m saying that if the little one wets herself tomorrow, you shouldn’t get mad at her, even if it looks on purpose. Just let her do it….”

“But….”

“I don’t think it’s right to let her go out in public like that, and then get mad at her if she ends up wetting her pants. She’s still scared of public places, and she’s not going to know that mother that well either, so it’s not the same as you taking her potty.”

Susan frowned. “So, you want to give her permission, to just sit there and pee her pants, just like that?”

“Honey, I’m not saying that. She’s going to be really uncomfortable. It’s not going to be on purpose, Susan. She’s a scared little girl. She’s definitely going to wet her pants while she’s shopping, honey. It’s just a given. Unless you go with her and take her potty.”

Mariela frowned. She was starting to understand. Steve wanted her to wet her pants, in front of her friend and her friend’s mom. She shivered a bit at the thought.

“It’s either that, or she just doesn’t go tomorrow,” Steve told Susan. “She should not be going in public until she is comfortable anyway.”

“We can’t keep her cooped up in the house, Steve. Fine, let her just wet her pants, but I’ll put a pull up on her in the morning.”

“That’s a good idea. Let her wear a pull up and we’ll give the other girl’s mom a second pull up and explain to her that Mariela is still kind of scared of new places and people, and she is probably going to pee her pants.”

Steve then looked into Mariela’s eyes.

“I will not let Auntie Susan call it being on purpose, tomorrow baby. You have permission to just wet your pull up. I know you’re still scared to go potty in public places by yourself, and you don’t even know that other woman that well, that will be taking you and your friend shopping.”

“What if my friend finds out I wet my pants, though?” Mariela asked thinking that not only was she trying to get permission to not wet her pants, but also thinking even a regular twelve year old would be worried about it, too.

“Your friend is going to find out,” Steve told her. “That’s a given, baby. Just tell her you had an accident. If you want, we can talk with both the mom and the girl for a bit before they take you shopping, that way, they know what to expect.”

“But she’ll tell everyone at school that I pee my pants,” Mariela told him as Susan pulled the car into the driveway.

“Do you really think she’ll be that mean to you if we explain to her that you can’t help it? I honestly think if she is any kind of friend that cares about you, she’d help you rather than want to embarrass you at school.”

Mariela just looked down.

“We’ll discuss this some more later.”

Susan got out and headed for the door while Steve got out and went around to pick his little niece up and carry her.

“I gotta pee,” Mariela whispered to him.

“Honey, don’t let your auntie hear you say it like that. You’re not a little baby eight year old anymore. You can tell me you gotta go without spelling it out, sweetheart.”

“Sorry, Uncle.”

“I’m sorry, but I think your auntie is going there, first, so you’ll just have to wait, or if you are already wetting your diaper, just tell me.”

He felt her bottom anyway as he carried her.

Mariela blushed. She could tell he sort of wanted her to have an accident. She didn’t know why she knew that’s what he wanted, but maybe it was because he kept asking her if she was wet, and now, he was trying to feel her pants to see if she was wet at all.

She decided to purposefully accidentally leak a little bit against his hand as he was feeling for wetness.

Uncle Steve carried her to the living room, his hand still rubbing her bottom and he was whispering to her that she was a good little girl that never wets on purpose, but it’s okay if she wets on accident.

She sprayed on his hand a little bit, and when she thought it went enough to get his hand wet, she tried to turn it off, only it wouldn’t turn off. She kept peeing….

Mariela sniffled and brought her thumb to her mouth as she tried to close her legs but they were separated around Uncle’s body as he carried her. He felt her wet a little, she was sure of it. Then she wet more and more, and she was sure she was getting him wet, but he just rocked her as she continued to leak in her pants.

After what seemed like forever, the spraying that was turning itself on and off against her will, finally stopped, and she was soaked. She knew he had to be soaked, and there was not only a trail of dribbles from the dining area to the living room, but also a puddle where he had started to rock her. she was staring to cry around her thumb.

“Oh, baby. I knew you were trying to hold it in the car,” Steve told her. “It’s okay. It was just an accident, baby.”

Susan soon came out and saw her crying, and she looked at her wet niece, the drizzling trail to where Uncle was rocking her, and the lake under them, and she sighed shaking her head. Her niece had wet her pants. Mariela hoped she believed it was on accident.

“We need to clean her up anyway,” Susan told Steve. “I’m not really sure she had gotten all the way through school dry.”

“What do you mean?” Steve asked her.

“Well, there was no evidence that she had peed, but when she and her friend came up to ask me if she could go shopping with her family, I thought one of them smelled like they peed their pants. I hoped it was the other girl, but….”

Steve nodded. “That would be wishful thinking. Surely, not that many girls have the same developmental issues that our little Mariela has.”

“You’re right.”

Susan reached her hand up to Mariela’s back, and she patted her.

“Tell auntie the truth. Did you wet at school?”

“No?” Mariela pleaded. “Honest. I didn’t.”

“One of you smelled like you peed, honey. If it wasn’t you, then you are accusing your friend of wetting her pants. Did your friend wet her pants?”

“No,” Mariela frowned.

“Honey, it was either you or her….”

“Maybe it was me,” Mariela said. “But I didn’t feel it come out. Honest. I didn’t wet on purpose. Please, believe me. I’d never wet in front of everyone on purpose. And… I didn’t feel wet when I used the toilet at lunch time.”

“It’s okay,” Auntie said patting her back. “But we better give you a bath, okay?”

Mariela nodded.

Mariela was certain she had not peed at school though. She hoped her auntie was just making it up, playing games about what they expected from Mariela. She couldn’t imagine her friend peeing her pants.

Steve took Mariela to the bathroom, and he put her in the bath, and then sitting down to wash the poor little twenty-three year old, he spoke in a soothing voice.

“It’s okay, baby. We know it was an accident in the car,” he told her. “Or well, more like in the living room, really, huh? But we know you didn’t mean to. I know you were trying to hold it in the car, and I didn’t know you wet at school. I kept asking you because you smelled like you might have wet.”

Mariela’s face colored a little at that. She was sure her pants were dry when she came out to see her mom, and didn’t remember leaking at school at all. Maybe she did, and didn’t notice? Maybe?

“Anyway, sweetheart, we’ve decided to let you see your friend and go shopping with her, but I’m going to talk your aunt into letting you wear pullups and a pad in them while you are out. That way, if you are still scared of public potties, because of how mean people used to be to you about it, it won’t be your fault if you wet. You know the rule if you are wearing a diaper, don’t you?”

“I’m not going to take it off by myself, and I have to ask someone I trust that is older than a kid to help me with it.”

“That’s a good girl. We’ll tell the mother that you have issues and explain everything, so if you feel a little bit afraid of her looking at you, you can just come home wet, but if you want, I’ll let you let her help you if you need to change your pullup baby.”

Mariela nodded.

“No potty, though. You may as well just hold it until you get home or you wet your pants because I don’t see you wanting to use the public potty anyway, so there is no reason to put that kind of stress on you to try to force you.”

Mariela nodded.

“You’re a good little girl,” he rubbed her back.

Mariela settled in the bath and let her uncle wash her like he always did when she was upset at wetting her pants.

When Susan came into the bathroom after cleaning up the messes in the other rooms, Steve, still washing her back, turned his head towards her.

“I just gave her permission to go see her friend tomorrow,” he told Susan. “But we’re going to go ahead and put her in pull up because she’s still too nervous of public potties, and we don’t want to stress not only Mariela out, but also the girl’s mom that will be watching her.”

Susan nodded agreeing.

“Do you want to call Mariela’s friend?” he asked Susan.

“Well, I have to get her number from Mariela. Mariela wrote it down on one of her school things in her bag.”

“Well, you can just dig it….”

“No,” Susan told him. “I don’t want Mariela just digging through my things unless I give her permission, and the way we teach her to respect other people’s belongings, is to respect hers.”

“Oh, I guess I never thought of it like that,” Steve frowned. “I’m sorry.”

“Well, once you are done cleaning her up, before you take her down for story time, she and I can call her friend.”

Steve nodded.

“I’ll go start dinner now, so you can give her an earlier story night. It won’t due if she is tired in the morning when her friend comes to pick her up.”

“You’re right.”

Before the little princess knew it, she was already in a night diaper, down at the dinner table finishing her dinner, and her aunt was already asking her for the phone number for her friend.

Mariela went through her bag until she found her school rule book and showed the back cover to her aunt.

“Hello?” Aunt Susan spoke into the phone.

“Hello,” Jenna seemed to have answered, because then there was a long pause, and then Aunt Susan said “Hello” again.

“I know the kids made a very short notice plan on us,” Susan said to the other woman….”

Susan frowned as the woman responded.

“Oh, I see,” Susan said. “So I guess the kids were not really at fault this time, then?”

Mariela tried to pick up more cues.

“Yeah, I’ll have little Mariela ready to go at nine, but I’d like to talk to you a few minutes before you just take off with her. You’ll understand after our talk, but it’s really something that shouldn’t be discussed on the phone.”

Mariela knew what Susan wanted to talk to her about. She was going to likely to tell her to expect Mariela to pee her pants, and that she was going to wear a diaper. Oh well…. Even if Jenna finds out, there is not a lot she can do about it.

Uncle Steve took the little girl down to the story area after that, and getting her settled on his lap with a bottle of cola in her hands, of course they’d make her wet the bed tonight. That was a main part of the idea of who their niece was. Their niece would always wet the bed…. Anyway, with her bottle already in her hands, Uncle reached into his pocket, pulled out his wallet, and kissing his little baby niece on the side of the head, he whispered to her.

“Don’t tell Auntie how much,” he told her. “Don’t lie. Just don’t tell her a number. She knows I was going to give you some spending money, baby.”

Mariela nodded.

Then, he gave her thirty dollars.

“Pick out something you want, and there should be enough to get you lunch besides, okay?”

Mariela smiled and nodded.

She pulled the bottle out of her mouth to ask, “What about the change?”

“You shouldn’t have any change,” he told her. “But if you do, I don’t want to know about it. Use it at school or whatever as you like.”

Mariela nodded.

“Are you still doing a story tomorrow night?” Mariela asked.

“Oh course, baby. And yes, I still expect you to be here for it. If you are too tired to play a cute character, I won’t force you to play a character, I want my little niece in my lap while we are doing this. You need to be seen as a regular part of the group.”

Mariela frowned. There was no way she’d feel comfortable leaving these people. They already had her going to middle school and making connections, they had her involved with his newly made Saturday story group, and from the previous Sunday, she was already accepted into the young women’s church group as well. How could she go back to the streets with no connections, no friends, no one to care about her, with everything that was going on now?

Once she had stuffed her money in a secret cubby in her story area, and she had climbed back on Uncle’s lap, Uncle gave her a light story, one that she really liked, and before she knew it, she was sleeping in his arms like almost every night this last week.

“Did you put the stuff in her bottle?” she thought she heard voice from far off. Her eyes only saw darkness though and her body was completely relaxed.

“Yes, honey, I made sure to give her enough to keep her asleep until she is awakened, and I also gave her that other one this time.”

“The directions say she’ll have to go within an hour, right?”

“That’s what they said,” the other voice echoed into the darkness and the voices seemed a little further away.

Then there was silence.

Again, the girl thought she heard something from very far away. Was it a school bell? Wait, was she sitting in a classroom, having fallen asleep, and having… gross! She felt under her bottom. Did she really? At school? No!

But then it all went black again, and the girl became immune to the sounds and visions of this world.

“Wake up,” Susan shook her little niece trying to wake her.

Mariela finally woke up, and her eyes still a little out of focus, tried to look up into her aunt’s face wondering why her aunt was panicking.

“Honey, we set your alarm. Didn’t you hear it?”

Mariela looked down at her alarm. There was a note on it like last Saturday.

Baby Mariela,

Watch Cartoons until eight, and then wake auntie for your morning bath. Your friend will be here at nine.

Love Auntie.

Mariela looked up at Susan. “What time?”

“It’s almost nine, honey, and you haven’t even had a bath yet. Come on, get out of your bed!”

The doorbell chimed.

“Oh no!” Auntie groaned. “Steve! Get the door?”

Auntie pulled the blankets away from Mariela, and then, Mariela felt something off. She was used to a wet diaper, but this was… this was not pee. It was not her period either. It felt a lot grosser.

Auntie helped her out of bed, and her diaper sagged down, pulling some of the sippery slime down with it from her bottom.

“You pooped your pants?” her aunt asked her without even taking off her pajama bottoms.

Mariela just looked down at the floor. She felt really gross.

“This is bad, honey. Your friend is here, and you are an absolute mess.”

The aunt walked her little niece towards the bedroom door, but Mariela heard people walking up the stairs. They would be between her and the bathroom before she was out of her room. She froze.

“What?” Auntie asked her. “Don’t tell me you are peeing again?”

Mariela put her thumb in her mouth shrugging. Did it matter if she was peeing her pants? She was already really gross.

Susan sighed and walked out of the room without her, and she heard her mom talking to the other people.

“Steve, why’d you let them up here?”

“Jenna, the little friend, wants to use the toilet.”

“Oh no,” Susan frowned and looked down.

“What’s wrong?” Jenna’s mom asked.

“The bathroom is right over there,” she heard Steve tell the friend.

Before Mariela registered what was going on, Susan led the other woman right into her room, where she stood next to the door in her messy pajamas, some of the poop had leaked out the leg area and she knew it was in her pajamas.

“You need to know,” Susan sighed. “I was going to tell you about her anyway today before you left, but I didn’t expect all of us to oversleep, either.”

“Did your little niece…?”

“Yeah, she pooped her pants. I think it was in her sleep, but I’m not sure, and I don’t want to ask in case it wasn’t. She’s already really upset.”

“Okay,” the other woman frowned.

Steve came in the bedroom and he looked down at Mariela, and he frowned.

“You had a bad one this time, huh, baby?”

Mariela looked at the floor, tears in her eyes, and her thumb in her mouth.

“Let’s go to the kitchen,” Susan told the woman. “I’ll explain everything to you. Mariela is used to Steve taking care of her, so he can get her cleaned up after your daughter is out of the bathroom.”

The woman frowned when she heard that Mariela was used to Steve taking care of her.

“Look, I know what you might be thinking,” Susan told her. “But Mariela….” And they continued their talk while they were walking away. Steve waited in the bedroom with his little twenty three year old poopy pants little niece.

There was a knock at her door.

“Come in,” Steve said, and so Jenna opened the door. The girl looked Mariela up and down, and then realized she had pooped her pants.

She walked in, and looking down, she whispered.

“An accident?”

Mariela nodded, tears running down her face.

“Well, you are going to clean up before we go, right?”

Mariela looked up at Steve.

“Of course she is,” he told Jenna. “Go down and wait with your mom, okay? Her Aunt Susan is explaining everything about little Mariela. And I know Mariela would really appreciate it if you didn’t tell people at school about finding her like this.”

“I won’t,” Jenna blushed and looked down. She mumbled.

“I peed the bed this morning, too, so if you don’t tell everyone about me, I won’t tell about you, okay?”

Mariela nodded.

Steve picked Mariela up in his arms, and he pointed the little friend out the door and down the stairs while he took the baby Mariela into the bathroom to clean up.

“Jenna didn’t really pee her pants last night,” Mariela told Steve.

“Why would she lie about that?”

“I don’t know, but she didn’t,” Mariela said to him trying to sound wise.

“Well, I know why she’d lie about it,” he touched her nose as he put her down to run some water in the tub. “She was trying to make you feel better. She was trying to make you feel like you had something on her if she told your school about this, so you would know she wouldn’t.”

Mariela looked down trying to pick apart whether that could be true.

*011*2021-07-23 17:42

Something is kind of off with this story, so I guess that's why not as many people are commenting on it. Maybe I should just... well, I have an idea or concept, but I don't think it is really working....

The Title also probably doesn't really fit with the story. So... sorry if you were following this, but I think I'm going to rewrite it, or possibly even make two different stories, one about going the maid direction and one going a little closer in line to this story line, but tweaking it a bit.

*013*2021-07-27 07:54

{{8 hours ago, JuliusSlouchy said:

I really like this story. I'd really like to see more of Mariela having more accidents, also I'd like to see the plot with shopping with Jenna. Please, don't clancel or change this story.

}}

I was talking with others, and thought maybe this story was missing some stuff, and that it could have been written a lot better, but after taking a while and talking a bit more about it with someone, I've decided to go ahead and continue the story. LOok for Chapter 12 soon....

*015*2021-07-28 05:58

Taken In:

Chapter 12:

Mariela walked along side of Jenna and her mom, towards the large shopping mall, this being the first time she had been inside one in about a year and half. She was a little nervous as she approached the door, sure. All regular businesses these days made her feel a little nervous even if she was a lot cleaner over the last week and a half than she had been in a while.

In the car, Jenna had wanted to know a little bit about what it was like to live on the streets, and Mariela knew she had to play up to Susan and Steve’s story, at least for another few days before she got her papers back, so she tried to tell Jenna what it was like, but for the sake of appearances, made it seem a lot less handy not having a toilet around than she was actually used to.

It was true, she didn’t have a toilet every time she wanted one, but adult 23 year old Mariela had figured out ways to not need one. That was not going to work, however, with the story that Steven and Susan told anyone that would listen. As far as they were concerned, living for two years out on the street had everything to do with why Mariela wets her bed all the time, and why she sometimes has accidents in her pants.

So…, she emphasized how hard it was to keep clean, how many times she didn’t get to eat at night, and whenever she had to pee, she had to find a private place, and more than often, she couldn’t find a private place in time to go, so when she found a private place, she just had to change her wet pants, or rather, her mom did it for her recently because of her hurt arm.

Jenna swallowed up any story that Mariela gave her believing every part of it. Mariela didn’t really try to lie, but she embellished here and there to make it seem scarier than it was, and make it seem a lot harder on a girl than it was, even emphasizing that she sometimes had to just sit there and poop her pants unless she wanted people to notice what she was doing because there was no way she’d get to the toilet in time.

Jenna was quiet and dumbfounded by how hard Mariela made it seem to be on the streets, and the young real twelve year old hugged her mom and whispered up at her. “I’m sorry.”

Amy, her mother looked down at her, as they were walking, and she asked her. “Why?”

“Those times I said living on the streets would be better than following your rules,” Jenna said. “I would never last a week on the street, even with you and dad with me. It’s really hard!”

Amy frowned and nodded.

“Honey, I’m glad you realize how hard living on the streets is, and that some people do have it harder than you, but you don’t need to be sorry for acting out your frustrations. All teens fight with their parents sometimes.”

Jenna nodded and hugged her mom again anyway.

Mariela smiled at the relationship, and started to feel a little… no. She was not jealous. She wasn’t. She didn’t need someone to talk to or to hug or to…. No. She did not.

Soon, they were in the store and looking around a bit as Jenna and Amy tried to figure out what store to go into first. Mariela really didn’t have a preference. Truth be told, she’s rather stay out of the store, out of anyone accusing her of smelling bad, away from expensive things that someone might say she took…. It was a primal feeling from her core, that she always looked around to see where store clerks were, and what they were doing or if they were approaching her or not. The only reason a store clerk had approached her in the last two years, until she started to stay with Susan, was to tell her to get out of the store and to stop hanging around because it would drive customers away.

Once or twice, she has even had her person and her cart or bags searched for presumed missing things from the store, but when they were not found, rather than an apology, they always just shooed her off and told her that she wouldn’t be accused of stealing if she didn’t hang out where she wasn’t welcomed.

As Mariela came within the threshold of the clothing shop that Jenna and her mom finally agreed on going into first, she paused and looked at Jenna unsure she wanted to go in, but then Amy placed her steady hand on the little girl’s shoulder and patted it lightly.

“I’m right here, baby. You’re okay.”

And they coaxed her into the store. Mariela looked down at her skirt, and found herself surprised to be seeing just a clean thing, a nice pink skirt rather than old dingy shorts or a skirt so ripped up that her panties were almost revealed. She knew she had put the pink skirt on that morning before Jenna and her mom took her to the mall, actually, her uncle having helped her because of her supposed hurt right hand that was still wrapped up in gauze. The girl sighed and trembling because she was still scared she smelled bad or something else would give her away as not the best person to be in store, and would draw a manager to her.

“Relax, baby,” Jenna’s mom kept her soft hand on the little trembling twenty-three year old’s shoulder. “It’s alright, sweetheart.”

Jenna bounded off like she belonged in there, and she came back not a moment later holding out a nice floral skirt at Mariela’s hip.

“Don’t touch my body with those clothes,” Mariela whispered nervously up at Jenna.

“Why not?”

“I’m dirty.”

“You don’t look dirty, Mariela.”

Jenna looked up at her mom. “I think my friend’s wet her pants.”

The other knelt down and put her hand on the back side of her skirt and felt her bottom for a minute before asking her.

“Did you wet your pants, honey?”

Shaking, Mariela shook her head no. That’s not what she meant by saying she was dirty, but the woman decided to check anyway. Something about the shaking little girl made her not take her word for it, and she pulled up the back of her skirt and felt her diaper directly, but Mariela knew it wasn’t wet.

“I didn’t wet,” tears came to her eyes. “I didn’t.”

She found her thumb in her mouth a moment later, but the woman just hugged her and whispered to her.

“What did you say to Jenna to make her think you wet, honey?”

“I said I’m dirty, so she shouldn’t put clothes against my hips.”

“You don’t seem dirty, honey. I checked your diaper, both for pee and poop. You didn’t do anything like that.”

“No. I mean, I’m a dirty girl. I shouldn’t put clothes that are new that someone will buy against my hips.”

“Honey, you are not a dirty girl,” and the mother hugged her and whispered to her. “Your aunt didn’t tell you that you are dirty did she?”

Mariela shrugged. “The… the other people at stores said I dirty when I go shopping wiff my mom and we on streets then, and they said my mom dirty too, and tell us not to be taking clothes from racks and to just eye them unless we know we will buy what we touch.”

“Oh, baby. Had you maybe had an accident in your pants when they said that to you?”

“No.”

“Maybe your mommy did?”

Mariela looked down. “I don’t think so. It’s just we smell bad. I always smell bad.”

“You don’t smell, sweetheart,” the nice lady patted her back and hugged her. “You smell very sweet, sweetheart.”

“I’m dirty, Mariela looked at the floor.”

“No, sweetheart, you aren’t,” the nice lady told her. “You are a good little girl, and you had a bath earlier, so you are not dirty, baby. If you wet yourself, that’s an accident, and it doesn’t make you dirty, okay?”

Mariela just stood there and sighed.

“Mama? Is Mariela okay?” Jenna noticed that her mom was talking to Mariela almost like she was a little girl.

“She’s just nervous, Jenna. I think being on the streets has given her less self confidence is all. She’s okay, though.”

The tall lady lifted Mariela up much easier than Mariela would have thought by just looking up at her. Jenna’s mom was a powerful woman. She didn’t say anything or do anything to get Mariela to take her thumb from her mouth, but rather, she held her, patting her back and rocking on her feet a bit, as if Mariela was a little girl.

“Don’t tell your friends at school about this,” the woman told her daughter. “She’s scared to death to even be in here, and she just needs some comforting.”

Jenna nodded.

Mariela wanted the woman to put her down, but she didn’t say anything. She just kept her thumb in her mouth blushing while Jenna ran here and there checking stuff, and coming back and holding skirts up to Mariela’s butt.

“Do you think Mariela could try on stuff?” Jenna asked her mom.

“Of course, she can, but I have to stay with her. I promised her aunt that I would always be visible to her because she’s so nervous in public.”

“Okay. And if she says she needs to go potty, she needs help, too,” Jenna told her. “At school, I have to help her because she can’t pull her, even regular panties down, by herself. It’s too hard for her.”

The nice woman smiled and nodded.

“Then I guess I’ll be helping her while we are shopping, either getting her on the potty or changing her wet diapers.”

She patted Mariela on the back again.

“It’s okay, sweetheart. I won’t mind either way, if you get scared and just wet, I can change you, but if you feel strong and brave enough, I’ll help you get on the potty so you don’t wet your pants. Either way is okay, sweetie.”

Mariela frowned. She hated this. She didn’t want to be treated like this. She didn’t….

The lady took her towards the cashier, and then asked where the changing rooms were so the girls could try stuff on.

“I can help her do it,” Jenna told her mom.

“No, honey, I want you to try on the clothes you are looking at for yourself. I’ll help your little friend.”

Jenna nodded and reached up so the mom lowered her down so she could whisper in her ear.

“You’re with my mom, Mariela. It’s alright if she sees you wet your diaper. She won’t be mad, and she won’t tell anyone, okay?”

Mariela nodded with a frown.

The nice strong lady then took Mariela into a changing room stall, and she sat down putting Mariela on her feet to stand in front of her.

“Look at all these cute little skirts,” Amy said smiling.

“I can’t try them on,” Mariela said. “We’ll get in trouble. They’ll kick you out or call the police. I’m a dirty bad girl.”

“Shush,” Amy said touching Mariela’s nose. “I don’t know who said things like that to you, but you are not a bad dirty little girl. Anyone that would treat a little girl like that should be put in jail themselves.”

Mariela pleaded with her eyes for the woman to understand. The manager was probably already on the way to get them. He might even have the police with him. She started to shake violently.

The woman hand hold her again, and pat her back, but she didn’t even stop shaking until the woman had stood up with the little girl in her arms.

“You are so nervous, sweetheart.”

She sighed. Then, the woman started to undo the little twenty-three year old’s skirt with one hand while keeping her in her arms with the other hand, switching as she needed to get her own skirt off of her exposing her still clean and dry pullup diaper.

“It’s okay, baby. I’m going to buy the skirts for you if they fit, so no matter what the store policy is, we are going to buy you something that fits, so it’s okay for you to try them on.”

“You don’t have to…,” Mariela started.

“Honey, why do you think Jenna invited you to come with us shopping?”

“Do I look bad at school?” Mariela asked.

“No, sweetheart! You look just fine in your clothes. Jenna just wanted to treat you.”

“I have money. My uncle gave me some to buy whatever I wanted.”

“Honey, you can use that money for some toys or something. Jenna and I are going to buy you a couple of skirts and shirt. Jenna just had this image with these certain clothes for you. I told her that I do not go around buying stuff for anyone but my own family, but Jenna insisted that she wanted to use her allowance and get you these.”

Mariela blushed.

“She bought me a cinnamon roll at school on Monday, too.”

“She’s just trying to treat you like a friend,” Amy told her. “She and her other friends are always using their allowances to buy things for the other girls to try out because they think about how their friends will look in certain things.”

“Oh,” Mariela frowned looking down at the floor. She would never be able to pay this nice woman or Jenna back for doing this for her. She wouldn’t even be able to play their game of dressing up their friend, unless aunt and uncle started giving her more spending money.

“It’s alright, sweetheart. I promise. Whatever my daughter does with her spending money is her business as long as she doesn’t go spending it unwisely and then ask for more money just a day after she gets her allowances.”

Mariela nodded.

Soon, the nice lady had the floral skirt up on her hips and fastened, and then she took her out of the stall to see Jenna also in a pink floral skirt.

“Wow, that skirt looks really good on you, Mariela,” Jenna told her. Mariela was still in the tall lady’s arms, and so the lady bent down and let her get to her feet.

“Turn around so we can see the skirt properly,” the woman encouraged Mariela.

Mariela nodded and turned left and then right, and the looking up at the lady, the lady smiled and told her to twirl. Mariela felt her face blush, but then Jenna twirled.

Jenna twirled a second time. She twirled a third time and laughed. “This is fun.”

Mariela nodded and then twirled. Then Jenna twirled again. Mariela twirled again, and then Jenna did again. They kept at it for a bit, which when they were done, Mariela was laughing and had temporarily forgotten her fear of the place.

Amy bent down and picked Mariela up in her arms, she whispered to the girls.

“Alright now, didn’t you want Mariela to try on the other skirt and then we have to go to that other store to see the blouse?”

Jenna nodded. “That’s right! Okay, I’ll go try on my second skirt.”

The woman carried Mariela into the changing stall, lowered her to her feet and then turned her to look in her eyes.

“Do you want to take off the skirt on your own and try the next one?” she asked.

“I can’t,” Mariela looked at the floor. “My arm….”

“Oh, yeah, I sort of forgot about that. But do you want me to hold you like a little kid still, or do you want to stand like a twelve year old while I help you get your skirt down?”

“I can stand,” Mariela said.

“I figured you’d want to,” the woman told her. “Twelve year old kids don’t like to be babies that much.”

Mariela laughed nervously. “It is kind of embarrassing.”

“Of course it is, honey.”

The woman got the floral skirt off of her, and then slipped on a nice ice-blue one with shades of blue from very light to turquois, really feeding into the theme of ice-blue.

“Turn once,” Amy said and Mariela did.

“Okay, let’s go show Jenna.”

They came out, and Jenna had on a skirt that had an overall type top to it.

“That’s really cute on you,” Jenna told Mariela. I like that one the best.”

“So, are we getting just the blue one, then?” Amy asked Jenna.

Jenna opened her purse and looked at her money and then up at her mom. “Yeah, that’s all I can get.”

Mariela frowned. “You liked them both, though?”

Jenna nodded.

“I have some money, but if you paying for mine… maybe I should pay yours.”

“No. That’s not how this game works,” Jenna told her. “You only pay for something for me if it’s your idea to buy it for me ‘cause you think it would look good on me. You didn’t even see anything yet cause you didn’t know the game, so you use your money your uncle gave you for you.”

Mariela nodded.

“But it would make me really happy if you bought the second skirt because I really like it, too.”

“What about the top?” Amy asked her daughter.

“Well, I have money for the top,” she said. I mean I don’t have enough for all three. I really wanted to get her a skirt and a top, but I had hoped the skirt would be cheap enough, I could get both.”

“I’ll get the second skirt, then, if you don’t want me to help buy your stuff?”

“I don’t,” Jenna said. “You’ll learn the rules, eventually.”

“Okay.”

Jenna looked up at her mom.

“Before we go to the blouse though, I kind of need to go to the toilet soon.”

“Oh, um… okay,” the taller woman said. “I hope Mariela will be okay….”

“What do you mean?”

“Her aunt told me to expect her to fight it and resist going in the bathroom in public. Something about the toilets in public scares her, though her aunt doesn’t seem to understand why.”

Jenna frowned. “Well, I could just go real quick by myself.”

“Then I’d be lying,” Amy explained to her daughter. “I promise the woman that no one will be going off to the toilet alone, and that I’d watch her niece like a hawk.”

“Am I supposed to wet my pants, mom?”

“No, honey…. Um….”

Mariela whispered in the woman’s ear.

“We can go with her so she can go. I won’t tell on you.”

“Honey, this isn’t about you telling on me or not. It’s about you feeling safe.”

Mariela nodded.

“If you carry me, I’ll be safe. I know you won’t let anyone hurt me.”

“Are you sure?”

“I promise.”

“Okay, Jenna, honey, she says I can take you to the bathroom.”

“Her aunt is kind of strange, don’t you think, mom?”

“Actually, it’s not her aunt, honey. Her aunt is just asking me to do what is comfortable for Mariela. Remember, honey, Mariela was on the streets for two years with her family. She knows stuff that you and I have never seen done.”

“Oh, yeah.”

Nonetheless, with Mariela’s permission, they went into the bathroom, and Jenna went into one stall, and then Amy whispered in her ear.

“I need to go, too. Do you expect me to wait until I get you back home?”

Mariela shook her head.

“You can go. I’ll just…. Um… I shouldn’t be by myself out here, though. Someone could….”

How about we use the larger stall for special needs people?” the woman asked her. “I put you down in there, there will be enough room for me to go without us bumping into each other.”

“Okay.”

And the woman put the little twenty-three year old down so she could go. Mariela’s face burned a bit as she blushed, and she saw the woman blush too, but there wasn’t much they could do about it, and Mariela just went to the furthest end of the little space to wait.

The woman dropped to the toilet and went.

Once the woman had pulled up her skirt, she motioned for Mariela to come to her, and she pulled back her pullup to look inside.

“Not wet?” she asked her.

Mariela shook her head no.

“Want to use the potty?”

Mariela shook her head no.

Then, they started off out of the bathroom after all three of them washed their hands.

“Did Mariela pee, mom?” Jenna asked her mom instead of Mariela.

“No, honey. She didn’t want to.”

“She hasn’t peed in a while though, either. She’s probably going to wet herself.”

“If she does, she does, baby. The aunt told me she didn’t think Mariela would be comfortable going potty, and she might even not want us to change her in the bathroom.”

“So, what? She’s going to wear wet pants until she gets home?”

Mariela shrugged at them.

“I’m right here,” she told them. “I might be kind of a dirty baby about it, but… I know what my aunt said and I know what is going on.”

“Sorry, honey,” Amy said as she picked up the little frustrated girl. “You’re right. We should be talking to you. Do you need to pee, sweetheart? It’s okay if you just want to wet your pullup.”

“No, I can’t just do that. I’ll be in trouble with aunt if I just wet my pullup on purpose.”

“But your aunt said….”

“I might feel scared,” Mariela told her. “Yeah. I get scared, but if I know what I’m doing, and I’m not scared, I can’t wet my pants on purpose. It against the rules at Auntie’s house.”

The woman sighed. “Yeah, it should be, though, shouldn’t it? I mean, it’s not healthy to just let a twelve year old wet herself on purpose….”

“Are you saying you want to wet on purpose?” Jenna asked a surprised oh still on her face after she was done talking.

“No!” Mariela said her face getting really red. “I just… your mom said it’s okay if I just wet, but I am not allowed to.”

“Oh,” Jenna looked at the ground.

“I’m sorry, Mariela. What I meant to say, is if you have an accident because you are scared or you don’t feel it come out from trying to hold it too long, then it’s okay.”

Mariela nodded and put her thumb in her mouth.

“I don’t gotta pee,” she said stubbornly even though she felt a little tingling inside that told her she could pee if she wanted to, if she were on a toilet, that is.

Mariela knew that her uncle, not really her aunt so much, but her uncle liked that she needed help all the time, and that he thought it was cute for her to wet her pants on accident. She didn’t really know why he thought it was cute for her to do that, but she knew if she went home dry, her uncle would be disappointed, but she also was afraid of her aunt thinking she peed on purpose. The one handy rule that she had, was that she was not allowed to touch the pullup on her own at all, so if she waited a little longer, maybe the woman would have trouble getting her to the bathroom and getting her diaper down before she wet herself, and then both her aunt and her uncle would be happy.

She hated to wet her pants, even in a diaper, but she couldn’t make uncle mad. Uncle and auntie were really the only thing that was keeping her from going back out on the street again.

They walked into a nice little Miss shop, and Mariela saw Jenna walked right over to a nice white top that had lace material around the neckline and the hems and sleeves of it. It really did look like a good match for the ice-blue skirt.

“Let’s try it on her first,” Jenna told her mom.

“Okay, but I have to do it.”

“I know. I’ll just wait out here for you to help her get it on. I want to see.”

Mariela nervously bit her lip as the woman took off her top and saw her in an undershirt. She hoped her little bumps were not so big she would accuse her of being an adult, but at the same time, she wondered if they were so small, that she might look younger than twelve, too.

The woman barely seemed to notice, however, as she pulled her top off, and barely sparing a glance at her chest, she worked her ‘hurt’ arm into the sleeve, with Mariela jerking her arm, and trying to fake it still hurting when touched until the woman had her shirt on her and then she smiled.

“That does look nice on you, sweetheart.”

There was an awkward moment though, once the shirt was on and she had said how nice it looked, that the woman picked Mariela up and holding her, she looked in her eyes.

“Honey, does your arm really hurt?” she asked her.

“I hurt my arm,” Mariela repeated the story that auntie wanted her to say.

“I didn’t say you didn’t,” the woman told her, and then she sat down to hold Mariela in her lap. “What I’m asking, is, are you faking your arm still hurting for some reason?”

Mariela frowned and shook her head.

“Baby, you need to tell me the truth, or at the very least, tell your aunt the truth. It is dangerous to pretend something like this.”

Mariela tried to play dumb and putting her thumb in her mouth, she let the woman explain.

“If you are faking you are hurt, especially if you are getting medicine you don’t need, you could really hurt yourself, baby. I… I honestly think you are lying about your arm hurting. Now, is it because you are scared to go in the bathroom by yourself, and you are scared Jenna will stop taking you if you show everyone it’s okay?”

Mariela looked down. “Maybe….”

“Well, I’m sure Jenna will still take you into the bathroom at school if you want her to go with you. But lying about having a hurt arm is not good for you or anyone that has to take care of you, baby.”

Mariela frowned and looked down. “I’m sorry.”

She started to wet her diaper. Actually, she knew what she was doing, and she just wet it. She might as well do it on purpose because she’s going to be in trouble when her aunt finds out that their hurt arm story is a bust because she didn’t do something right.

The woman sighed and picked her up and rocked her.

“I’m not mad at you, baby. You had some reason for lying about that, but your aunt and uncle really need to know the truth about your arm, now, okay?”

Mariela nodded.

The woman carried her out and set her down next to Jenna.

“Why does Mariela look like she’s about to cry?”

“I caught her in a lie, but it’s not important right now, Jenna. We can talk about it later, on the way back to her home after shopping.”

“Okay.”

Jenna then noticed the top and she smiled.

“That is going to look so nice with the blue skirt on you!” she exclaimed. “I’m so glad I decided to get this outfit for you. I hope you wear it on Monday!”

Mariela just kept her thumb in her mouth, looking down, worried about what was going to happen next. She hoped the woman didn’t figure out she was an adult, too. That would make this a lot worse, but she just finished peeing, and her pullup was starting to sag a bit.

*018*2021-07-28 11:01

{{1 hour ago, Nikrosys said:

I'm so glad I found this! I just read it all in one sitting and can't wait to read more!

}}

{{46 minutes ago, JuliusSlouchy said:

Me too, it's great story!

}}

Thank you both. You are too kind. I will be trying to keep it going... but maybe slowing down a bit with how much I did before to try to get more quality. But certainly, I plan on trying ot get 2 or 3 chapters written in a week.

*020*2021-07-29 05:02

Chapter 13:

Mariela looked up when Jenna’s mom picked her up again, and she knew the lady felt her soggy wet diaper under her skirt.

“Are you hungry?” the woman decided not to ask her if she wanted to go to the bathroom to change.

Mariela nodded.

“I still have money for food,” she told them.

“Nonsense,” Amy patted her wet backside through her skirt. “You are our guest today, and we’ve already decided to pay for your lunch, and then if you are up to it, we are going to take you to watch a movie.”

“Really?” Mariela asked her face blushing. “Um… if we are watching a… a… a movie, and you… can we… can you and me and Jenna go to the bathroom, and you… you have a pullup my aunt gave you in case?”

Mariela was really nervous because she knew she was soaking wet, and she was embarrassed, but she knew that her uncle wanted her to do that, and she knew her aunt would be alright with it when the lady said she had done it on accident.

“Sure sweetie. If you’re wet, how about we take you potty first, and get you changed, and then we can get lunch and then the movie?”

Mariela nodded, but her face got even hotter. It felt like she had her face right next to the furnace on a cold winter’s night. She didn’t realize it, but she was even shaking in the woman’s arms.

“Don’t be scared, baby,” the woman smiled and patted her skirt again. “We all know it was an accident, and I’ll make sure your aunt knows it was an accident, sweetie.”

Mariela nodded though her heated face didn’t seem to cool at all.

“I wet because I got nervous you found out I… I keeping that secret,” she admitted to the woman. “It scared me, you were going to tell my aunt on me.”

“Honey, I don’t know what it was like on the streets for you, but do you think your aunty is going to hurt you just because you were afraid to tell everyone that you weren’t hurting anymore?”

Mariela shrugged.

“Well, I’ll make sure to remind her that a lot of bad things happened, baby. I’m sure she’ll forgive you when she realizes why you were scared.”

Mariela gulped. She was more scared that Susan was going to get mad that she had somehow given it away that her arm wasn’t really hurt. She was sure that Susan and Steve both wanted her to continue to write as sloppy as possible, and truth be told, she thought they liked helping her as if her arm was really hurt, too.

The little twenty-three year old had a large pop with her lunch after she was changed, and then in the movies, she had had some caramel popcorn and another large pop, and when the first large pop was gone, she went back and got a medium pop on top of it.

They watched Melificent for the first time, for her, and before the movie had even ended, she started to spray in her diaper again, but this time, she didn’t tell anyone she was wet, but just went ahead and wet herself through the credits, and then they were starting out the door towards the car.

As they were walking towards the car, Jenna noticed that Mariela was walking a little funny, and she slipped a hand behind Mariela without Mariela noticing, and then she patted her on the back of her skirt.

“You’re wet,” she told her little friend.

Mariela frowned and nodded, her face getting a little red again.

“It’s okay,” Jenna told her. “You could have told my mom you wet in the movies though before we left the mall. I’m sure she would have changed you.”

Mariela just looked down as they arrived at the car.

“I was… um… embarrassed to. She already changed me once because I wet my pants earlier.”

Jenna hugged her. “We don’t care, Mariela. I’d change you, but….”

“It has to be an adult. I’m not supposed to let another kid try to change me no matter how wet I wet.”

Amy opened the door, and she patted Mariela on the seat through her skirt as she climbed in, and the woman sighed.

“Sweetheart? Did you wet during the movie?”

“Ye… yes, ma’am. I had an accident.”

“Well, you did drink a lot of pop, sweetheart. I should have taken you both to the toilet after the movie, I supposed. Jenna, are you okay, or should I take you back in so you don’t end up wet on the way back to Mariela’s?”

Jenna frowned and her face turned red. “I’m not gonna wet, mom. I’ll be okay until we get back to Mariela’s house.”

“You’re sure, honey?”

Jenna nodded.

“Alright. I could bring you back in so I can change Mariela, though.”

Mariela looked down. “I don’t want to change right now,” she mumbled.

“You don’t?”

Mariela shook her head. “I don’t want Auntie to find out I bothered you twice to change me like I’m a baby.”

Amy sighed, but decided to let it go. “Well, let’s get you home, I guess.”

Jenna smiled and she reached over and patted Mariela in the lap and whispered to her.

“You are having a really hard time,” she told her. “And now, I kind of know the truth about you… because of our shopping. You’re wetting your pants sometimes at school, aren’t you?”

“You been helping me,” Mariela told her. “I’m never wet, when you got me ready to get on the toilet,” she blushed. “I don’t wet at school. I promise.”

“You wet a lot at the store though, Mariela.”

“Yeah, but… that’s because I have to wear a diaper, and I’m not supposed to ….,” but Jenna’s looked into Mariela’s eyes made her falter. Jenna was looking at her with her lower lip out, her eyes narrowed, and she looked a little bit mad.

“We are supposed to be friends, but you lied about your arm, and now, I’m pretty sure you’re lying about making it to the bathroom in time at school all the time, too. You don’t even go to the bathroom that often, so how come you wet like twice in less than four hours at the store, but you only pee at school maybe once or twice?”

Mariela looked down, afraid to say anything. She could see that Jenna was very upset.

“Mariela, you’re supposed to be my friend. That means you are not supposed to be scared to tell me the truth if you wet your panties on accident during class. You are supposed to trust me.”

Mariela didn’t know what to say.

“I’m not going to tell the whole school that you pee your pants, not even now, I know you are lying to me. I am mad, but I won’t do something like that to you. I’m just not sure we can be friends if you are too scared to tell me when you wet your pants.”

Mariela felt something in the back of her head and her heart. There was an ache, a hurt at the way that Jenna seemed so upset at her because Jenna thought she was lying again.

“I’m sorry,” Mariela found herself whispering. “I was afraid if I told anyone I wet my pants at school, no one would be my friend, and I messed up. I… I was scared to tell you I pee my pants.”

Mariela couldn’t explain why she was lying to Jenna like this, or why she wanted Jenna to believe in her so much. She was shaking and tears started to come to her eyes.

“Jenna,” Jenna’s mom spoke from the front seat. “Remember, sweetheart, Mariela is used to being on the streets. She’s probably not used to trusting anyone besides her mom and dad. Don’t be too harsh with her. You’re probably the very first friend she’s had in two years.”

Jenna sighed.

“Mariela, I’m still your friend,” she reached an arm around her back. “But no more lying. You come to me at school if you pee your pants, and you tell me you’re wet,” the girl told her.

“But why I gotta tell you if I pee my pants?” Mariela found her thumb going into her mouth.

“Because…. If someone else finds out you wet before I do, and they start spreading rumors about you, I won’t be able to help if I don’t know until it’s too late, but if you tell me you’re wet your pants, I’ll tell people to shut up and mind their own business, and then if they ask me why I’m protecting you, I’ll tell them off for being fake friends, and let them know that people sometimes have problems when they’ve had a hardship.”

Mariela looked down.

“Mariela, I mean it. I will defend you, but I need to know when you’ve wet your pants from now on, no matter how bad you wet or even if you… if you did what you did this morning. I won’t be mean. I’ll even take you to see the nurse so you don’t have to explain.”

Mariela tightened her lips around her thumb, and then taking her thumb out of her mouth, she whispered. “I’m sorry. I’ll try to tell you from now on. I’m just… I haven’t had a real friend before, that I can remember.”

Jenna nodded and patted the poor twenty-three year old’s lap thinking of her like a little baby sister at the moment. If anyone had tried to tell Jenna that Mariela was really a twenty-three year old disgusting woman that just pees her pants on purpose, Jenna would have looked at you strangely and then scolded you for being mean to a child like that.

Getting back to the house, Mariela was a little bit nervous getting out of the car, so while Jenna got the bags for her friend, her mom picked Mariela up one last time, Mariela having her thumb in her mouth, and she carried her to the door and into the house when the door was answered.

“Is Mariela okay?” Susan asked the tall woman that Mariela could now see, was even taller than her auntie.

“She’s fine, but she needs to tell you something important, don’t you Mariela?”

Mariela looked down and nodded.

“Was she bad while you had her out? Steve warned me that she might not be ready to go shopping with other people yet.”

“Oh, no, it’s not that. She was a little angel. It’s more… well, go ahead and tell your aunt, honey, about your arm….”

Mariela felt her face get fiery warm. “I’m faking my arm hurting now,” she whispered.

Jenna looked up at Susan. “She’s scared, Miss. Please don’t spank her? She didn’t mean to lie about it.”

“Jenna,” Amy set Mariela down and then motioned for her own daughter to come to her. “It’s up to her guardians if she gets a spanking. Lying to your mom and dad, or if your aunt and uncle take care you, then to them about something like that is very serious, and she should be punished for lying to them about that.”

Jenna started to tear up. “But even you said that Mariela had a hard time on the streets, and you promised you were going to tell them she had an accident, and didn’t mean to do it.”

Amy sighed. “Yes, honey, but that’s because she really did have an accident in her pants and I know she didn’t mean it. But lying is never an accident. Being scared to tell someone something can be difficult, but it is never okay to lie, baby.”

Susan sighed. “I know she’s been lying about stuff from time to time. We’re working on breaking her from it, but it’s going to take some time. The streets were really hard on her, so she doesn’t really know who she can trust.”

“So, did you know she had not really hurt her arm?” Amy asked Susan.

“Yes, I suspected that her old injury was not as bad as she lets on, but I didn’t want to press her on it for a little longer because I wanted to give her time to get used to us before forcing her to tell us.”

“I supposed I should have just let it go.”

“How did you find out?”

“My daughter actually bought her a cute top, and I helped her try it out before we paid for it, and just like I promised you, I took care of her, and helped her with it…. I noticed she messed up when she pretended to act like she was hurting as I was helping with her arm, and so I knew something was off.”

Susan nodded. “That’s how I found out, too, but I just didn’t want to address it just yet.”

Susan reached down and brought Mariela towards her, hugging her. “The little girl has had a really hard time, and besides, I wanted to let her keep with her story for a little bit at school in case she wet herself, and the nurse found out, because if she told the nurse she couldn’t get her skirt down in time because of her hurt arm, then the nurse would be more compassionate with her.”

Amy smiled. “I guess that makes sense.”

“Mariela and I will have a long talk about her injury and see how much it really hurts her. Her mom did write me a note when she came to stay with me, and told me she really had sprained her wrist, so originally, she wasn’t faking.”

Amy nodded.

“So, she didn’t give you any real trouble?”

“No. Like I said, she was a perfect little angel the whole time. But she did have an accident twice in her pants. The second time, she was sort of embarrassed to tell us she had done it again, so we didn’t find out until we were back at the car, and she asked that I just take her home, so she’s wet. Oh, and can my own little daughter use your bathroom again before she wets herself, too? She’s been holding it since we left the mall, too.”

Susan laughed. “Kids.”

Then Jenna was given permission to go use the toilet and then they were on their way while Susan reached out for Mariela’s hand.

“You really shouldn’t have let them take off your shirt to try another one on you, baby. You ruined our plans, and now, even though your arm is not supposed to be hurt anymore, you are going to have to keep writing with your left hand.”

Mariela nodded.

“You better be telling the truth about wetting your pants on accident at the store, and it not being something you just did to get it over with like you did last Sunday.”

“I promise…. I held it all the way until I couldn’t wait anymore,” Mariela looked up at Susan putting her thumb in her mouth.

“Your diaper is wet?”

Mariela nodded.

“Go with your uncle. He needs to give you a bath since you wet yourself twice, and he’s not going to want his niece to smell like pee while you are helping him with his story game tonight.”

Mariela nodded.

Mariela looked up at her uncle, and then with a small smile creeping on her lips, but her head down so that they knew she was sorry that she let the secret out, she held out her arms and let him pick her up to carry her to the bathroom.

“And wash her hair, good,” Susan called after them. “Remember, she’s peed herself twice today, and she pooped her pants this morning, so if you don’t wash her hair out, she’s going to smell when your story group gets here.”

“I will,” Steve called back to Susan.

Uncle Steve patted her wet diaper, and he smiled at his little baby twenty-three year old niece. “So….”

Mariela looked up at him as he walked into the bathroom and with her in one hand, and closing the door with the other hand, he spoke softly with her.

“Did you have a real accident, or just an I’m scared accident?”

“What the difference?” Mariela asked.

“The difference, sweetheart, is with an I’m scared accident, you just wet your pants by surprise or because going in your pants feels safer than the choice you are presented with. A real accident, is your body just starts peeing because you couldn’t hold it anymore, and it usually causes a twelve year old to start crying out of embarrassment.”

Mariela looked down. “I… I don’t know,” she said afraid she might give the wrong answer that Susan could call on purpose. She hoped her uncle wouldn’t say it was on purpose, but she wasn’t sure, just yet, what he was thinking.

“Well, did you cry when you wet your pants either time?” Steve patted her bottom lightly.

“No. I mean, I felt like crying, but I didn’t exactly… cry.”

“Then it was an I’m scared, wet,” he told her.

“Am I in trouble?”

“No. I told you that it was okay to have an accident if you are scared, baby. I just wanted to know how upset you were.”

Mariela looked down.

“So, you accidentally told your friend that your arm isn’t really hurt now, huh?”

Mariela nodded.

“I guess we don’t need to keep the bandage around your arm, then, do we?”

Mariela sighed and shook her head.

“But you are still going to write with your left hand, aren’t you?”

She nodded.

Steve put her down on her feet, and he stared to unwrap her arm.

“You aren’t going to let anyone but your aunt and me touch your arm from now on, if we decide you hurt it later, are you?”

Mariela shook her head no.

Once he had her arm unwrapped, he looked it over, and nodded.

“Yep, your arm is all better. So you can move it around a bit now, can’t you?”

Mariela nodded.

“No you can’t,” he showed her how far she could reach up before it hurt, and then he showed her how far back and other motions where it should start hurting. “That hurts, doesn’t it?”

At first, she started to shake her head no, but then he seemed to growl at her scaring her. “Doesn’t it?” and she caught on and nodded that it still hurt to move it that far.

“Good girl,” he patted her butt before lifting her skirt and messing with the waistband until it fell to the floor revealing her soaked diaper. He patted he butt twice, but instead of taking off her wet diaper right away, he moved on to take off her top and then pull it over her head along with taking off her undershirt.

Last to be taken off, was her diaper. It had a little lake in it.

“I’m going to tell your aunt that your arm is better, but it still hurts, and that you can’t move it on your own beyond a certain range because it’s really uncomfortable, and if she tries, you need to try to cry.”

Mariela nodded.

“That goes for the school nurse or anyone else that thinks they need to check.”

Mariela nodded.

Uncle Steve scooped the baby up and put her in the tub and then he put some toys in there.

“You want play, don’t you?” he asked her, though his question was more like a request that she dared not refuse. She nodded and started to play around with the toys while he worked around her washing her up.

Mariela should be livid at him making her play like a little kid in the tub, and should be mad that the friend’s mom thinks SHE lied, and really, it was her uncle’s and aunt’s lie that she was protecting. She shouldn’t even want him, there, washing her… but….

No. No, she didn’t want him there. He was there, but it was not her choice. She would kick him out of the bathroom if she had a choice, right? Right? Well?

The words echoed but they were not responded to in her mind. She just sighed and sat there playing with the little toys for kids mostly under eight years of age.

“Are you going to be a good girl and help uncle tell the story this evening?” he asked as he washed her around the chest.

The little twenty three year old smiled nodded.

*022*2021-07-30 09:35

Chapter 14:

Mariela was taken out of the tub after a while, and then carried naked back into her bedroom where she was then put into a pair of panties that were green with Triton, Ariel’s dad on the butt. Then Steve draped a long pink shirt with Power Puff Girls on the front, over her, that came down just far enough that it almost covered her butt, but not quite.

“You can wear this for tonight,” Steve told his little princess.

“What about a skirt or pants?” Mariela asked putting her thumb in her mouth.

“No, I think your shirt covers your bottom just fine, sweetheart. You’re fine the way you are.”

Mariela nodded and raised her hands up at Steve. If she was going to be dressed like an eight year old, then she wanted his attention like an eight year old. So what? No one was around that would care to make fun of her. Steve wanted an eight year old or he would have covered her panties, and her aunt wanted an obedient child, so that’s what she’d give them… for tonight.

At dinner, Uncle took her nice shirt off of her and let her eat in her undershirt.

“I don’t want to mess up the cute shirt she’s going to wear in front of the story group tonight,” he had explained to Susan, though Mariela had a funny feeling, he was actually saying it for her benefit rather than Susan’s.

“You know how messy she eats sometimes,” Steve looked over at Mariela. “Especially with her little hurt wrist. I checked it, and it is better, but it still hurts, doesn’t it, Mariela?”

Mariela nodded.

“So don’t insist on her using a fork tonight, honey. Holding a fork right might hurt. Just give her a spoon and let her use her hands as needed.”

Susan smiled first at Steve and then at Mariela.

“Alright, Mariela, sweetie. Uncle says you have permission to eat with your hands, so no spankies for eating with your hands, honey. But you better not be faking your wrist hurting that much. You already lied about it once.”

Mariela nodded.

“If your hand hurts that much, then of course you’ll use your spoon left handed, and get food on your right hand,” Uncle Steve told her. “And we won’t mind at all, if you get your undershirt and panties dirty with food. I’ll just clean you up before the story group comes.”

Mariela frowned. It looked like they wanted her to make a mess on herself while she ate. Well…. It wasn’t the worst thing she’s done in less than two weeks, and the most disgusting thing… well, that happened this either this morning, or last… last Friday at school. She wasn’t really sure which was worse.

Auntie Susan gave her some juice, but she put it in a sippy cup, so Mariela knew that she was definitely not ten or twelve years old right now. She had to be… what? They didn’t tell her she was to act any younger than eight, if she remembered right. She doesn’t really have any toys for a child much younger than eight.

Mariela decided to not think about it. Did it matter? They put her in a pair of underwear and an undershirt at the table, and they gave her a sippy cup. No matter how old she was supposed to be in their minds, she knew that she could play with this, a bit more.

She just sat there, and when they gave her macaroni and meat sauce, mixed almost like spaghetti, but with the cheese added, too, something they called goulash, she just ate it, mostly with her hands. It was actually easier for her than using her spoon in her left hand.

Since she used her hands, it did get all over her shirt and her face and even down on her legs, but she didn’t care. It’s what they wanted, and they were really happy with her at the moment.

“Does eight year old Mariela know better than to not wet her pants?” Steve asked Susan.

“Yes, hon. Eight year old children are potty trained except she does wet the bed, sometimes, just by mistake even when they are awake. That’s why we put a diaper on her before she goes to sleep.”

Steve nodded and winked at Mariela.

Mariela smiled and blushed.

Susan came over and piled some more food on Mariela’s plate.

“We didn’t really give you enough at first,” she told her little baby niece. “You might be a very juvenile girl, but you are growing, and you still need your strength, baby.”

Mariela nodded. If there was one thing about staying with Susan and Steve, they didn’t let her go to bed hungry. If anything, she sometimes felt too full from eating, but they also seemed to stop just at her limit, so she wasn’t sick, full, but just full enough that she wouldn’t want to eat anything else again for a while.

“I sorry I lie about bandage,” she played their game.

“That’s okay, baby,” Susan said walking over to her and kneeling down by her chair. “You’ve been on the streets for a long long time, and you barely know your uncle and me. It’s no wonder you were nervous. You were just scared that the injury gave you an excuse to not be able to help wetting the bed, and you were scared you were going to get spanked for wetting the bed, baby.”

Steve nodded at what Susan said. “But like we told you on day one. We don’t spank you for an actual accident, honey, hurt or not. We just don’t want you to pee on purpose, just because you might think it’s more convenient when you have a diaper on.”

Mariela smiled and nodded. “I never do that again. I promise.”

“We know, honey. And Uncle did check your wrist, so while your hand was not as hurt as you let on, I’m not even sure you meant to lie. I mean, your little hand does hurt, that’s why you’re eating your food with your hands and not with a proper spoon, sweetheart.”

Mariela nodded.

She didn’t know why she was encouraging this game, really. In the back of her mind, she knew she was twenty three years old. Her hand was actually fine, and she didn’t wet her pants, or until recently, even in her bed.

Except…, actually, she did wet her pants all day on this day. She had not been in the toilet even once. And she did wet her diaper, first thing in the mornings, when she was awake. Why did she do that? Why did she just wait until her diaper got wet, and not just go to the toilet? But…, these people rescued her from always being hungry, from sleeping out in the cold and sometimes being scared, and from the cruel people that would chase her away because she was too dirty to go in their place to buy food, even when she had money.

It was story time, and Mariela was sitting all nice and clean in a clean pair of panties and undershirt under the long shirt that just barely covered her blue panty clad bottom. She had her thumb in her mouth and she leaned back against Uncle Steve as Uncle Steve started the story.

In a kingdom long ago when magic was real and the deities fought for recognition among the intelligent life on the planet, and there were all sorts of beings, not just humans, but there were dwarves, elves, and even evil monstrous beings….

Throughout the story, when her uncle addressed each of the members at the table, he didn’t ask them by their real names, but always called them by what their characters were called.

There was a Dwarf who was called Stonechisel Crayg, yes, spelled with a ‘y’. He was some kind of priest, but he had special weapons that were more or less attached to his hands and arms, and he needed help getting them off and on because of the nature of them. There was an elf by the name of Dewleaf who specialized in magic, but was also good with a bow. There was a human guy that was like a fighter, sort of, but also kind of like an ancient worshipper of natural spirits. They called him a Ranger. His name was Mike Risen. The I was pronounced as a long I in both parts of the name. Then, there was a girl at the table, who was called Celestia Mayflower, another elf. She was some kind of experienced fighter that had a special fighting style that only her people knew.

Mariela was given her first role after about thirty minutes in, when the characters had all finally gathered around an open market in some place where people bartered and haggled over prices rather than just accepted a listed price.

While you are browsing the market, you come upon a merchant who show cases this little girl in a kid of sideshow.

Her Uncle had introduced her.

“I am dancing and smiling cute at the people who come,” Mariela said. Then she went around to the other end of the table, climbed up where the other story participants were able to see her better, not on the table, but on a square sofa like piece, and she started to dance around.

The dwarf nearly laughed when she fell on her bottom. The sofa was soft though, so Mariela just stood back up, after basically showing her panties to everyone from how she fell, and she brushed her shirt down to cover her panties again, and then went on to do the dance she had practiced before, but still fell again two other times.

The people at the table awed at her.

“Are we supposed to give the display some gold or something?” the Ranger guy wanted to know.

“Well,” Mariela’s uncle smiled. “You don’t have to… but isn’t she cute?”

Steve then looked at Mariela, and told her to do her next little act.

Mariela nodded and she went right up to the girl elf.

“May I see your palm?”

The lady smiled and showed her, her hand.

“I see your future,” Mariela told the table. “You will have three friends, but when you finish, there might only be two of you left. You have an important work. Your leadership will be questioned because you are a girl, but your level headedness and your status will make you the most logical choice.”

Then Steve told her to roll the dice.

“Well, it is up to you if you really want to believe what was said, but there is something compelling about what she said…. You also feel… make a roll?”

The lady rolled a 19 on a 20 sided die.

“You also feel that this little girl that had been performing is not a natural being of this world. Remember, you are in a place where magic and mystery are everywhere, and where they strongly believed in natural elements being of the wind, sea, fire, and sand. This little girl could be one of those such spirits.”

Mariela smiled cutely. She didn’t know what a Maridid or whatever it was called, was. She left her character sheet on the other side of the table, but she smiled cutely.

Mariela smiled cutely up at the dwarf, and she declared….

“I become as small as a dwarf child, but I don’t get a beard! Gross! But I look a little more Dwarven. I gain weight and I make my face seem more chiseled and stone-like, yet delicate like a girl.”

The players at the table smiled when she said gross after talking about not having a beard.

“I walked over to the dwarf.”

“You are a very wise dwarf,” she said trying to coo in his ear. “Let me read your hand?”

The guy, who actually had a red beard in real life smiled down at her and held out his hand.

“You follow one of the unknown gods,” she told him. “You keep this secret because you know how dangerous it would be if the priests of the pantheon find out, but you also know your God is ten times stronger than theirs. You have strong beliefs.”

The man smiled as the girl told about him.

“Your god will give you a sign, soon. You will soon know how to prove yourself so that you may return to your village a full shaman.”

Then she looked up at the elf magic person.

“You,” she whispered. “You are last.”

And she turned to the ranger.

“You are not so different from the dwarf barbarian priest,” she told the ranger. “You do not follow the pantheon gods, but you also do not really know the name of your god. You just live in harmony with nature. You believe everything is connected in life. You will have your chance to not only show the world that this is true, but to save all of the civilization through a quest to preserve nature.”

Mariela turned back to the elf mage, and she reached her arms out for him to pick her up.

She sat on his lap for a moment, but her thump in her mouth, and pretended to suck as if to contemplate a deep thought. After a moment or two, she popped her thumb out of her mouth, and she looked up into his eyes.

“Yes, you do feel right,” she told him. “You do not know it, yet, but you are being deceived by those that give you power to work magic. They are using you, and you will destroy all of civilization if you continue to follow your current course. No one can make you change your mind, but caution, continuing on this course, and you will have no family, no friends, no contacts left. You will be left all alone in an empty world.”

The fellow that played Dewleaf turned to Steve and frowned. “What are you trying to say? I am not going to be allowed to play a warlock?”

“Hold on, Dewleaf. I’m not saying that at all. And please, don’t break the story theme. Just react to this creature as you think would be natural. There is nothing wrong with you keeping your character just as it is.”

“Wait, but she just said I’ll turn everyone against my character. That’s not what I want….”

“Do you want to make a Wisdom roll to disbelieve what she’s saying?” Steve asked him.

“Yes.”

“Please get out of my lap, honey,” he gently helped Mariela down. “I don’t want to do for real what my upset character is about to do to the girl in the story.”

Mariela got down off his lap with his help, then he stood up, and he dropped his hands.

“Not only do I try to make a roll to disbelieve her, but whether I believe her or not, I drop her so hopefully her butt hits the ground.”

Steve shook his head.

Dice were rolled, and then Steve called Mariela back around to his side of the table.

“Did I do it wrong?” she whispered to him worried.

“Shush, honey. We’ll discuss it after the session tonight.”

She frowned and let the story continue.

“So, after the Marid was dropped on her hiney, or rather, as she was falling towards her hiney, she disappeared into a puddle on the ground and then was soaked up by the ground leaving no evidence that she was there.”

Steve picked Mariela up and put her in his lap.

The story continued a bit further, and soon, the players had decided that one reason or another, they would all join to check out where the mysterious peddler with the genie had come from.

They didn’t really get that far beyond deciding to follow the peddler because the peddler was in town for the next three days, so they kept watch on him, but spent the whole session drinking and bathing.

Mariela just sat on her uncle’s lap, and was starting to wiggle after a while, but said nothing.

“I don’t want you interrupting the story unless you absolutely have to,” he had told her before the guests had come. “If you need to pee or something, wait until you are sent for snacks, or until you are sure we are not going to need you to play your characters.”

Mariela remembered that, and the players still in town, and watching the guy with her genie character, she wasn’t sure when they were going to see her again, so she waited as patiently as she could.

The Dwarf, Stonechisel, stood up stretching a moment and eyed the door that led out of the room.

“Excuse me,” Steve said. “We covered in session zero, of course no one is stopping you from leaving the table, but if you are not here during an important encounter, you will fail all saving throws while you are not here to make them, all attacks on your character are automatic hits with attacks of opportunities, with 3 or 4 points of damage each time, and I will not go back for you. You’ll have to get the information from other players.”

The man stopped and looked over at Steve.

“I’m sorry, but these rules are as they are. I don’t want people just leaving the table willy-nilly especially during combat. As we are not doing anything important at this time, you can consider it a safe time to leave, but I wanted to remind you, that doing so during combat or other important time can have dire consequences, even killing your character.”

Stonechisel nodded. “Well, it’s not an important time, is it?”

And he walked out of the room.

The others looked over at Steve with sullen faces. Mariela had been there at session zero. She had heard him say these rules, so she knew he wasn’t lying. However, the others were starting to ask him about family emergencies, about the necessity of taking toilet breaks, and a handful of other ideas that came to mind, so Steve stood up and closed his books.

“That’s all the session for today,” he told them. “For the next couple of hours, or until everyone is satisfied, we will discuss table etiquette and what we want from this table. You are the ones paying me ten dollars a piece to run a story that allows you to immerse yourself in fantasy.”

Mariela walked up to her Uncle’s side and took his hand.

When someone went to speak, Steve shook his head and waved the hand down.

“We’ll wait for Stonechisel to return before we discuss this….”

When the bearded dwarf like man, though actually much taller came back into the room, and sat down, Steve began again.

“Alright, I’ve put the story on hold because we are having some problems with what was decided in session zero. Now, who is alright with someone taking a phone call and walking out of the table for thirty minutes in the middle of an important point, and us waiting on that person to come back?”

No one raised a hand.

“Who is alright with ending a session that you paid full price of ten dollars early because someone has to go home early, and we have to wait for them to continue the story?”

Again, no one raised a hand.

“So, you see what point I’m making, don’t you?” he asked the table. “If you just leave the table without any consequences, you hold up the story for everyone else, and if it happens to you, you aren’t very happy about it, are you?”

The players just sat there, fidgeting, as though not really sure how to respond.

“I don’t mean to be a dick here, but all of you are paying ten dollars a session, and so it is my job to make sure you are all treated fairly and evenly. If I play favorites with one for no apparent reason, I’d expect the rest of you to leave the table. If I let one person always stop the game for their own needs, regardless if it’s two minutes or its thirty minutes, I expect you will all feel like you’re losing your money and won’t want to return….”

“Okay,” Dewleaf frowned, his face actually seeming as narrow as an elf’s compared to the other two men at the table. “So, what are you proposing? None of us use the toilet?”

“What I’m proposing, is natural consequences,” Steve told them. “Now, Stonechisel did say that there was nothing of consequence happening, so he left knowing full well that I intended to have auto hits on him if combat came up, or auto fails if saving throws came up, but as of where you were, he used good reasoning, like any reasonable adult and knew it was a good time to take care of whatever….”

“Okay, but sometimes, when you gotta go, you gotta go,” Celestia said looking Steve in his eye.

“And if you gotta go, then you need to find a way to give us permission to continue without you, or be okay with others holding the story up when they need to do something they feel is important, regardless of how long it takes.”

Celestia frowned.

“So, here are the ways we can handle this:”

Steve put up one finger. “Automatic hits against your character, failed saves, and loss of your turn to attack with a weapon.”

Steve put up a second finger. “The monsters that was on you changes targets as if you are no longer there, and other situations that might have included you, skips you for that session, but at the end of a session, if you miss even one combat that way, you lose half the experience points for the night.”

Steve put up a third finger. “We all wait on everyone once someone leaves the table to come back, but remember, this will destroy immersion into the fantasy world, and you have only yourselves to blame when the story doesn’t feel exciting or well told. I will expect full payment for a night even if we only have a thirty minute game time because of disruptions.”

The others looked around at one another.

“So, Discuss this with each other. Also, any healing spells or anything beneficial that is meant to be bestowed on your character will only happen when you are in here in person regardless of how we decide to do it, so that is an important point to make, too.”

“Wait,” Celestia frowned at Steve. “You’re saying if I am sitting here, holding it because I gotta pee, I better hold it until the combat is over, or I will only get half the night’s experience points?”

“Well, actually, that is what the group is going to decide right now, Celestia. If we decide to wait on everyone to come back to the table, then that won’t be an issue, but if we decide one of the other ways, either you lose the experience points, or you fail all saving throws and you are auto hit on every attack that comes around at you until you get back.”

The woman looked down. “And what if I happened to walk out of the game right there, and just go home?”

“The first time, you will not get any experience for that night. The second time, you will not be invited back to play with us again.”

The men at the table looked at one another and shrugged.

“I’m good with failing saving throws and taking automatic damage,” one of them said.

“I’m good with either half experience or the failed saving throws and auto-damage a second person said.”

“Let’s do the failed saving throws and auto-damage,” the third man said. “I mean, honestly, if you can’t hold it, how long is it going to take to take a pee anyway? You’ll probably be back at the table before you took three hits.”

The woman crossed her arms. “None of you are playing a warlock, either! I don’t have that many hit points!”

“Surely, there are things you can do to reduce taking hits,” the men all countered her.”

“Didn’t Steve just say that all saving throws are automatic failures and all hits are automatic?”

Steven nodded. “I did say that, but you know, if you had a turn, and you casted a spell that might have mitigated… as long as you leave me a note about how long the spell is still in effect when you leave the table, I’ll leave your spell in effect. You won’t damage anyone though with a spell, and you won’t be able to cast a reaction spell or anything like that.”

“Fine,” the woman crossed her arms seeing how insistent every one was on the new rules. “Let’s do the auto damage and failed saves then if you are not at the table.”

Steve nodded.

“One more thing, I expect YOU to act like a party of friends, so I will not allow player verses player when someone is not in the room. That’s unfair to take advantage of someone using an unimportant time to take a needed break.”

The players all nodded.

“What if you have a surprise, though, and one of us is gone?” Mike asked.

“Well, if I can put it off until everyone is at the table, I will. Otherwise, if you are not at the table, and had no idea it was coming, I will divide the monsters up with who is there at the time, and the monsters will just noticed you when you get back to the table. Fair?”

The others nodded in agreement.

“Okay, well, we had to stop the session for today because you took exception to the rule you agreed to at session zero, and though we’ve already decided, the mood for the story is already spoiled. Hopefully, no one spoils the game next week. I will warn you like I warned Stonechisel today if you leave the table for the first time, whoever it is, but we will not discuss this again unless you force it.”

The players all nodded.

“Please pay on your way out, and have a good evening and the rest of the week until next weekend.”

Mariela frowned when the party all left, and then she walked over and sat in his lap.

“What if I leave when I’m not supposed to?” she asked.

“You will lose your silver coin for the night, and you’ll get a spanking for breaking your promise of being there and then not doing so.”

Mariela nodded.

“What if that lady really does have to pee, and because she’s at one hitpoint, she sits there and tries really hard, and then wets her pants?”

“Well, honey, first of all, I expect her to hold it. She’s an adult, unlike you. And if she does end up wetting her pants, then she and I’ll have a discussion about whether she wants to be in this group or not, privately. If she wants to continue in the group, then that will be all to it, the first time it happens. If she does it three times, she might find herself in your pullups.”

Mariela frowned. “You can’t make her do that, can you?”

“I can’t make her, no. But I doubt she’s going to want to keep embarrassing herself like that, so if your pull ups keep it between her and me, I’m sure she’ll appreciate that over the whole table knowing, and I’ll expect you to keep it a secret, too.”

“What if one of the men does that?”

“He’ll be booted from the table, no discussion. You heard them. It was mostly the men that decided the rules. Celestia just went along with it because everyone else had already decided.”

Mariela nodded.

“If a man can’t control himself at the table, then I don’t need a grown man child to clean up after. It’d be different if he was actually a little kid, like you.”

Mariela nodded.

“Children can’t help it, and honestly, I don’t expect the woman to just sit there and pee her pants either. It’s just a game. If she dies, she can make a new character.”

Mariela nodded.

“So, if I have an accident while we are in story time?”

“You are a little girl. If you have an accident, and it’s really an accident, you will not be punished at all, baby.”

She hugged him. “Okay.”
