The Princess and the pee: A Princess Peach story

Author: Redboi

*000*2021-06-01 17:18

It’s time; today is the day. I, Redboi, am going to try my hand at writing a Mario Bros desperation story. Ever since I was born around 19 years ago I have played a plethora of various Mario games and know a lot about our fellow blondie princess peach (or princess toadstool), but one thing no one ever knew was her history for wettings. This is that untold story.

Part 1: Introduction

The princess looked up and stretched; today was the day that she would be hosting Mario to a royal dinner at the castle, and she couldn’t be happier, but a strand of paranoia rose over her. Not unlike other occurrences, royal dinners that involved her often ended in the same fate.

Ever since Peach took over the mushroom kingdom as its rightful ruler she instituted a groundbreaking agricultural system which helped evolve the current toad population. This was the primary focus of the kingdom. What Peach was never able to do however, was establish a frontline defense around the kingdom, which caused ransacking from bowser and his minions. Toads were often wounded, terminated, or kidnapped to help build castles for bowser and Peach herself taken far away to bowsers home to be kept like a collectible. Other times Peach would be sailed away to the center of the universe. One time bowser even tried to marry her on the dark side of the moon. Bowser was always one step ahead.

Peach herself, despite her lack of war like leadership, was the best leader the mushroom kingdom ever had. She was kind, cunning, and had a knack for making good decisions. That is, when it came to ruling. Peach always had a reputation for holding her pee too long and ended up wetting herself many times during her rule. She always knew that to be professional you shouldn’t waste any time, and she never skipped a beat when she was in control. That sometimes came at the cost of a skirt and carpet every once and a while, but she believed firmly in no time wasted. Today was no different.

Peach went to the curtains and opened them up to get a fresh beat of air on her golden locks and face. She looked out to see some toads working on the outer vines of the castle which gleamed under the rising sun. She inhaled and smiled. Today was the perfect day. I wonder how happy Mario will be to see me.

Peach knew that she could have invited Mario’s brother Luigi too, but he was stuck trying to rid a haunted manor from ghosts, and that for Peach was just perfect. She always wanted to spend time with Mario alone, but she never got the chance due to her being the princess.

Mario was her gallant knight and savior when it came to her getting captured. He never failed, and he always saved her in style all the way back to hitting the hammer at the end of bowser’s tunnel. He was never slow, and she owed him her greatest gratitude. Her favorite parts were the trips back to the castle. Those were the only times when she could truly speak with him. She often tried to deny her feelings for him but to no avail, but she made sure to keep it secret for the sake of her kingdom. The least she could do was a little kiss on his cheek after he saved her.

Peach headed over to her dresser. She normally would wear her regular pink dress but decided against it today. Who cares if they say to be professional, I want to impress Mario. She decided to throw on her sports outfit which contained her favorite tight pink shorts which really made her behind stick out. She needed to entice Mario. She knew that in order for him and her to work he would need to speak out first, and that this was a start. She grabbed her mini crown and went out to set out preparations.

*001*2021-06-01 17:55

Part 2: The Kidnapping

Peach looked out at the large dining table and shook her head. “This won’t do, I only want one small, circular table for me and Mario.” She knew that the toads would understand the one table but knew they would wonder why she asked for a small table.

As the toads frantically tried to put the table away Peach felt a little familiar twinge near her crotch. Her bladder was filling. It was only 2:00 pm and her dinner with Mario was scheduled for 6. She knew she could make it and then go after the dinner but considered her options. She could always just go now and still have time to lead the preparation, but she knew she had to stay there to help out. Her kindness got the best of her and little did she know she chose the wrong decision.

...

It was 5:45 pm and everything was set up. Peach looked around and nodded with satisfaction before another wave of pain hit her bladder. This forced her to bend forward and grab her crotch. She tried to reassure herself: it’s ok, this dinner shouldn’t last too long and then I’ll hit the bathroom afterwards. I’m the princess after all, I should be able to hold my pee.

Fifteen minutes later she was sat next to Mario. His hat, his overalls, his mustache; everything about him was perfect tonight. I hope he likes what I’m wearing. Mmm, I really need to pee, but it’s ok, dinner shouldn’t be too long. Peach could hardly think about Mario as she struggled to keep back from flooding her chair. She could absolutely not wet herself around Mario. Despite all the wettings she had experienced over the years, Mario had never seen or figured out about any of them. She wanted to keep it that way. All she wanted now was to talk with him normally and finally get this cake served out so she could visit the bathroom.

The cake and more offerings of drinks were carted out towards the table as previous plates were cleared off the table. The cake was gorgeous, with a white frosting foundation decorated with pink and yellow stripes and a crown logo on top. Mario reached to slice some off but stopped and looked around. Peach was confused: why is he not cutting this cake? Come on Mario, I need to go! Then all of a sudden she heard an incoming noise as well. It sounded like, oh no, a bowser ship.

As the ship approached it parked itself around the stained glass windows and a figure approached. Peach was rushed over by a whirlwind of emotions. She was scared, annoyed, and more than ever desperate, as she started clawing her crotch trying to prevent a flow from happening. The figure stood there and looked to be pointing his figure at the window. Mario had already jumped out of his chair and stood in front of her. Time stood still, then it didn’t. A loud raging sound approached and the window and wall split in two. This sudden impact was enough to make a spurt dampen Peach’s panties. That was the least of her problems though, as a huge metal fist came and swiped her right on to bowsers ship.

Once laid safely down Peach found herself in a cell. Right came Mario along with her. She knew what would happen next, but knew that a more pressing issue was about to take over. That impact completely shot her bladder as she felt her strength dwindle. She knew she couldn’t hold it any longer. She knew Mario was looking on too. She let go.

Instantly a rocket of pee shot out into her pink panties and into her shorts, staining them and falling onto the hardwood floor below. Peach was prepared to be overcome with a feeling of sadness and mortification, but only the mortification came. She was instead presented with a feeling of true relief and euphoria. She found Mario’s eyes. He was in shock, his mustache shifted around and his eyes stayed widened as he continued to witness her. As the flow died down Peach’s breathing did as well, and when she finished she sat down in her own puddle and sighed. This is going to be a long day, isn’t it.

Thanks for reading! I loved writing these first few chapters and I’ll definitely do some more. Also, shout out to all my fellow Mario lovers out there .

*004*2021-06-18 11:39

Thank you all so much for being patient with me. I haven’t really had the inspiration to come back to this yet but I was just waiting for the correct time. Hope you enjoy this.

The Captivation:

Peach could not stop from looking down at the oversized puddle she had produced. Why would this happen to her? Why today? Why? Why? Why in front of MARIO? She wanted to cry again, but she knew her eyes were already stained from the mascara. She couldn’t just sit here in her pissy pity, she needed to do something.

Bowser was a tall koopaling for sure. It seemed to Peach like it was just wrong to call him a koopaling, but Bowser was just built different. “Mario, how nice of you to join us!” There really was no rhyme or reason why Bowser acted like this. I guess he’s just made of pure malice. He made his way over to a button. He pushed it, “NOT!”

Mario was sent flying into the air and down into the sea below. Peach’s last glimmer of hope of escape was gone. It was just her and Bowser. This was going to get ugly. “Peach, come with me.”

…

Peach was brought into a room with a table and cell. She already knew where she was going. The thing that surprised her though, was that Daisy was sitting there in the corner, resting. With a violent push, Peach was cast into the cell. The door was slammed shut. Bowser went to sit down. “So girls, it’s my birthday today. I hope you got me some gifts.” He smiled and started chuckling to himself. “No? Well if you wouldn’t mind I have a request for my birthday. I want both of you to wet your pants, right in this cell.”

Peach and Daisy looked at him in stunned silence. Daisy was the first to speak, “listen to me old man, we don’t want to participate in your perverted ass games!” Daisy looked stressed. Her autumn eyes were flickering in a way that showed that she was very nervous for the inevitable. Peach knew at that moment why she blurted out at him.

”Well Daisy, your bitch buddy Peach here already made a mess of herself on my ship deck, so it wouldn’t be the worst thing if you followed suit huh?” Daisy turned away from him and went to sit in the corner. Bowser shook his head, “fine, if you don’t want to cooperate, I guess I will just keep you in here. Guess you two won’t be joining us at the celebration. I was even willing to get you two new clothes too afterwards. Well, have fun.” Before he left he placed a little camera right down at the table pointed at them.

Peach shook her head, this is going to get worse, isn’t it.

…

“How long do you have Daisy?”

Daisy looked up at her with those same eyes. “Not long.”

Peach showed her her dress. “Look, I already went. I recommend that you just wet and make it obvious. Maybe he’d let us out then.”

“No! Are you crazy? I’m not doing that! That perverted creep isn’t getting a drop of that out of me on camera.”

”Well…” the camera was very well placed. Peach wasn’t surprised if it was deliberately placed to see the back right of the cell, where Daisy was camped. “We’re going to be here for a while.”

…

This was it. Daisy was completely at her limit for sure, Peach could tell. She was shaking like crazy, cross stepping, and it looked like she was crying. Peach went over to stroke her hair and all of a sudden she spoke. “Ok, I’m ready. I’m going to g-“ she was cut off by the raging laughter coming down the corridor. Bowser. You’ve gotta be kidding me.

Why was he here? It’s like he knew exactly when to…, she looked over at him,… the camera. He knew when to come because he was watching them the whole time. This camera wasn’t for capturing, it was a surveillance camera.

”Bowser! I’m pleading you! Please let me go to the bathroom! I’ll do anything for you.” Her pleas were overcome by her choking on her own sobbing.

Bowser sat back with a devilish grin on his face. “Nope, not happening.” He set another camera down. “Enjoy the show!”

At that moment Daisy burst. “I, I, can’t hold it anymore!” A familiar gushing sound filled the air and remained the only noise for the next 30 seconds. What came next was the patter of pee against the wooden flooring of the ship. What came last was the long extended sigh of Daisy. It wasn’t one of disappointment or sadness, it was one of relief. Peach stood there and looked at Bowser, he was looking at her. She sighed. This was going to get worse, she just knew.

Thanks for reading! I’ll get right on it with another chapter soon enough .

