Andersons Unlucky Day (a fanfic by Ktpq)

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-11-29 04:51

User on here wrote this for me as a favor. Used is Ktpq

It was a lovely afternoon the greatest golf game was about to start Anderson had prepared his chair with all his favorite snacks and chips as well as his drinking hat that came with two drink holsters that have straws that connect at the center for easy drinking.

He sat down and started watching the game started his favorite player was preparing to swing when he began to notice his bladder began aching for relief the sight of all the water flowing and drinking was beginning to catch up to him he glanced at the bathroom crossing his legs in a pretzel like formation glancing at the bathroom he did not wanted to mis any moment of the game he opted to hold it till the end witch for Anderson was torture waiting Anderson kept his tight gray pants legs crossed tight up to the crotch. His bladder sent off pulses. His legs crossed and uncrossed up to his chest. “Come...come on finish already.” All that soda filled his bladder and recalled when he had an accident at the play a few months ago. It took forever for the humiliation around the town to die out. At least it wasn’t public here.

It did not take long for the game to finish and Anderson thought to himself finally he said getting up crossing his legs . “Man I gotta pee.”

As he was aproching the door sweat going down his face as he began holding himself as he approached the door he noticed his wife “hey Andy I hope you were not planning on using the bathroom I was just about to clean it it needs like now “ Anderson was in shock standing holding himself his wife looking at him “ I guess I’ll just go in and clean it “ she says as she goes in to clean the restroom cleaning supplies in hand Anderson was stuttering as he was approaching the door watching it as the door closed infront of him.

Anderson was standing there doing a potty dance he knew his wife took her sweet time cleaning when in a frantic dance began running up the stairs to the only other bathroom available in there home as he ran up the stairs he walked passed this image of the waterfall that when someone moves by it it moves also making a sound of running water Anderson held himself harder hearing this it was his wife’s idea and now more than anything he hated it more then ever he hated it it did not take long for him to reach the door he began fumbling with the door knob he realized it was locked and began knocking on the door as he heard running water and his daughters voice dee dee through the door as she has humming a tone as she was taking a shower he had no choice but to wait for one of the two bathrooms to become available when in the distance you can hear the house phone ringing .

Anderson aproched the phone answering it “hello “ his boss responds “ Anderson good listen I need you here ASAP we got some clients coming in and I need you to lead the presentation you made and should know the material better than anyone “ Anderson had no other choice but to accept “I am on my way “ Anderson ran downstairs and into the bathroom but his wife pushed him out. "Honey I got to pee!"

"Sorry Andy but it needs cleaning you know how I am!"

"But I...ERgg...got work" She locked the door. Anderson still desperate fidgeting got his Keys and began his drive to work If was hard on him to drive up with how desperate he was luckily he made it without incident he began to rush in making his way to the bathroom as soon as he can but to his dismay there was a line as he heard an announcement come on “all the bathrooms are closed Do to a water leakage but the one in the main hall is open “ witch so happens to be the one Anderson is inline for he began to hold himself As Anderson waited in line holding his crotch he danced foot to foot. He felt his pee boiling inside and feared wetting himself in front of his coworkers. “Gee Anderson” a worker asked “act like an adult.” Anderson sweated and said, “I gotta pee I can’t help it. My bladder is the size of Texas.” His coworker smirked. Liking to tease the guy who stole is promotion.

“Well I guess WATER is a DRIPPING struggle then.” Anderson felt his need to empty his pee growing worse. His legs crossed as he bounced. “Tom please stop!” Tom continued, “as but water is nice boss.” Anderson moaned, “Errhhh!” Finally after reaching the door and Tom went in he said, “I wonder how long it will take me.” Anderson’s heart skipped a beat. Tom took at least ten minutes in the bathroom. Anderson knocked to hurry up and as Tom opened the door Anderson tried to rush in but Tom blocked.

“Tom get out of the way before I..” Anderson feared wetting his pants in public again. But it was becoming a possibility. He felt his pee ready to burst out. Then Tom laughed and moved.it took abit but he managed to get to the front of the line as he was about to head in you hear some yelling and then Anderson’s secretary runs into the unisex bathroom crying Anderson was alitle annoyed but managed to talk to his secretary to no avail she wasn’t leaving to Anderson dismay he heard his secretary start running the sink to wash her tears of it did nothing more to add to his desperation he looked at his watch and noticed he still had time he bolt it and ran of the door he did not want a repeat of what happened three months ago at his sons play he ran towards the shoe store he knew they had a public bathroom he could use.

As Anderson walked in he walked towards the bathroom but before he could a store attendant stopped him and asked him “excuse me sir would you like a pair of our new shoes act now and get 50% off “ Anderson responds with “no miss I’m good I got some business to take care off “ he says trying to get past her but to Anderson surprised this girl is having none of that she grabs him and forces him to sit “ nonsense what can be more important than shoes on sale “ she says trying to get him to try on shoes She takes his shoe off. With one foot up she measured Anderson sweat and shook. He grinds his teeth. His bladder pulsed excessively.

“Sir please stay still” the clerk said holding his foot still. “Ms please I really really need to-“ the clerk shusshed him at his lips. “Listen sir I need this raise. Now try that shoe on.” Anderson could not take anymore. He was going to explode in his pants. HE NEEDED TO PEE BADLY! He kicked up and hit the clerk. He slapped his shoe on and ran to the store bathroom, got inside and made it to the toilet in reach, smiled in joy, but security grabbed him and threw him out.

A fast food place and goes for it as he enters he runs for the men’s bathroom happy no one is there to pester him he is about to enter the stall when someone pushes past him and takes the stall he brushes it of he has no time for this he unzips his trousers and is about to pee in a urinal when two guys approach the urinals next to him and start using them Anderson is pee shy and can’t seem to get started he’s just standing there waiting for him to be alone Anderson squeezes as hard as he can but his pee cannot come out. He felt like his bladder would pop any second. His legs wobbled. “This is unfair. This can’t be happening again!”when he seas that he has to go to work he gets ready still desperate and sad he did not get to go he begins his desperate dash back to work .

Once at work he notices the bathroom no longer has a line and starts making his way towards it excited and happy to get to pee after getting to pee Anderson’s boss approaches him as he was moments away from relief “ Anderson just who I was looking for look the meating is starting now” just as his boss was starting to pull him away he looks at the door “I can’t I still need to go to the bathroom “ his boss looks at him and says “so do I but you know how these big corporate fellows are they can’t wait for nothing “ he says as he leads Anderson to the meating.

One there Anderson keeping his knees together was looking at all these men and women looking at him making him more anxious and nervous and it did not help with his predicament as sweat began began to form on his forehead and he could feel his heartbeat on his Throat he began his presentation was about water witch was no easy task as he began losing his hold Anderson’s legs crossed and uncrossed. He felt cracks forming on his bladder. There was too much inside him.

He thought “this can’t happen! Not again not again.” His boss asked “Anderson you okay?” Anderson legs together tight feet shuffled in place. By the time he was done with his meeting his bladder had expanded so much his belly pushed tight against his pants. Felt like blades cutting in. After the meeting he ran to the bathroom and tried to unbutton and unzip. But his bladder has expanded so much tight against his pants he pulled all his strength but could not undo his pants. His eyes widened as there was no hope. Anderson had to run home. As he left the bathroom his boss stopped him and brought him back in the room to discuss final details either everyone.

He began losing his hold as his body released all his pent up pee his bladder exploded like a water balloon popping it began to leave his body it felt great the feeling was almost as good as cold glass of lemonade going down your throat after working outside on a hot summers day his urine escaped his body like a damn finally releasing all its built up water as Anderson felt this it was so great he feel to his knees as his stomach deflated the feeling his bladder felt was that of a balloon finally getting all it’s air out alas the corporate people gasped in shock at this sight as they saw this grown man wettings himself as the saw the wet spot form and spread through his pants the hole room fell in silence as no one knew how to react or what to do for that matter.

Anderson soon came back to reality as the wonderful feeling of getting to finally pee after holding for so long was static soon ended as Anderson face went red as a tomato as he noticed every one was looking at him all he could do was look down at the puddle he made as tears began to form falling like raindrops adding to the pool of urine on his feet

THE END.

