Rexone Story Commissions - Page 6

Author: Rexone_312

*129*2024-03-17 13:45

{{3 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I was scrolling through the story looking at the A.I art it looks like with each piece of art. Her boobs were getting bigger and bigger

}}

Not a bad proposition, isn't it? The more she holds the bigger she grows. Gosh.. I need to use this premise again.

*131*2024-03-17 18:10

{{1 hour ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I said it somewhere on this site before like in a girl. The piss is stored in her boobs, instead of the bladder. Because in my head the bigger her boobs are the more peace you can hold inside of them And I know that.

's not how biology works, but it's just like an imaginary Scenario

}}

Of course I know it's not biology. But who cares if its a fun fictional scenario. 😁

*135*2024-03-18 15:36

{{19 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I wonder if that has become a story where pee is stored in a woman's boobs.And like the bigger her boobs are the more pee she can hold and like if my guy squeezes her boobs and makes her need to go more

}}

I had written one story earlier on my blog on similar premise. Let me find it for you ;-)

{{7 hours ago, Resch said:

Amazing story. Loved that Yoline wants to proof him that she has a iron bladder.

}}

Yes, it was a nice twist to the story. There's something so sexy when a girl wants to push herself and hold longer and longer

{{4 hours ago, eucoloco said:

I love the story. And I love the ending, so Darius is a new inspiration for me rn

}}

I was waiting when someone would point that out. What do you think about Darius's capacity? Could he beat Yoline?

*139*2024-03-19 15:36

{{23 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

Wonder if that has become a story where pee is stored in a woman's boobs.And like the bigger her boobs are the more pee she can hold and like if my guy squeezes her boobs and makes her need to go more

I had written one story earlier on my blog on similar premise. Let me find it for you 😉 Alright.

I can't wait to read it when you find it.

}}

Well, I found it: You can read it here on my old blog:

%https://life-without-toilets.blogspot.com/2015/07/the-couple-who-must-hold-it-part-1.html

It's a multipart story. I hope you enjoy it. I will be waiting to hear from you ;-)

{{21 hours ago, eucoloco said:

I hope Darius can beat Yoline, otherwise his macho pride would be hurt, and he would lose authority over her bladder. There's only one way to find out 💙

}}

You're damn right! ;-)

*142*2024-04-14 06:22

@Frooger

: Damn! I missed to respond to you. I am sorry for being so late. But I am so happy you loved the story :-D

*143*2024-04-14 06:29

Hi Omo Lovers! I have come with a new story for you all.

Our college heroine Disha returns for more bladder bursting action. It includes both male and female pee desperation.

Do let me know in your comments what you think of it. It would mean a lot to me :-D <3

Now let's get started:

Sunrise to Sunrise - 3.0:

Day 0 – The Plan:

A few weeks after the tech conference our semesters got over, followed by a 3-week holiday. My life changed forever since that eventful night at hotel. I was an absolute favourite of the group, may be except Disha. Truth be told, I had been fucking them day-in, day-out throughout the term especially when I was nursing a close to throbbing bladder. “We really got to pit you against Disha. Would be epic.” They often joked. I never really cared why.

Around 4 days before the holidays got over, my phone buzzed. I was added into a WhatsApp group by the same gang of girls. “What’s up girls?” I began. What followed was a flood of messages and I was invited to a 2-day staycation to a beach-hours. It was their idea of a ‘BANGING’ start to the new term. All the 4 girls were ‘persuasive’ enough to convince my dick.

Day 1 – The Backdrop:

The next morning, around 6AM, I woke up with the usual strong ache in my bladder. One could hear my pee slosh inside me. “Delicious!” I thought to myself kneading my dick – the only one allowed after waking up. I wanted to push my limits for long and the trip presented the perfect opportunity. After a nice fake pee to taunt my bladder I changed into layers of tighter briefs - the kind which really squeezed my meat hard. It was a struggle to fit my distended bladder in my jeans. Buttoning it up definitely worsened the ache. I was making it super hard on myself, that’s what strong men do, right?.

As I had my quick breakfast my phone buzzed. “We are here Rex. Don’t you keep your girls waiting. I felt my stomach churn in excitement. They arrived sharp at 7AM. I hurriedly chugged my daily jar of cranberry juice. My bladder was angry with the inflow of this additional load, but I silenced it like every other morning. I wanted to push myself beyond my routine of 36 hours. My manhood stiffened inside as I imagined myself laying the entire trip without a drop of relief. Of course, it was risky, but I would rather wet myself than pissing in front of my fuck friends. Breakfast was had. I tanked up more liquids as I normally would, telling my bladder to somehow find room to expand. I filled up my bottles and started off. Fortunately, my parents were asleep, so they didn’t suspect me to be holding or anything.

I was welcomed by my lovely half-naked friends. Crop tops, unbuttoned shirts, micro shorts, and what not! “I used to think girls only dressed like these in the movies,” I chuckled as they pulled me in the backseat. I was immediately hard, being squeezed two top-heavy hotties. As we sped off the two had their hands, already fondling my inner thighs. One of them whispered in my ear, “Rex, if this obscene - wait till we pick up Disha!”.

“WAIT! WHAT? WHY DIDN’T YOU TELL ME EARLIER?!! She was not even in the WhatsApp group!” I was so annoyed. I would have made sure to be extra cautious with my drinks then.

“Chill! It was all last minute!” The girls started talking together. “She called me up at 1 in the morning and asked every fucking detail of the plan!”.

“She seemed pretty excited about it.”

“Of course she would be! She thinks she can hold it for two days!”

“Our big boy bruised her ego after that overflowing performance at the hotel.”

“She trains non-stop for it.”

I was intrigued. What more could she possibly do to hold longer? My mind was clouded with so many questions.

“Well, Rex has trained us too. I think we can hold longer than her, if need be.”

“Nah! C’mon. . .” The girls bantered and suddenly we were tossed inside the cabin. THUD THUD – a loud noise filled the cabin, as the car went over a nasty pothole. I winced in discomfort as the elbow of the girls poked into my bladder. It caught their attention. “Woah! What’s up with you Rex?” The girl to my left leaned on me cupping my stiff member. “Did you skip your morning pee too?” Another one chimed in. I felt their hands pushing and prodding my bladder and the bulge of my dick.

“Nothing to worry about!” I just smiled and shrugged it off. Inside my mind, I was beaming with pride though.

“How much? How long?” They looked at me biting their lips and dilated pupils.

“Relax girls, I held more than this when I was a kid,” I tried to act calm, but the sudden jolt and so much attention surely dialled the pressure up. In fact, I was fighting the growing waves with sheer willpower.

“When are you planning to go?”

“Not soon.” I looked straight into their eyes, gripping their waist tightly. Little did they know I was clenching my pee hole just as hard to hold my twenty-two hours’ worth of pee.

“Jeez, you are making me wet already.” The girls wiggled closer.

Day 1 – The Drama:

At 9AM our car halted right outside the driveway to Disha’s house, but she was nowhere to be seen. The girl at the wheel dialed Disha and shushed us. I was fanning my legs already in anticipation. The girls held my thighs firmly and signaled me not to do so. Little did they know how hard the breakfast juices were hitting me.

“Babe where are you? We are outside?”

“W-wait. I am just. . .” There was a sound of a water being chugged from a bottle. Disha seemed breathless.

“Disha, I told you a thousand times, DO-NOT-SKIP-YOUR-MORNING-PEE!” The girl grinned at me. “You know what happened the last time at the Tech con, right?”

“I peed just a while ago!” Disha tried to convince, still panting.

“What exactly do you mean by A-WHILE-AGO?” The girls kept grilling Disha.

“6PM, yesterday! Ok bye!” She hurriedly hung up the phone. I swear I heard her gasp before the call dropped. 15 hours, I noted to myself as opposed to 24 hours of mine.

“Please don’t tell her that you heard the call. She tends to get a little whiny when she is desperate for a pee.” The girls rushed me out of the car and strapped me to the driver seat.

I forced a smile as pee rushed to my aching pee hole. When I turned my head towards the doorstep, where the gang was waiting. They seemed a slightly squirmy. A quick look at the half empty water bottles and crushed juice cans told me the reason. The drama started a short minute later when the door opened. There she was - the bustiest and sexiest of them all. The pressure in my bladder was immediately replaced by raging arousal looking at her.

Disha was naked, well almost, her boobs heaved dangerously as she happily chugged from a litre of water, without a care. Her mother looked at her with anger and contempt. Her younger sister too came out – probably 11 or 12 years old. She started pulling Disha’s belt or skirt – whatever was stretched across her hips. She hurriedly gulped down the water and pulled her black thong and skirt back in place. “Dee! That’s my tube top. You can’t just wear it like a skirt. Mom she has taken all my tube tops in her bag.” The little girl complained.

“I am warning you Disha - a bra and a belt cannot be your dress!” Her mother was furious. “And what’s with all that water? You haven’t used the bathroom since yesterday evening!”

“Ma! This is a bralette, and this is a skirt, not a belt.” Disha was equally furious, “And stop embarrassing me. I am an adult; I can hold my pee.”

“Disha! Don’t get started with holding again,” Her mother suddenly grabbed her arm. “Just get changed and for God sake, go to the bathroom before you leave. You are swollen.”

“Just let me go, Ma!” She whisked her arm away, “I am covered properly, and I am just going to control!”

“Disha, she is right – just be comfortable before we start!” The girls tried to reason but that only strengthened her determination.

Day 1 – The Pickup:

Disha strutted to the car angrily and paused for a moment to steady herself. She took a deep breath before hopping inside the car. I ogled at her glistening silicone globes squishing and bursting out of her cups. “Like what you see?” She began with a slight shakiness in her voice. “I love it but that’s not quite enough” I winked at her, and we finally began the journey. It took a while before the tension eased out and soon began her banter with us.

The morning sun lit her perfect face and her sweaty cleavage shimmered; I caught her biting her puffy lips after constant sips from her bottle. She gripped her smooth milky thighs whenever we bumped potholes. Shifting in her seat was a constant. She tried to be casual but to me it was carefully strategized. I was sure that the water was already catching her up. But not an ‘Oof’ came out of her mouth. I determined myself to stay and act just as calm. Around 11AM, all the girls got quieter, including Disha. She was subtly squirming in her seat, trying to push herself against the footboard at times.

“What’s wrong girls? You have all gone quiet.”

Disha snapped out of her intense concentration. After one quick glance at the girls she sighed, “Looks like I am not alone.”

“What?” I asked confused.

“They really have to pee.” She mouthed at me.

I looked at the gang through the mirror. One buried her face in the phone. One looked out of the window, with her hand clutching her waist tightly. The third one sat on her heels biting her lips and the fourth one shoved her hand in between her legs, rocking back and forth. I craned my neck further – their bottles were empty. “Girls,” I announced, “I am going to pull over at a gas station. Does anyone need a quick break except me?” I stressed the last few words as an open challenge to Disha.

The cabin was suddenly electrified. The sudden mention of a break unsettled even Disha. The water from earlier and even the bottle she sipped steadily was almost gone. A distended bulge pushed her skirt down forming a nice whale tail and much to her dismay her organ was filling faster than she liked. As we crawled through the line of cars, tension grew in the cabin. I watched the girls nodding and squirming, waiting to raid the rest room. I found Disha keeping her eyes tightly shut. She quickly placed her hands under her thighs, gripping her thighs tightly – as if to pull them from crossing.

“You too can ‘GO’ Disha?” I fired the first shots. I could feel my heart at the back of my throat. The girls at the backseat stopped moving at once. Pin drop silence prevailed in the cabin.

“ABSOLUTELY NOT! My bladder can remain shut tight.” She gaped at me with furrowed eyes.

“I was just concerned for you Disha, that’s all.” I tried to act nonchalant.

“Really? You know what. . . I am actually going to get myself more juice to drink.” She gulped down her throat.

“Disha don’t be stupid. You haven’t even gone since yesterday and you have downed so much of water already.” The girls tried to reason.

“I can control myself! You guys are just jealous that you all don’t have enough control.” Disha snapped at all of us. “Prove me wrong. Try not to pee till we reach.” The girls got caught in the crossfire. As the attendant pumped gas into the car, I turned back to Disha. “Disha, you just said you could GET-MORE-JUICE. Go help yourself.” I stressed. She hesitated for a moment but then hurriedly stepped off the car, locking us inside. Once Disha was gone the girls were all fuming.

“What does she think of herself?”

“Are we like schoolgirls to her?”

“We really need to show her that we all can hold it when the situation demands.”

“Give us some tips Rex. You are the master here.”

Their words definitely fuelled my boner to levels unknown. I was fighting an epic battle to hold my pee and my orgasm both. I couldn’t believe my luck that I was sharing a ride with 5 desperate girls. “Girls, just remember what I taught you earlier - breathe normally and clench your butthole and . . .” I stopped abruptly as my eyes fell on Disha, as she stood at the vending machines, slightly shifting her weight from one foot to other, calves tensed. Her peachy ass stretched out the undersized skirt. One fist to the sides of her thighs, while she furiously punched the buttons with the other hand.

“Rex, please tell us more.” They nudged me.

“Don’t fight it. Just accept that you have to pee and let your muscles handle the load. . .” I started to guide them, but Disha suddenly appeared, balancing a dozen or so mini fruit juice bottles in her arms. I saw their confidence turning into panic in split second. “You got this,” I mouthed to the girls. Disha promptly shoved two bottles in everyone’s hand but kept three for herself. She looked knowingly at me as if telling me – HOLD IT IF YOU CAN.

For the remainder of the journey, Disha kept chugging the bottles like clockwork. After every gulp she gently massaged her bulge. I could hear her breathing through her teeth and that distinct hissing sound. Any bump immediately translated to a suppressed moan or fanning of legs. However, she never resorted to crossing her legs. At the same time, she kept the girls on their toes. When one of them tried to throw away a bottle, she scolded her. When they shoved the bottles down the seat, they were caught in her rage again. In the next half hour of the journey, the girls somehow downed the first of their bottles. The second one was still intact. I could see the pain on their faces. “I bought these for you to stay hydrated. I don’t like things being wasted.” She turned towards the gang and showed them her own juice bottles – empty and crushed. “Don’t whine like schoolgirls or else admit that you can’t hold it.”

To the girls, Disha appeared under absolute control, but they couldn’t see what I saw from my experienced eyes. Her legs were glued tightly and curled up on the seat. And with she sneakily pulled the seat belt away from squishing her bulge. By the way, it was now significantly bigger and approaching her navel. When I looked down, to assess my own fullness, I could no longer see the buckle of my belt piercing my bulge. The seat belt formed a valley on my belly. My dick hurt and so did my buttock after so much clenching. I took the last sip from my bottle and coincidentally my eyes fell on the rear-view mirror. The girls were all looking at me with pleading eyes. A suicidal idea came to my mind.

“You know what girls. Since this is your first holding competition, I will help you to prevent wastage.” I looked straight into Disha’s eyes. At first she couldn’t understand but then the girls started passing their fully sealed bottles to me. As I cracked them open Disha interrupted me. “This is cheating.”

“Why? What’s wrong?” I calmly asked her as my bladder throbbed from within. I felt the cool of the juice travel down my chest and accumulating inside my pained bladder. It was a strange sensation, dull ache plus the sudden cool.

“They are supposed to drink it, not you.” She was angry. “Besides, I don’t want to see you whip your thing out in the middle of the road.”

“Disha, chill. I don’t take bathroom breaks during staycations. I will contain ALL OF IT.” I calmly replied, looking straight into her eyes. The girls looked at me with disbelief as the I finished all the four bottles, under an hour. I was never good at coping with sudden large volumes in short durations, but pride came first. Needless to say,

Day 1 – The Beach-house:

By 1pm, I was badly desperate. The final pathway from the highway to the beach-house was through a dense tree-covered road and a surface that could rival the craters on the moon. The girls whimpered in the back seat as the car rumbled. I held my breath throughout the patch, my forearms shook from the efforts. Disha’s composure was deteriorating rapidly. Her head hung low, and face etched with lines of strain. As the car shook more, I got a sneak of her tightly clenched under thighs all the way up to her butt cheeks, sweating profusely. She grabbed the arm rest and the door handle as if her life depended on her. She was clearly trying to hide her predicament from me.

Then we finally stopped at the destination - a retro beach villa right next to the beach – no one spoke a word. Silence fell in the cabin as I turned the engine down. “Have we reached?” Disha asked in a whispering voice. I nodded. My eyes were still shut as I fought the tsunamis inside. When the hostess approached us and knocked on the window, I almost lost a spurt. Disha gasped for air and her back arched involuntarily, leaving a sweaty print on the seat. She was practically shaking to stem a leak. The girls quickly unbuckled their seat belts, followed by long ‘Oooohs’ and ‘Aaaahs’. I and Disha followed suit. Our bags were unloaded by the hostess and me, while Disha leaned on the front door and head thrown back.

I could see her thighs tensed up. Getting out of the car to stand up severely upset her overfilled bladder. She squeezed her thighs tightly and her hips wiggled noticeably. She pursed her lips and breathed through her mouth slowly, as if to calm herself down. She kept trying to pull away her unforgiving skirt away from her bulge but in vain. With the other hand she was rubbing down on her abdomen. It must have been herculean to not push her hand down into her crotch and gain some relief. The girls were no better. They leaned on one another. They were doing a subtle yet pronounced pee dance and whispering among themselves with all sorts of animated expressions. For a moment I felt I was in an episode of the Kardashians.

Once inside, the hostess welcomed us with glasses of Nimbu Sherbet (lemonades). I tried to tally all the water I had consumed so far, and once I realized I had exceeded the 4-litre mark, I stopped counting. Even for Disha, she was doing close to 3.5 litres already. But if I backed down now, Disha would think I am weak. So, I forced a smile and picked up a tall glass, furiously kegel-ing at the same time. She quickly did the same and started chugging it. “This is suicide.” I heard one of the girls say as they picked up the glasses. “If you want to ‘freshen up’, the bathroom is at the end of the corridor.” The hostess joyfully said as we finished the juices.

Disha was already on the couch, her legs rapidly bobbing up and down. She pretended to be on her mobile, but I knew she was just stalling the inevitable. The girls expectedly looked at her. “Disha, we all are going now. We have proved that we can hold it like you.” Their sweaty midriff and the low denim shorts clearly highlighted the bulge they were sporting. It seemed the girls were holding a piss-load just as big as Disha, if not bigger.

“That’s ok. I will think about it only when we reach our hostels.” Disha said with a strained voice.

“What the fuck! That’s two days away Disha. Don’t be stupid. You can try another hold right after this.” They sensibly suggested.

“Rules are rules - No peeing outside my own bathroom.” Disha snapped and hurriedly went inside to check the property. Her rigid posture and stiffened butt spoke volumes about her struggle.

Once she was gone the girls pounced on me, “Rex this is getting difficult for us. We all have to go REALLY bad.” They looked at the bathroom door biting their puffy lips.

“Mind if I check it?” I looked down at their tightly compressed bellies. Though they were hesitant they allowed me to squeeze. I began gently and gradually increased the pressure. Their legs twitched as I pushed and prodded them one by one. Each squeeze was accompanied with a gasp or a moan. I continued squeezing for a few more minutes until they begged me to stop.

“So, what do you think, Master?” Came a question with a strained voice. The rest of the girls eagerly nodded with furrowed expressions, still reeling with the sudden increase of pressure at their pee holes.

“You all are firm yet squishable vs this. . .” I pulled up my T-shirt to let them feel me.

“Dude! Are you sure that’s your bladder?” They all tried to squeeze it with all the might. I felt my soul escaping my body due to the pain. I trembled to stand straight, and my face turned blue. “I feel I am trying to press on a bone. It just won’t go in.”

“Enough now girls!” I gently pushed them away. “That’s a sign of being at limits. You all can go for much longer. When did you all go last though?”

They hemmed and hawed for a few seconds and then their eyes widened. “OMG, we all haven’t gone since. . .”

“Heyyy! Are you ok?” The girls were interrupted. We heard the hostess worriedly call out. We all rushed inside. “Is it hurting? Do you need to use the bathroom?” The hostess was sat next to Disha on a bed, rubbing her back. Disha’s nails were digging into her thighs as she rocked back and forth, head hung low. “No. No bathroom. I barely had a few fruit juices on my way here.” Disha squeaked.

“The gas station ones? You should NEVER drink those. They put so much saccharin in it.” The hostess observed.

“They contain saccharin?” Disha’s face turned pale and so did mine. It was the biggest enemy of my bladder and perhaps for her too. “FUCK FUCK FUCK! I won’t even survive one night like this.” I heard her curse herself. My mind-state was pretty much the same after realizing how was my desperation growing so rapidly in the last few hours.

“Looks like the saccharin is getting better of her.” Came a hushed comment.

“Remember how she wet herself after that fresher’s party. She tanked up too many canned juices.” They started giggling. Disha had wet herself. How did I not know it.

“What are you laughing at . . .” Disha suddenly snapped.

“No one’s stopping you to use the bathroom Disha! No need to be a cry-baby.”

“Do you have any clue how much am I holding onto. Just because I had a moment of weakness you start questioning my abilities.” I had never seen Disha lash out so badly. “Maybe I know why. You all are wearing diapers and have peed in them already!”

“Mark our words Rex. We are banning ourselves from peeing till she wets herself.” That comment didn’t go down well with the girls. The panic in their eyes suddenly turned into anger and then into determination.

The hostess turned red faced at this awkward conversation and hurriedly left the room. A little later we were done with lunch – an awkwardly quiet one. After that the hostess showed us around the rest of the property. It was 3pm now. 21 hours for Disha and 30 hours for me. And I still didn’t know how long the girls had been holding it or how long could they hold for. On the other hand, my dick was throbbing non-stop, and it was taking a significant amount of concentration to stop the pee from reaching my pee hole. I steeled myself to walk straight with the girls in my arms while Disha walked behind us, forcing a straight posture and a poker face. As the house tour ended, she showed us the bedrooms, “The one on the ground floor has an attached bathroom and the one above doesn’t.” I announced that I will take the upstairs, quickly followed by Disha. That led to a hushed murmur between the girls as if we gave them the hottest gossip.

“I am going to take a nap. . .” Disha announced trying to keep her voice level. Her hands hovered near her crotch and her legs seemed shaky. The waistband of her tiny skirt pierced into her bulge. The girls wasted no time to mock her, “We all know when you take a nap Disha”, “Grabby, grabby!”

“Oh! It is coming out. It is coming out.”

“Rex, if you stayed with us at the hostel you would see her true self. Behind all this drama of being super strong, she’s going ABSOLUTELY MAD.” One of them pointed out to me.

“Don’t you dare!” Disha tried to intervene, but a sudden bladder spasm perhaps stopped her midway.

“Really? Then let’s all go to the beach.” Another girl suggested. “And we all change here, in front of each other so that no one can grab themselves,” looking at Disha suspiciously. I had never felt my manhood grow so thick and so hard ever before. As the tight bras came off their breasts popped out with a bounce. Sweat glistened on their toned bodies. The girls squirmed as the shorts refused to unbutton. Eventually they helped each other out of their sweaty denim confines providing temporary relief to their aching organs. There were red imprints of the seams on their butts and hips. Once their underwear came off, one of them teased me, “Enjoying the view?” I nearly came at her words. The size of their bulge was significantly big, almost alike Disha’s. Their shiny sweaty legs crossing and uncrossing all the time as they battled to tie their bikini bottoms.

“You girls are handling it way better than I imagined.” I complimented the bikini clad gang. Disha, remained seated quietly on the couch, glaring it at me. I felt a bit strange, but I didn’t think much of it. As I unbuttoned my jeans finally an involuntary moan escaped from my mouth. “That feels good!” I said to myself while marvelling at its true size.

“I thought you are just as ‘STRONG’ as your girls there.” Disha taunted me, making air quotes with her hands. She opted to stay in her current attire. She sat on her heels, which was her method to stem the growing pressure.

Day 1 – The Evening Stroll:

Once at the beach, I couldn't keep my eyes off the girls. It was an absolutely delight to see them clench and unclench their butts. They clung to me every time a wave washed our feet. "How are we doing girls?" I teased them, doing my best to not sound strained. I could hear Disha closely following us.

"Sunny beach with a full bladder – can’t get better." The girl to my left responded, albeit clawing my arms.

“How are you so calm Rex. If I were even half as full, I would have flooded the beach already.” The questions kept coming.

“I know you girls want me to hold even more. Just doing that.” I emphasized loudly to make sure Disha heard me.

“Yes, I have never seen a stronger man.” I was gifted a peck on my cheek.

“The question is – can she hold more?” The other one pointed out to Disha, who was barely managing. I could see her long cast shadow from the corner of my eyes. She was indeed arched forward, and fists closed tightly by her side.

“I CAN!” She remained resolute. “In fact, I am thirsty, and I need something to drink.” Came a daring suggestion with a strained voice. The girls sheepishly looked at each other. Whenever they thought they had an advantage on Disha, she would pull a new move to shake them. Anyway, we all waddled to a nearby fruit vendor and ordered 6 tall mango juices. The vendor girl seemed confused,

“Umm, ladies are you sure? Mango juice is not recommended if you are pregnant.”

The girls burst into laughter, “We don’t know, you ask the father.” They all pointed to me. I blushed furiously and got them the drinks.

The mango juice, initially a refreshing treat, hit me like a freight train. My body just tensed up immediately as the cool hit my ballooned bladder. The girls winced at the sips and fidgeted around. They realized that they fell into Disha’s trap. The first one was now shifting uncomfortably at her place. Every few seconds, her gaze would dart towards the distant line of palm trees, a nervous twitch playing at the corner of her mouth. The other one, had gone uncharacteristically quiet, only managing short, strained replies to any conversation. The third and the fourth one bless their soul, were trying to distract themselves by building a sandcastle. Their bikini bottoms were simply invisible underneath their bulges now.

Even after 15 minutes only half of their glasses were gone. Only when the vendor asked whether the juice was not good they speeded up. They all clasped the cold glasses tightly and put to their thick lips. The first girl took a large gulp, only to grimace and hold her breath for an uncomfortably long time afterwards. The second, after downing half her glass in one go, let out a high-pitched squeal and started fanning herself frantically. The third one buried her hand between her legs, her usually cheerful face muffling a scream. The fourth, after a particularly large swig, slammed the glass down with a force that sent a spray of juice flying.

My heart was pounding right from the first sip. The familiar burning sensation inside my bladder returned. My breathing came in short bursts. Inhale-sip-hold-exhale. Disha's sheer willpower too seemed to waver slowly. Her toes curled as she forced down the tall mango juice. "You OK babe or shall we get you a diaper?", one of attempted to get on Disha’s nerves.

"Never been better." She lied through her teeth and subtly arched back. When the vendor asked if we wanted to have more, Disha quickly asked for a repeat throwing me a challenge. Typical mind-games from her. I didn’t want to be left behind and got myself another one too. Disha decided to chug it entirely at once, not wanting to undergo the slow torment. “See, I am done with the second already.” She smiled victoriously while I looked at my own overflowing glass with anxiety.

Sweat dripped from my head with every gulp. It pierced my insides as if the ice deposited right at the tip of my pee hole. I was clenching-unclenching my muscles with all my concentration. 33 hours of pee was bubbling inside my organ. Disha somehow seemed to manage her 24-hour load with a forced composure despite her worries of Saccharin just a few hours back. Her hair clung to her face and the hem of her clothes stained with sweat. She maintained a facade of composure for the longest. But even she couldn't hide the way her lower lip kept trembling ever so slightly. There was a reason why I considered has the bladder queen among all.

As I was shifting my weight from one foot to the other, with arms tightly folded the gang suddenly asked me to give them privacy for some 'Girl' talk. I obeyed and moved to a distance.

"I just don't get it. We all know you are at your limits here. What's the harm in admitting that?" Another one chimed in, obviously frustrated with the rapidly rising pressure. They thought I couldn't hear them. "Why do you always behave differently when he is around?"

"First of all, I don’t have any limits to hold my pee. Secondly, I don't behave differently in front of him." Disha answered, constantly huffing and puffing.

"If he isn’t around, you openly hold it in front us. We have even held out the dust bin for you to pee in, when you tried to compete with Rex during extra classes but couldn't make it out of the building."

"That happened only once, and I was holding for nearly 36 hours." Disha tried to fight back.

"Correction! Once every few weeks!" The girl threw her arms in the air, only to quickly shove then between her legs.

"See I don't do that. I can always behave like a proper girl." Disha straightened her back to prove her point.

"Well let’s see if the proper girl can beat us today. If you can’t, you won’t get to ride – EVER!"

“Speak for yourself bitches!” Disha steeled herself.

Day 1 – The Hike:

A few hundred photos with pained expressions later, we returned to the villa around 8pm. 26 hours since her last relief and 35 hours for me. Because of the darkness outside I couldn’t really see Disha’s current bulge properly. As she sat opposite to me for dinner, my eyes fell on her bulge. It was humongous – definitely resembling a 4-month pregnancy. Her body was covered in sweat. Her movements were slow and calculated which clearly showed the torture she was putting herself through. Though painful, she made sure to finish all the spicy Kolhapuri items served by the hostess. Hot breath hissed from her lips as she chugged tall glasses of water to negate the chilly on her tongue. After her third glass of water, she grunted aloud – the vein on her forehead was protruding as she held her breath. I bent down quickly and found that her sweaty legs were tightly crossed.

“She is going to lose it.” My neighbouring girl whispered to me. “She always over-estimates her capacity. Had she consumed normally she would just squirm around, after holding for a day. But all the saccharin and the overload of drinks has destroyed her. Disha shoving her hand under is a sign that end is near.” Her words were making sense. The last time at the trip she reached this state perhaps around hour 32 or so. I could see each line of Disha’s forehead clearly. She gave all her power to keep her sphincter locked up against this additional load. My girls were no better. Each one sported a similar bulge like Disha and I felt proud of it. Their moans were now constant and every now and then they stopped in their tracks to fight off the waves. Their bikini bottoms remained absolutely spotless yet.

After the dinner we were about to start for our adventurous night-hike through the dense woods. The forest was well-known in the country for glowing plants/bioluminescence. The girls squeezed themselves back into their tiny denim shorts and tried everything in their power to button up their shorts, but the pressure was far too ridiculous to try that. The very fact that they attempted to do that despite that heavy load of pee was mind-boggling to me. I too shimmied myself into my cargos and Disha still chose to be half-naked in her ensemble.

“Ahem, does anyone want to use the ahem, washrooms before we start?” The hostess asked nervously looked at us. She herself seemed a bit antsy but I didn’t think too much of it. “Nope, not us” The girls announced panting under their breath. Their tensed expressions and absolute unsteady legs told otherwise. Disha on the other hand simply nodded her head and went inside the house. We couldn’t believe our eyes. I made an excuse about forgetting something and quickly went after her. I saw Disha hurriedly enter the bathroom, not even checking if the door is properly locked.

I sneakily stood outside fully expecting to hear a bombardment of pee in the WC instead I just heard rustling and shuffling noise. I peeked inside and saw a scene that got etched in my mind. Disha with her hand shoved inside her tight underwear. I could see her fingers rapidly squeezing and moving underneath the fabric. After a while she called someone on her phone. Thankfully she put it on loudspeaker and continued to squeeze herself.

“WHAT THEF FUCK DISHU! I have been texting you all day and you only call me now.” I heard a girl from the other side.

“AJ

, there’s no time for that. I am DYING TO PEE and I am already standing in a bathroom! Like I have drops on my fingertips. I have been kegel-ing, breathing in rhythm, have lowered my skirt, took a painkiller. Nothing works.”

“We peed together yesterday. You surely can’t be that desperate in just 26-27 hours. Did you fuck him already? It can really worsen it!”

“NO NOOO! Not yet. But my rather his girls, have challenged me to beat them in a holding competition. If I win I will fuck his brains out. But I don’t know if I can do it, I stupidly drank like 3 bottles of saccharin juices and like a bucket of other drinks to show them who is the boss!”

“Sucks to be you. But given your stupidity the only way you can save your dignity is by making it impossible to pee.”

“Like we used to do at school. Fake it till you make it” Disha was shuddering.

“Yep! Keep texting me. I will support you through the end. Remember that girls don’t pee!” AJ hung up the phone.

I couldn’t believe what I just heard. Disha proceeded to flush the toilet, washed her hands. Her bladder screaming at her for an actual release but in vain. She quickly dabbed off her sweat, tightened the laces of her skirt squeezing in her bulge. I quickly came out of the villa. I decided to keep quiet about it and play along Disha to see where it goes.

The girls eagerly asked me if she really went. I nodded in affirmative. Their faces turned pale to hear that. With the psychological barrier gone, their composures were thrown out of the window. Within seconds I saw the girls go frantic. The zips of their jeans came further down, and their backpacks dropped on the ground. As Disha stepped out of the villa she sported another big bottle of water in her hand. “I feel so light that I don’t have to think about it for the next two days.”, she teased the girls and patted her squeezed bladder. Then she took a mouthful of swig from her bottle and proceeded to join the hostess. Even she was rather stunned at her decision to relieve herself.

Hardly an hour or two into the hike and battered by the steep uneven terrain the girls were losing their minds. With one hand holding the sticks and the other hand tightly grabbing the crotch the girls were on the verge of exploding. I heard the girls hush among themselves.

“How could she pee j-just like that?”

“She pl-played us girls. We are going to look like fools now.”

“I might actually need a diaper in a while.”

The girl in front of me was on the verge of a collapse. She could barely keep her legs apart for a few seconds. The one behind me kept squatting down. The other two shamelessly had their hand inside their tight underwear. Whenever the hostess stopped on her way to explain our surroundings even she squirmed from one foot to the other. Disha however remained still. Her legs close together but casually. A slight smile pasted on her puffy lips. Other than her clenched jaws and sweat beads on her forehead nothing in her body language showed that she had 28 hours of pee corked up inside that bladder of hers. I was sure it took her every ounce of being to act that nonchalantly.

“Disha, normally you stick to your rules.” I asked feigning a straight face. “I thought you wanted to beat the girls.”

“Oh! I have beaten them already.” She winked at me. Her confidence scared me.

She went one step ahead and got herself even more to drink. She was a true sadist, I realized that day. “You know what Rex. The kind of load I can carry could put the girls to shame. I don’t suppose you could do that either.” My dick was swollen, and every movement sent surges of pain across my body. Despite that my male ego simply refused to turn down any challenge thrown by her. I did my best to keep up with and fought with every ounce of strength. I knew her secret, and I wanted to beat her fair and square. I simply held my breath and soldiered on and on. If she was not looking at me I quickly squeezed my dick. At that stage, it just seemed fair.

In the course of next few hours, I watched the girls losing the battle. There was a moment when I and Disha had to go back in our track to get the girls who had stopped midway, unable to say anything. “C’mon girls. I hope you can control yourselves else you can pee anywhere you like.” Disha ridiculed them. By the time it was dawn the girls were miserable. Their bladders bulging out obscenely. They were all vibrating with the to contain their pent-up pee. “It’s right at the hole. I can feel the heat.” Came a whisper into my ears. I tried to encourage them to hold on despite my own excruciating situation. The way their bodies were tensed, I could say that they had just a few hours before the outburst.

Disha had an ear-to-ear smile seeing them crack. “You see, girls, if you were anything like a true lady, you wouldn’t be miserable or cut back on your drinking. I have downed another litre of water, but you haven’t had a sip since we stepped out. You can just admit it that you have to pee like I did earlier, and you can end the trauma.” This was a big lie. Disha had been keeping her legs close together when the others were preoccupied and was sweating profusely to maintain her aura of normalcy. When the girls refused to bend I saw the corner of her lips twitch.

A little later my phone buzzed. It was a message from Disha. “AJ I am going crazy. I can’t act any longer. I don’t want to pee yet, but the girls are not ready to give up.” I was about to turn around, but she recalled the text immediately. Little did she know that the damage was done. When Disha asked the hostess if we could go back, I interjected and asked the hostess to show us the extended area of the forest too. It was a dangerous game, but I was purely functioning on adrenaline and lust to stay put. My jaws were clenched so tightly that I felt my teeth crushing. My balls ached and lower back hurt like hell - all tell-tale signs that I was at my limits. The girls were teary eyed, but they were far too engrossed in the battle to stop the detour.

Disha’s eyes had panic, “Is it really necessary? I am kinda getting t-tired here.” Strain clearly evident in her voice. I could tell by her body language that her bladder was wreaking havoc on her determination and this sudden unexpected move caught her off-guard. All the water was now gurgling in her bladder inching closer to an outburst. No matter how tightly she laced her skirt the volume was protruding over her petite frame and the tightness only speeded up her bladder’s already delicate state. Her clothes were now covered in patches of sweat and just like the girls she was rapidly losing all her calmness.

In the next few hours, Disha’s bladder was resembled an overfilled water-balloon compressed under rubber bands. The sheer weight of it made her topple quite a few times on the uneven terrain. Each time it happened she tightly gripped her bulge as if pulling it upwards to protect it from the gravity. By 6AM, she looked as if she was possessed. Her makeup was smudged all over her face, eyes bloodshot. Each vein on her forehead, her neck, her bulge seemed to throb as if trying to gush out her 36-hour piss load while she heroically resisted.

Even in such a terrible condition she tried to maintain a steady conversation with all of us. As the clock ticked, her pauses became more frequent and longer – suggesting each spasm was nastier than the previous one. But as time went on, her fidgeting grew more pronounced, and she chose to become mono-syllabic. I saw her eyes turn vapid as she fought with herself to pay attention to the hostess. Whenever we halted her legs started bobbing. Her furrowed expressions and shuddering head were testimony to her epic fight with her bladder. “Girls don’t pee! Girls don’t pee” She kept muttering to herself.

When we finally started our descent, a groan of pain escaped her mouth, and her hands flew down to her inner thighs. Her legs pretzelled inwards for a few seconds as she vehemently battled an ungodly wave. It took her a couple of minutes to regain total control over herself. I genuinely thought that the impending doom has arrived, but she fought heroically to silence her 38 hours full bladder. There was not even a wet dot on her thong yet. But her erratic movement did catch the attention of the girls behind and they pounced on the opportunity.

“Disha, do you need to pee already? We will more than happy to stop AGAIN for you.”

I expected Disha to finally give up but no. She looked at me trying to gauge if I was going to piss myself. I was in a similar boat as hers, but I never let it come on my face. I could feel steam coming out of my ears at that moment. Seeing that I was not going to give up, she decided to remain corked up. Needless to say, her face was red with the concoction of anger, frustration, and pain.

Day 2 – The beach inside the house:

Finally, we returned from the hike around 9am. 39 hours for Disha and 48 hours for me. Not a word was spoken for the remainder of the track. All I could hear was the laboured breathing of the girls. Little did I know, what was in store for me. As soon as we stepped in the girls sprang upon the giant couch – all of them tightly grabbing themselves for dear life. The hostess darted to the bathroom and let out an absolute torrent. A gusher which echoed throughout the villa and went on forever.

The girls winced in pain and couldn’t decide whether to grab their pussies or cover their ears. No one mentioned it out loud, but the hostess clearly needed to pee urgently and yet succeeded to keep up with all the girls. After a thunderous performance, our red-faced hostess dragged herself out of the bathroom all sweaty and exhausted. She was far too embarrassed to even say a word to us college kids struggling to contain ourselves. “You are not the only ones who was frantic, I guess.” She squeaked and hurriedly left us alone.

Next up were the girls. They all hesitantly looked at me as if asking for my permission. Their shorts were already halfway at their knees. One of them opened her mouth but nothing came out. The others were simply too engrossed in fighting the onslaught of pee waves on their holes. Disha who was breathing laboriously, cast a final glance at them. “I won girls. You all are l-leaking!” She pointed to the little coin sized spots on their bikini bottoms.

“What d-do you mean you beat us?” One asked feebly, each word weakening her control.

“You chickened out last night and yet here-here we are still containing our loads SINCE THE LAST TWO DAYS!” The other one whisper yelled.

I and Disha were both dumbfounded. “T-two days?” Disha gasped, knowing fully well that even after her little mind games the girls beat her fair and square by a solid margin of 9 hours. Heck, they were at par with me. “Yes! We held it all night even after you peed like a spoilt girl!” The last one yelled as a huge spurt gushed into her underwear.

“NO! You didn’t beat me. You can never b-beat me. I faked my pee last night. I didn’t need to pee then, and I don’t need to p-pee NOW! It’s just 40 hours – easy -p-peasy. . .” Tears rolled down Disha’s cheek as another wave hammered her from inside.

“You c-cheat!” The girls yelled at her with contempt. One of them even suggested they continue to control. Their sphincters simply had no more strength and the sudden movement of bending down to pull up their shorts broke them. The inevitable finally happened. One by one thick huge streams exploded from their coochies. The coin sized patch turned into a fully drenched fabric.

“FUCKING HELL!” came a scream as they all hobbled towards the bathroom. We could see steam coming out from their asses as they wiggled and waddled. Pee splattered all the way from the couch to the bathroom. Their grunts filled the house, and they landed their drenched butts on the bathtub and let go of a storm-like gusher. I didn’t realize when Disha moved closer to me and held my arms tightly for support. She was squatted on the ground and legs pretzelled. One minute turned into two and then three. The noise of pee hitting the porcelain turned into pee splattering into a pool. The stench of urine spread across the villa and yet there was no sign of stopping. Cuss words and moans continued to bombard Disha and me for another minute. By that time Disha nails had already pierced my forearm.

“Aaaaaaahhhhh!” Disha shrieked. “PLEAASE MAKE IT STOP REX!” She wept with the tremendous efforts of holding the monstrosity of load. Once the girls stopped their torrent, primal needs took over Disha. She was violently shaking as her sweaty fingers wrestled with the complicated laces on her microskirt/tube top. “It’s coming out – it’s coming out. . .” She was fighting with tooth and nail to get rid of it, but the laces got entangled. In a futile attempt she pulled whatever lace was there in her fingers. To her utter shock, it squeezed in like a vice, right on top of her bulge – the most sensitive zone. She screamed at the top of her lungs, her legs frantically bobbing up and down.

I quickly kneeled in front of her. For the first time, she accepted my help and tightly grabbed my shoulders. I could see despair in her eyes pleading for help. It was the first time we were so close together. Yes, I had seen her naked before but not like this. She hung her head low making her long dense hair bounce and play on my head. Her breezy vanilla fragrance mesmerized me. Her breasts heaved against my forehead. It was perfect. “Hurry up please.” She whispered to me as I tried to un-roll the contorted bundle of fabric. Her legs refused to stay still, and hips kept twisting and turning.

“Disha. Be strong! Girls don’t pee, remember” I tried comforting her, genuinely worried. “Hmmmph. . . No I don’t. . Its tight. . .hurts.” Her incoherent sentences gave me the answer. As I further tugged it, the unthinkable happened. “Ooww!” She screamed and a small hot jet of pee spurted out of her pussy. A few drops rolled down her thighs and her thong had a significant wet patch now.

“Disha, you are . . .”

“Just shut up! It’s nothing. I WILL NOT PEE!”

I felt her nails digging deeper into my shoulders with the efforts to push back the flood. By the time I finally freed her from the confines, another spurt gushed out – this time on my arms. “I’m. . . I’m so sorry, I don’t know why it’s happening. I can – s-still hold it.” I nodded and licked it from my arm, looking straight into her eyes. “It’s ok Disha, no one’s going to judge you and I will still let you fuck me.”

“Rex, I . . .Really want to. . .” Disha paused for a moment as a monstrous wave made her entire body shake. “PEE!” She squeaked and the inevitable happened. The. Floodgates. EXPLODED. And how! A thick white stream of pee fell with a splash on the floor, followed by a ferocious torrent. I quickly moved back but the force was powerful enough to drench me. The hotness consumed me then and there. Within a flash, my swollen shaft gave up. Pee came rushing to the tip of my dick and erupted even before I could grab it. Hot piss gurgled inside my tight briefs before drenching my jeans from front and back.

In a few moments it turned from light blue to dark. Disha looked at me with a mix of amazement, pride and lust and all possible range of emotions. Her body stood motionless as all her willpower was pushing out her hot pent-up pee. Her mouth was gaped open, eyes rolled upwards and, her mascara spread around her eyes. She was in a deep pee-trance, so much that she couldn’t even breathe. I was no better. A burning sensation ravaged the insides of my bladder, my dick, and my balls.

Sweat dripped from all possible crevices of my body. A sharp noise rang in my ears and light-headedness consumed me. I could feel each globule of pee trying to push my pee hole wider and wider. It was orgasmic and painful at the same time. Our combined hisses overpowered even the 4 girls inside like two powerful hoses let loose. The rug beneath our feet was fully submerged under the downpour and the puddle spread a good few yards from where we stood. The gang may have beaten Disha but the amount of pee we released could easily fill the tub or so it seemed.

After 4 minutes of uninterrupted peeing, I and Disha collapsed into the puddle, splattering each other wet and passed out.

Epilogue:

When I opened my eyes, I found myself in the car in the back seat. Disha was laying in my lap, still asleep or passed out may be, draped in a towel. I was only in my underwear, a fresh one and I could already see the waistband digging into my bladder, screaming for a piss again.

“Good morning sleepyhead. You two never woke up the entire night and we had to check out of the property.” The girls began with their chatter.

“The hostess was mighty upset with the destruction you two caused but she was oddly she invited us again.”

“And yes we also we got a call from the warden saying that they need one more day for cleaning up the hostels.”

“Where are we going then?” I asked with a shaky voice, kneading my dick hard.

“You will know soon,” the girl in the front seat naughtily smooched me, “Just know that we have a lot of ‘UNFINISHED BUSINESS’ to do once we reach.”

A chill went down my spine because I knew where exactly they were taking me to.

- - - The End - - -

*144*2024-04-15 05:34

{{23 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

Hi Omo Lovers! I have come with a new story for you all.

Our college heroine Disha returns for more bladder bursting action. It includes both male and female pee desperation.

Do let me know in your comments what you think of it. It would mean a lot to me 😄 ❤️

Now let's get started:

Sunrise to Sunrise - 3.0:

Day 0 – The Plan:

A few weeks after the tech conference our semesters got over, followed by a 3-week holiday. My life changed forever since that eventful night at hotel. I was an absolute favourite of the group, may be except Disha. Truth be told, I had been fucking them day-in, day-out throughout the term especially when I was nursing a close to throbbing bladder. “We really got to pit you against Disha. Would be epic.” They often joked. I never really cared why.

Around 4 days before the holidays got over, my phone buzzed. I was added into a WhatsApp group by the same gang of girls. “What’s up girls?” I began. What followed was a flood of messages and I was invited to a 2-day staycation to a beach-hours. It was their idea of a ‘BANGING’ start to the new term. All the 4 girls were ‘persuasive’ enough to convince my dick.

Day 1 – The Backdrop:

The next morning, around 6AM, I woke up with the usual strong ache in my bladder. One could hear my pee slosh inside me. “Delicious!” I thought to myself kneading my dick – the only one allowed after waking up. I wanted to push my limits for long and the trip presented the perfect opportunity. After a nice fake pee to taunt my bladder I changed into layers of tighter briefs - the kind which really squeezed my meat hard. It was a struggle to fit my distended bladder in my jeans. Buttoning it up definitely worsened the ache. I was making it super hard on myself, that’s what strong men do, right?.

As I had my quick breakfast my phone buzzed. “We are here Rex. Don’t you keep your girls waiting. I felt my stomach churn in excitement. They arrived sharp at 7AM. I hurriedly chugged my daily jar of cranberry juice. My bladder was angry with the inflow of this additional load, but I silenced it like every other morning. I wanted to push myself beyond my routine of 36 hours. My manhood stiffened inside as I imagined myself laying the entire trip without a drop of relief. Of course, it was risky, but I would rather wet myself than pissing in front of my fuck friends. Breakfast was had. I tanked up more liquids as I normally would, telling my bladder to somehow find room to expand. I filled up my bottles and started off. Fortunately, my parents were asleep, so they didn’t suspect me to be holding or anything.

I was welcomed by my lovely half-naked friends. Crop tops, unbuttoned shirts, micro shorts, and what not! “I used to think girls only dressed like these in the movies,” I chuckled as they pulled me in the backseat. I was immediately hard, being squeezed two top-heavy hotties. As we sped off the two had their hands, already fondling my inner thighs. One of them whispered in my ear, “Rex, if this obscene - wait till we pick up Disha!”.

“WAIT! WHAT? WHY DIDN’T YOU TELL ME EARLIER?!! She was not even in the WhatsApp group!” I was so annoyed. I would have made sure to be extra cautious with my drinks then.

“Chill! It was all last minute!” The girls started talking together. “She called me up at 1 in the morning and asked every fucking detail of the plan!”.

“She seemed pretty excited about it.”

“Of course she would be! She thinks she can hold it for two days!”

“Our big boy bruised her ego after that overflowing performance at the hotel.”

“She trains non-stop for it.”

I was intrigued. What more could she possibly do to hold longer? My mind was clouded with so many questions.

“Well, Rex has trained us too. I think we can hold longer than her, if need be.”

“Nah! C’mon. . .” The girls bantered and suddenly we were tossed inside the cabin. THUD THUD – a loud noise filled the cabin, as the car went over a nasty pothole. I winced in discomfort as the elbow of the girls poked into my bladder. It caught their attention. “Woah! What’s up with you Rex?” The girl to my left leaned on me cupping my stiff member. “Did you skip your morning pee too?” Another one chimed in. I felt their hands pushing and prodding my bladder and the bulge of my dick.

“Nothing to worry about!” I just smiled and shrugged it off. Inside my mind, I was beaming with pride though.

“How much? How long?” They looked at me biting their lips and dilated pupils.

“Relax girls, I held more than this when I was a kid,” I tried to act calm, but the sudden jolt and so much attention surely dialled the pressure up. In fact, I was fighting the growing waves with sheer willpower.

“When are you planning to go?”

“Not soon.” I looked straight into their eyes, gripping their waist tightly. Little did they know I was clenching my pee hole just as hard to hold my twenty-two hours’ worth of pee.

“Jeez, you are making me wet already.” The girls wiggled closer.

Day 1 – The Drama:

At 9AM our car halted right outside the driveway to Disha’s house, but she was nowhere to be seen. The girl at the wheel dialed Disha and shushed us. I was fanning my legs already in anticipation. The girls held my thighs firmly and signaled me not to do so. Little did they know how hard the breakfast juices were hitting me.

“Babe where are you? We are outside?”

“W-wait. I am just. . .” There was a sound of a water being chugged from a bottle. Disha seemed breathless.

“Disha, I told you a thousand times, DO-NOT-SKIP-YOUR-MORNING-PEE!” The girl grinned at me. “You know what happened the last time at the Tech con, right?”

“I peed just a while ago!” Disha tried to convince, still panting.

“What exactly do you mean by A-WHILE-AGO?” The girls kept grilling Disha.

“6PM, yesterday! Ok bye!” She hurriedly hung up the phone. I swear I heard her gasp before the call dropped. 15 hours, I noted to myself as opposed to 24 hours of mine.

“Please don’t tell her that you heard the call. She tends to get a little whiny when she is desperate for a pee.” The girls rushed me out of the car and strapped me to the driver seat.

I forced a smile as pee rushed to my aching pee hole. When I turned my head towards the doorstep, where the gang was waiting. They seemed a slightly squirmy. A quick look at the half empty water bottles and crushed juice cans told me the reason. The drama started a short minute later when the door opened. There she was - the bustiest and sexiest of them all. The pressure in my bladder was immediately replaced by raging arousal looking at her.

Disha was naked, well almost, her boobs heaved dangerously as she happily chugged from a litre of water, without a care. Her mother looked at her with anger and contempt. Her younger sister too came out – probably 11 or 12 years old. She started pulling Disha’s belt or skirt – whatever was stretched across her hips. She hurriedly gulped down the water and pulled her black thong and skirt back in place. “Dee! That’s my tube top. You can’t just wear it like a skirt. Mom she has taken all my tube tops in her bag.” The little girl complained.

“I am warning you Disha - a bra and a belt cannot be your dress!” Her mother was furious. “And what’s with all that water? You haven’t used the bathroom since yesterday evening!”

“Ma! This is a bralette, and this is a skirt, not a belt.” Disha was equally furious, “And stop embarrassing me. I am an adult; I can hold my pee.”

“Disha! Don’t get started with holding again,” Her mother suddenly grabbed her arm. “Just get changed and for God sake, go to the bathroom before you leave. You are swollen.”

“Just let me go, Ma!” She whisked her arm away, “I am covered properly, and I am just going to control!”

“Disha, she is right – just be comfortable before we start!” The girls tried to reason but that only strengthened her determination.

Day 1 – The Pickup:

Disha strutted to the car angrily and paused for a moment to steady herself. She took a deep breath before hopping inside the car. I ogled at her glistening silicone globes squishing and bursting out of her cups. “Like what you see?” She began with a slight shakiness in her voice. “I love it but that’s not quite enough” I winked at her, and we finally began the journey. It took a while before the tension eased out and soon began her banter with us.

The morning sun lit her perfect face and her sweaty cleavage shimmered; I caught her biting her puffy lips after constant sips from her bottle. She gripped her smooth milky thighs whenever we bumped potholes. Shifting in her seat was a constant. She tried to be casual but to me it was carefully strategized. I was sure that the water was already catching her up. But not an ‘Oof’ came out of her mouth. I determined myself to stay and act just as calm. Around 11AM, all the girls got quieter, including Disha. She was subtly squirming in her seat, trying to push herself against the footboard at times.

“What’s wrong girls? You have all gone quiet.”

Disha snapped out of her intense concentration. After one quick glance at the girls she sighed, “Looks like I am not alone.”

“What?” I asked confused.

“They really have to pee.” She mouthed at me.

I looked at the gang through the mirror. One buried her face in the phone. One looked out of the window, with her hand clutching her waist tightly. The third one sat on her heels biting her lips and the fourth one shoved her hand in between her legs, rocking back and forth. I craned my neck further – their bottles were empty. “Girls,” I announced, “I am going to pull over at a gas station. Does anyone need a quick break except me?” I stressed the last few words as an open challenge to Disha.

The cabin was suddenly electrified. The sudden mention of a break unsettled even Disha. The water from earlier and even the bottle she sipped steadily was almost gone. A distended bulge pushed her skirt down forming a nice whale tail and much to her dismay her organ was filling faster than she liked. As we crawled through the line of cars, tension grew in the cabin. I watched the girls nodding and squirming, waiting to raid the rest room. I found Disha keeping her eyes tightly shut. She quickly placed her hands under her thighs, gripping her thighs tightly – as if to pull them from crossing.

“You too can ‘GO’ Disha?” I fired the first shots. I could feel my heart at the back of my throat. The girls at the backseat stopped moving at once. Pin drop silence prevailed in the cabin.

“ABSOLUTELY NOT! My bladder can remain shut tight.” She gaped at me with furrowed eyes.

“I was just concerned for you Disha, that’s all.” I tried to act nonchalant.

“Really? You know what. . . I am actually going to get myself more juice to drink.” She gulped down her throat.

“Disha don’t be stupid. You haven’t even gone since yesterday and you have downed so much of water already.” The girls tried to reason.

“I can control myself! You guys are just jealous that you all don’t have enough control.” Disha snapped at all of us. “Prove me wrong. Try not to pee till we reach.” The girls got caught in the crossfire. As the attendant pumped gas into the car, I turned back to Disha. “Disha, you just said you could GET-MORE-JUICE. Go help yourself.” I stressed. She hesitated for a moment but then hurriedly stepped off the car, locking us inside. Once Disha was gone the girls were all fuming.

“What does she think of herself?”

“Are we like schoolgirls to her?”

“We really need to show her that we all can hold it when the situation demands.”

“Give us some tips Rex. You are the master here.”

Their words definitely fuelled my boner to levels unknown. I was fighting an epic battle to hold my pee and my orgasm both. I couldn’t believe my luck that I was sharing a ride with 5 desperate girls. “Girls, just remember what I taught you earlier - breathe normally and clench your butthole and . . .” I stopped abruptly as my eyes fell on Disha, as she stood at the vending machines, slightly shifting her weight from one foot to other, calves tensed. Her peachy ass stretched out the undersized skirt. One fist to the sides of her thighs, while she furiously punched the buttons with the other hand.

“Rex, please tell us more.” They nudged me.

“Don’t fight it. Just accept that you have to pee and let your muscles handle the load. . .” I started to guide them, but Disha suddenly appeared, balancing a dozen or so mini fruit juice bottles in her arms. I saw their confidence turning into panic in split second. “You got this,” I mouthed to the girls. Disha promptly shoved two bottles in everyone’s hand but kept three for herself. She looked knowingly at me as if telling me – HOLD IT IF YOU CAN.

For the remainder of the journey, Disha kept chugging the bottles like clockwork. After every gulp she gently massaged her bulge. I could hear her breathing through her teeth and that distinct hissing sound. Any bump immediately translated to a suppressed moan or fanning of legs. However, she never resorted to crossing her legs. At the same time, she kept the girls on their toes. When one of them tried to throw away a bottle, she scolded her. When they shoved the bottles down the seat, they were caught in her rage again. In the next half hour of the journey, the girls somehow downed the first of their bottles. The second one was still intact. I could see the pain on their faces. “I bought these for you to stay hydrated. I don’t like things being wasted.” She turned towards the gang and showed them her own juice bottles – empty and crushed. “Don’t whine like schoolgirls or else admit that you can’t hold it.”

To the girls, Disha appeared under absolute control, but they couldn’t see what I saw from my experienced eyes. Her legs were glued tightly and curled up on the seat. And with she sneakily pulled the seat belt away from squishing her bulge. By the way, it was now significantly bigger and approaching her navel. When I looked down, to assess my own fullness, I could no longer see the buckle of my belt piercing my bulge. The seat belt formed a valley on my belly. My dick hurt and so did my buttock after so much clenching. I took the last sip from my bottle and coincidentally my eyes fell on the rear-view mirror. The girls were all looking at me with pleading eyes. A suicidal idea came to my mind.

“You know what girls. Since this is your first holding competition, I will help you to prevent wastage.” I looked straight into Disha’s eyes. At first she couldn’t understand but then the girls started passing their fully sealed bottles to me. As I cracked them open Disha interrupted me. “This is cheating.”

“Why? What’s wrong?” I calmly asked her as my bladder throbbed from within. I felt the cool of the juice travel down my chest and accumulating inside my pained bladder. It was a strange sensation, dull ache plus the sudden cool.

“They are supposed to drink it, not you.” She was angry. “Besides, I don’t want to see you whip your thing out in the middle of the road.”

“Disha, chill. I don’t take bathroom breaks during staycations. I will contain ALL OF IT.” I calmly replied, looking straight into her eyes. The girls looked at me with disbelief as the I finished all the four bottles, under an hour. I was never good at coping with sudden large volumes in short durations, but pride came first. Needless to say,

Day 1 – The Beach-house:

By 1pm, I was badly desperate. The final pathway from the highway to the beach-house was through a dense tree-covered road and a surface that could rival the craters on the moon. The girls whimpered in the back seat as the car rumbled. I held my breath throughout the patch, my forearms shook from the efforts. Disha’s composure was deteriorating rapidly. Her head hung low, and face etched with lines of strain. As the car shook more, I got a sneak of her tightly clenched under thighs all the way up to her butt cheeks, sweating profusely. She grabbed the arm rest and the door handle as if her life depended on her. She was clearly trying to hide her predicament from me.

When we finally stopped at the destination - a retro beach villa right next to the beach – no one spoke a word. Silence fell in the cabin as I turned the engine down. “Have we reached?” Disha asked in a whispering voice. I nodded. My eyes were still shut as I fought the tsunamis inside. When the hostess approached us and knocked on the window, I almost lost a spurt. Disha gasped for air and her back arched involuntarily, leaving a sweaty print on the seat. She was practically shaking to stem a leak. The girls quickly unbuckled their seat belts, followed by long ‘Oooohs’ and ‘Aaaahs’.

I and Disha followed suit. Our bags were unloaded by the hostess and me, while Disha leaned on the front door and head thrown back. I could see her thighs tensed up. Getting out of the car to stand up severely upset her overfilled bladder. She squeezed her thighs tightly and her hips wiggled noticeably. She pursed her lips and breathed through her mouth slowly, as if to calm herself down. She kept trying to pull away her unforgiving skirt away from her bulge but in vain. With the other hand she was rubbing down on her abdomen. It must have been herculean to not push her hand down into her crotch and gain some relief. The girls were no better. They leaned on one another. They were doing a subtle yet pronounced pee dance and whispering among themselves with all sorts of animated expressions. For a moment I felt I was in an episode of the Kardashians.

Once inside, the hostess welcomed us with glasses of Nimbu Sherbet (lemonades). I tried to tally all the water I had consumed so far, and once I realized I had exceeded the 4-litre mark, I stopped counting. Even for Disha, she was doing close to 3.5 litres already. But if I backed down now, Disha would think I am weak. So, I forced a smile and picked up a tall glass, furiously kegel-ing at the same time. She quickly did the same and started chugging it. “This is suicide.” I heard one of the girls say as they picked up the glasses. “If you want to ‘freshen up’, the bathroom is at the end of the corridor.” The hostess joyfully said as we finished the juices.

Disha was already on the couch, her legs rapidly bobbing up and down. She pretended to be on her mobile, but I knew she was just stalling the inevitable. The girls expectedly looked at her. “Disha, we all are going now. We have proved that we can hold it like you.” Their sweaty midriff and the low denim shorts clearly highlighted the bulge they were sporting. It seemed the girls were holding a piss-load just as big as Disha, if not bigger.

“That’s ok. I will think about it only when we reach our hostels.” Disha said with a strained voice.

“What the fuck! That’s two days away Disha. Don’t be stupid. You can try another hold right after this.” They sensibly suggested.

“Rules are rules - No peeing outside my own bathroom.” Disha snapped and hurriedly went inside to check the property. Her rigid posture and stiffened butt spoke volumes about her struggle.

Once she was gone the girls pounced on me, “Rex this is getting difficult for us. We all have to go REALLY bad.” They looked at the bathroom door biting their puffy lips.

“Mind if I check it?” I looked down at their tightly compressed bellies. Though they were hesitant they allowed me to squeeze. I began gently and gradually increased the pressure. Their legs twitched as I pushed and prodded them one by one. Each squeeze was accompanied with a gasp or a moan. I continued squeezing for a few more minutes until they begged me to stop.

“So, what do you think, Master?” Came a question with a strained voice. The rest of the girls eagerly nodded with furrowed expressions, still reeling with the sudden increase of pressure at their pee holes.

“You all are firm yet squishable vs this. . .” I pulled up my T-shirt to let them feel me.

“Dude! Are you sure that’s your bladder?” They all tried to squeeze it with all the might. I felt my soul escaping my body due to the pain. I trembled to stand straight, and my face turned blue. “I feel I am trying to press on a bone. It just won’t go in.”

“Enough now girls!” I gently pushed them away. “That’s a sign of being at limits. You all can go for much longer. When did you all go last though?”

They hemmed and hawed for a few seconds and then their eyes widened. “OMG, we all haven’t gone since. . .”

“Heyyy! Are you ok?” The girls were interrupted. We heard the hostess worriedly call out. We all rushed inside. “Is it hurting? Do you need to use the bathroom?” The hostess was sat next to Disha on a bed, rubbing her back. Disha’s nails were digging into her thighs as she rocked back and forth, head hung low. “No. No bathroom. I barely had a few fruit juices on my way here.” Disha squeaked.

“The gas station ones? You should NEVER drink those. They put so much saccharin in it.” The hostess observed.

“They contain saccharin?” Disha’s face turned pale and so did mine. It was the biggest enemy of my bladder and perhaps for her too. “FUCK FUCK FUCK! I won’t even survive one night like this.” I heard her curse herself. My mind-state was pretty much the same after realizing how was my desperation growing so rapidly in the last few hours.

“Looks like the saccharin is getting better of her.” Came a hushed comment.

“Remember how she wet herself after that fresher’s party. She tanked up too many canned juices.” They started giggling. Disha had wet herself. How did I not know it.

“What are you laughing at . . .” Disha suddenly snapped.

“No one’s stopping you to use the bathroom Disha! No need to be a cry-baby.”

“Do you have any clue how much am I holding onto. Just because I had a moment of weakness you start questioning my abilities.” I had never seen Disha lash out so badly. “Maybe I know why. You all are wearing diapers and have peed in them already!”

“Mark our words Rex. We are banning ourselves from peeing till she wets herself.” That comment didn’t go down well with the girls. The panic in their eyes suddenly turned into anger and then into determination.

The hostess turned red faced at this awkward conversation and hurriedly left the room. A little later we were done with lunch – an awkwardly quiet one. After that the hostess showed us around the rest of the property. It was 3pm now. 21 hours for Disha and 30 hours for me. And I still didn’t know how long the girls had been holding it or how long could they hold for. On the other hand, my dick was throbbing non-stop, and it was taking a significant amount of concentration to stop the pee from reaching my pee hole. I steeled myself to walk straight with the girls in my arms while Disha walked behind us, forcing a straight posture and a poker face. As the house tour ended, she showed us the bedrooms, “The one on the ground floor has an attached bathroom and the one above doesn’t.” I announced that I will take the upstairs, quickly followed by Disha. That led to a hushed murmur between the girls as if we gave them the hottest gossip.

“I am going to take a nap. . .” Disha announced trying to keep her voice level. Her hands hovered near her crotch and her legs seemed shaky. The waistband of her tiny skirt pierced into her bulge. The girls wasted no time to mock her, “We all know when you take a nap Disha”, “Grabby, grabby!”

“Oh! It is coming out. It is coming out.”

“Rex, if you stayed with us at the hostel you would see her true self. Behind all this drama of being super strong, she’s going ABSOLUTELY MAD.” One of them pointed out to me.

“Don’t you dare!” Disha tried to intervene, but a sudden bladder spasm perhaps stopped her midway.

“Really? Then let’s all go to the beach.” Another girl suggested. “And we all change here, in front of each other so that no one can grab themselves,” looking at Disha suspiciously. I had never felt my manhood grow so thick and so hard ever before. As the tight bras came off their breasts popped out with a bounce. Sweat glistened on their toned bodies. The girls squirmed as the shorts refused to unbutton. Eventually they helped each other out of their sweaty denim confines providing temporary relief to their aching organs. There were red imprints of the seams on their butts and hips. Once their underwear came off, one of them teased me, “Enjoying the view?” I nearly came at her words. The size of their bulge was significantly big, almost alike Disha’s. Their shiny sweaty legs crossing and uncrossing all the time as they battled to tie their bikini bottoms.

“You girls are handling it way better than I imagined.” I complimented the bikini clad gang. Disha, remained seated quietly on the couch, glaring it at me. I felt a bit strange, but I didn’t think much of it. As I unbuttoned my jeans finally an involuntary moan escaped from my mouth. “That feels good!” I said to myself while marvelling at its true size.

“I thought you are just as ‘STRONG’ as your girls there.” Disha taunted me, making air quotes with her hands. She opted to stay in her current attire. She sat on her heels, which was her method to stem the growing pressure.

Day 1 – The Evening Stroll:

Once at the beach, I couldn't keep my eyes off the girls. It was an absolutely delight to see them clench and unclench their butts. They clung to me every time a wave washed our feet. "How are we doing girls?" I teased them, doing my best to not sound strained. I could hear Disha closely following us.

"Sunny beach with a full bladder – can’t get better." The girl to my left responded, albeit clawing my arms.

“How are you so calm Rex. If I were even half as full, I would have flooded the beach already.” The questions kept coming.

“I know you girls want me to hold even more. Just doing that.” I emphasized loudly to make sure Disha heard me.

“Yes, I have never seen a stronger man.” I was gifted a peck on my cheek.

“The question is – can she hold more?” The other one pointed out to Disha, who was barely managing. I could see her long cast shadow from the corner of my eyes. She was indeed arched forward, and fists closed tightly by her side.

“I CAN!” She remained resolute. “In fact, I am thirsty, and I need something to drink.” Came a daring suggestion with a strained voice. The girls sheepishly looked at each other. Whenever they thought they had an advantage on Disha, she would pull a new move to shake them. Anyway, we all waddled to a nearby fruit vendor and ordered 6 tall mango juices. The vendor girl seemed confused,

“Umm, ladies are you sure? Mango juice is not recommended if you are pregnant.”

The girls burst into laughter, “We don’t know, you ask the father.” They all pointed to me. I blushed furiously and got them the drinks.

The mango juice, initially a refreshing treat, hit me like a freight train. My body just tensed up immediately as the cool hit my ballooned bladder. The girls winced at the sips and fidgeted around. They realized that they fell into Disha’s trap. The first one was now shifting uncomfortably at her place. Every few seconds, her gaze would dart towards the distant line of palm trees, a nervous twitch playing at the corner of her mouth. The other one, had gone uncharacteristically quiet, only managing short, strained replies to any conversation. The third and the fourth one bless their soul, were trying to distract themselves by building a sandcastle. Their bikini bottoms were simply invisible underneath their bulges now.

Even after 15 minutes only half of their glasses were gone. Only when the vendor asked whether the juice was not good they speeded up. They all clasped the cold glasses tightly and put to their thick lips. The first girl took a large gulp, only to grimace and hold her breath for an uncomfortably long time afterwards. The second, after downing half her glass in one go, let out a high-pitched squeal and started fanning herself frantically. The third one buried her hand between her legs, her usually cheerful face muffling a scream. The fourth, after a particularly large swig, slammed the glass down with a force that sent a spray of juice flying.

My heart was pounding right from the first sip. The familiar burning sensation inside my bladder returned. My breathing came in short bursts. Inhale-sip-hold-exhale. Disha's sheer willpower too seemed to waver slowly. Her toes curled as she forced down the tall mango juice. "You OK babe or shall we get you a diaper?", one of attempted to get on Disha’s nerves.

"Never been better." She lied through her teeth and subtly arched back. When the vendor asked if we wanted to have more, Disha quickly asked for a repeat throwing me a challenge. Typical mind-games from her. I didn’t want to be left behind and got myself another one too. Disha decided to chug it entirely at once, not wanting to undergo the slow torment.

“See, I am done with the second already.” She smiled victoriously while I looked at my own overflowing glass with anxiety. Sweat dripped from my head with every gulp. It pierced my insides as if the ice deposited right at the tip of my pee hole. I was clenching-unclenching my muscles with all my concentration. 33 hours of pee was bubbling inside my organ. Disha somehow seemed to manage her 24-hour load with a forced composure despite her worries of Saccharin just a few hours back. Her hair clung to her face and the hem of her clothes stained with sweat. She maintained a facade of composure for the longest. But even she couldn't hide the way her lower lip kept trembling ever so slightly. There was a reason why I considered has the bladder queen among all.

As I was shifting my weight from one foot to the other, with arms tightly folded the gang suddenly asked me to give them privacy for some 'Girl' talk. I obeyed and moved to a distance.

"I just don't get it. We all know you are at your limits here. What's the harm in admitting that?" Another one chimed in, obviously frustrated with the rapidly rising pressure. They thought I couldn't hear them. "Why do you always behave differently when he is around?"

"First of all, I don’t have any limits to hold my pee. Secondly, I don't behave differently in front of him." Disha answered, constantly huffing and puffing.

"If he isn’t around, you openly hold it in front us. We have even held out the dust bin for you to pee in, when you tried to compete with Rex during extra classes but couldn't make it out of the building."

"That happened only once, and I was holding for nearly 36 hours." Disha tried to fight back.

"Correction! Once every few weeks!" The girl threw her arms in the air, only to quickly shove then between her legs.

"See I don't do that. I can always behave like a proper girl." Disha straightened her back to prove her point.

"Well let’s see if the proper girl can beat us today. If you can’t, you won’t get to ride – EVER!"

“Speak for yourself bitches!” Disha steeled herself.

Day 1 – The Hike:

A few hundred photos with pained expressions later, we returned to the villa around 8pm. 26 hours since her last relief and 35 hours for me. Because of the darkness outside I couldn’t really see Disha’s current bulge properly. As she sat opposite to me for dinner, my eyes fell on her bulge. It was humongous – definitely resembling a 4-month pregnancy. Her body was covered in sweat. Her movements were slow and calculated which clearly showed the torture she was putting herself through. Though painful, she made sure to finish all the spicy Kolhapuri items served by the hostess. Hot breath hissed from her lips as she chugged tall glasses of water to negate the chilly on her tongue. After her third glass of water, she grunted aloud – the vein on her forehead was protruding as she held her breath. I bent down quickly and found that her sweaty legs were tightly crossed.

“She is going to lose it.” My neighbouring girl whispered to me. “She always over-estimates her capacity. Had she consumed normally she would just squirm around, after holding for a day. But all the saccharin and the overload of drinks has destroyed her. Disha shoving her hand under is a sign that end is near.” Her words were making sense. The last time at the trip she reached this state perhaps around hour 32 or so. I could see each line of Disha’s forehead clearly. She gave all her power to keep her sphincter locked up against this additional load. My girls were no better. Each one sported a similar bulge like Disha and I felt proud of it. Their moans were now constant and every now and then they stopped in their tracks to fight off the waves. Their bikini bottoms remained absolutely spotless yet.

After the dinner we were about to start for our adventurous night-hike through the dense woods. The forest was well-known in the country for glowing plants/bioluminescence. The girls squeezed themselves back into their tiny denim shorts and tried everything in their power to button up their shorts, but the pressure was far too ridiculous to try that. The very fact that they attempted to do that despite that heavy load of pee was mind-boggling to me. I too shimmied myself into my cargos and Disha still chose to be half-naked in her ensemble.

“Ahem, does anyone want to use the ahem, washrooms before we start?” The hostess asked nervously looked at us. She herself seemed a bit antsy but I didn’t think too much of it. “Nope, not us” The girls announced panting under their breath. Their tensed expressions and absolute unsteady legs told otherwise. Disha on the other hand simply nodded her head and went inside the house. We couldn’t believe our eyes. I made an excuse about forgetting something and quickly went after her. I saw Disha hurriedly enter the bathroom, not even checking if the door is properly locked.

I sneakily stood outside fully expecting to hear a bombardment of pee in the WC instead I just heard rustling and shuffling noise. I peeked inside and saw a scene that got etched in my mind. Disha with her hand shoved inside her tight underwear. I could see her fingers rapidly squeezing and moving underneath the fabric. After a while she called someone on her phone. Thankfully she put it on loudspeaker and continued to squeeze herself.

“WHAT THEF FUCK DISHU! I have been texting you all day and you only call me now.” I heard a girl from the other side.

“AJ

, there’s no time for that. I am DYING TO PEE and I am already standing in a bathroom! Like I have drops on my fingertips. I have been kegel-ing, breathing in rhythm, have lowered my skirt, took a painkiller. Nothing works.”

“We peed together yesterday. You surely can’t be that desperate in just 26-27 hours. Did you fuck him already? It can really worsen it!”

“NO NOOO! Not yet. But my rather his girls, have challenged me to beat them in a holding competition. If I win I will fuck his brains out. But I don’t know if I can do it, I stupidly drank like 3 bottles of saccharin juices and like a bucket of other drinks to show them who is the boss!”

“Sucks to be you. But given your stupidity the only way you can save your dignity is by making it impossible to pee.”

“Like we used to do at school. Fake it till you make it” Disha was shuddering.

“Yep! Keep texting me. I will support you through the end. Remember that girls don’t pee!” AJ hung up the phone.

I couldn’t believe what I just heard. Disha proceeded to flush the toilet, washed her hands. Her bladder screaming at her for an actual release but in vain. She quickly dabbed off her sweat, tightened the laces of her skirt squeezing in her bulge. I quickly came out of the villa. I decided to keep quiet about it and play along Disha to see where it goes.

The girls eagerly asked me if she really went. I nodded in affirmative. Their faces turned pale to hear that. With the psychological barrier gone, their composures were thrown out of the window. Within seconds I saw the girls go frantic. The zips of their jeans came further down, and their backpacks dropped on the ground. As Disha stepped out of the villa she sported another big bottle of water in her hand. “I feel so light that I don’t have to think about it for the next two days.”, she teased the girls and patted her squeezed bladder. Then she took a mouthful of swig from her bottle and proceeded to join the hostess. Even she was rather stunned at her decision to relieve herself.

Hardly an hour or two into the hike and battered by the steep uneven terrain the girls were losing their minds. With one hand holding the sticks and the other hand tightly grabbing the crotch the girls were on the verge of exploding. I heard the girls hush among themselves.

“How could she pee j-just like that?”

“She pl-played us girls. We are going to look like fools now.”

“I might actually need a diaper in a while.”

The girl in front of me was on the verge of a collapse. She could barely keep her legs apart for a few seconds. The one behind me kept squatting down. The other two shamelessly had their hand inside their tight underwear. Whenever the hostess stopped on her way to explain our surroundings even she squirmed from one foot to the other. Disha however remained still. Her legs close together but casually. A slight smile pasted on her puffy lips. Other than her clenched jaws and sweat beads on her forehead nothing in her body language showed that she had 28 hours of pee corked up inside that bladder of hers. I was sure it took her every ounce of being to act that nonchalantly.

“Disha, normally you stick to your rules.” I asked feigning a straight face. “I thought you wanted to beat the girls.”

“Oh! I have beaten them already.” She winked at me. Her confidence scared me.

She went one step ahead and got herself even more to drink. She was a true sadist, I realized that day. “You know what Rex. The kind of load I can carry could put the girls to shame. I don’t suppose you could do that either.” My dick was swollen, and every movement sent surges of pain across my body. Despite that my male ego simply refused to turn down any challenge thrown by her. I did my best to keep up with and fought with every ounce of strength. I knew her secret, and I wanted to beat her fair and square. I simply held my breath and soldiered on and on. If she was not looking at me I quickly squeezed my dick. At that stage, it just seemed fair.

In the course of next few hours, I watched the girls losing the battle. There was a moment when I and Disha had to go back in our track to get the girls who had stopped midway, unable to say anything. “C’mon girls. I hope you can control yourselves else you can pee anywhere you like.” Disha ridiculed them. By the time it was dawn the girls were miserable. Their bladders bulging out obscenely. They were all vibrating with the to contain their pent-up pee. “It’s right at the hole. I can feel the heat.” Came a whisper into my ears. I tried to encourage them to hold on despite my own excruciating situation. The way their bodies were tensed, I could say that they had just a few hours before the outburst.

Disha had an ear-to-ear smile seeing them crack. “You see, girls, if you were anything like a true lady, you wouldn’t be miserable or cut back on your drinking. I have downed another litre of water, but you haven’t had a sip since we stepped out. You can just admit it that you have to pee like I did earlier, and you can end the trauma.” This was a big lie. Disha had been keeping her legs close together when the others were preoccupied and was sweating profusely to maintain her aura of normalcy. When the girls refused to bend I saw the corner of her lips twitch.

A little later my phone buzzed. It was a message from Disha. “AJ I am going crazy. I can’t act any longer. I don’t want to pee yet, but the girls are not ready to give up.” I was about to turn around, but she recalled the text immediately. Little did she know that the damage was done. When Disha asked the hostess if we could go back, I interjected and asked the hostess to show us the extended area of the forest too. It was a dangerous game, but I was purely functioning on adrenaline and lust to stay put. My jaws were clenched so tightly that I felt my teeth crushing. My balls ached and lower back hurt like hell - all tell-tale signs that I was at my limits. The girls were teary eyed, but they were far too engrossed in the battle to stop the detour.

Disha’s eyes had panic, “Is it really necessary? I am kinda getting t-tired here.” Strain clearly evident in her voice. I could tell by her body language that her bladder was wreaking havoc on her determination and this sudden unexpected move caught her off-guard. All the water was now gurgling in her bladder inching closer to an outburst. No matter how tightly she laced her skirt the volume was protruding over her petite frame and the tightness only speeded up her bladder’s already delicate state. Her clothes were now covered in patches of sweat and just like the girls she was rapidly losing all her calmness.

In the next few hours, Disha’s bladder was resembled an overfilled water-balloon compressed under rubber bands. The sheer weight of it made her topple quite a few times on the uneven terrain. Each time it happened she tightly gripped her bulge as if pulling it upwards to protect it from the gravity. By 6AM, she looked as if she was possessed. Her makeup was smudged all over her face, eyes bloodshot. Each vein on her forehead, her neck, her bulge seemed to throb as if trying to gush out her 36-hour piss load while she heroically resisted. Even in such a terrible condition she tried to maintain a steady conversation with all of us.

As the clock ticked, her pauses became more frequent and longer – suggesting each spasm was nastier than the previous one. But as time went on, her fidgeting grew more pronounced, and she chose to become mono-syllabic. I saw her eyes turn vapid as she fought with herself to pay attention to the hostess. Whenever we halted her legs started bobbing. Her furrowed expressions and shuddering head were testimony to her epic fight with her bladder. “Girls don’t pee! Girls don’t pee” She kept muttering to herself.

When we finally started our descent, a groan of pain escaped her mouth, and her hands flew down to her inner thighs. Her legs pretzelled inwards for a few seconds as she vehemently battled an ungodly wave. It took her a couple of minutes to regain total control over herself. I genuinely thought that the impending doom has arrived, but she fought heroically to silence her 38 hours full bladder. There was not even a wet dot on her thong yet. But her erratic movement did catch the attention of the girls behind and they pounced on the opportunity.

“Disha, do you need to pee already? We will more than happy to stop AGAIN for you.”

I expected Disha to finally give up but no. She looked at me trying to gauge if I was going to piss myself. I was in a similar boat as hers, but I never let it come on my face. I could feel steam coming out of my ears at that moment. Seeing that I was not going to give up, she decided to remain corked up. Needless to say, her face was red with the concoction of anger, frustration, and pain.

Day 2 – The beach inside the house:

Finally, we returned from the hike around 9am. 39 hours for Disha and 48 hours for me. Not a word was spoken for the remainder of the track. All I could hear was the laboured breathing of the girls. Little did I know, what was in store for me. As soon as we stepped in the girls sprang upon the giant couch – all of them tightly grabbing themselves for dear life. The hostess darted to the bathroom and let out an absolute torrent. A gusher which echoed throughout the villa and went on forever.

The girls winced in pain and couldn’t decide whether to grab their pussies or cover their ears. No one mentioned it out loud, but the hostess clearly needed to pee urgently and yet succeeded to keep up with all the girls. After a thunderous performance, our red-faced hostess dragged herself out of the bathroom all sweaty and exhausted. She was far too embarrassed to even say a word to us college kids struggling to contain ourselves. “You are not the only ones who was frantic, I guess.” She squeaked and hurriedly left us alone.

Next up were the girls. They all hesitantly looked at me as if asking for my permission. Their shorts were already halfway at their knees. One of them opened her mouth but nothing came out. The others were simply too engrossed in fighting the onslaught of pee waves on their holes. Disha who was breathing laboriously, cast a final glance at them. “I won girls. You all are l-leaking!” She pointed to the little coin sized spots on their bikini bottoms.

“What d-do you mean you beat us?” One asked feebly, each word weakening her control.

“You chickened out last night and yet here-here we are still containing our loads SINCE THE LAST TWO DAYS!” The other one whisper yelled.

I and Disha were both dumbfounded. “T-two days?” Disha gasped, knowing fully well that even after her little mind games the girls beat her fair and square by a solid margin of 9 hours. Heck, they were at par with me. “Yes! We held it all night even after you peed like a spoilt girl!” The last one yelled as a huge spurt gushed into her underwear.

“NO! You didn’t beat me. You can never b-beat me. I faked my pee last night. I didn’t need to pee then, and I don’t need to p-pee NOW! It’s just 40 hours – easy -p-peasy. . .” Tears rolled down Disha’s cheek as another wave hammered her from inside.

“You c-cheat!” The girls yelled at her with contempt. One of them even suggested they continue to control. Their sphincters simply had no more strength and the sudden movement of bending down to pull up their shorts broke them. The inevitable finally happened. One by one thick huge streams exploded from their coochies. The coin sized patch turned into a fully drenched fabric. “FUCKING HELL!” came a scream as they all hobbled towards the bathroom. We could see steam coming out from their asses as they wiggled and waddled. Pee splattered all the way from the couch to the bathroom.

Their grunts filled the house, and they landed their drenched butts on the bathtub and let go of a storm-like gusher. I didn’t realize when Disha moved closer to me and held my arms tightly for support. She was squatted on the ground and legs pretzelled. One minute turned into two and then three. The noise of pee hitting the porcelain turned into pee splattering into a pool. The stench of urine spread across the villa and yet there was no sign of stopping. Cuss words and moans continued to bombard Disha and me for another minute. By that time Disha nails had already pierced my forearm.

“Aaaaaaahhhhh!” Disha shrieked. “PLEAASE MAKE IT STOP REX!” She wept with the tremendous efforts of holding the monstrosity of load. Once the girls stopped their torrent, primal needs took over Disha. She was violently shaking as her sweaty fingers wrestled with the complicated laces on her microskirt/tube top. “It’s coming out – it’s coming out. . .” She was fighting with tooth and nail to get rid of it, but the laces got entangled. In a futile attempt she pulled whatever lace was there in her fingers. To her utter shock, it squeezed in like a vice, right on top of her bulge – the most sensitive zone. She screamed at the top of her lungs, her legs frantically bobbing up and down.

I quickly kneeled in front of her. For the first time, she accepted my help and tightly grabbed my shoulders. I could see despair in her eyes pleading for help. It was the first time we were so close together. Yes, I had seen her naked before but not like this. She hung her head low making her long dense hair bounce and play on my head. Her breezy vanilla fragrance mesmerized me. Her breasts heaved against my forehead. It was perfect. “Hurry up please.” She whispered to me as I tried to un-roll the contorted bundle of fabric. Her legs refused to stay still, and hips kept twisting and turning.

“Disha. Be strong! Girls don’t pee, remember” I tried comforting her, genuinely worried. “Hmmmph. . . No I don’t. . Its tight. . .hurts.” Her incoherent sentences gave me the answer. As I further tugged it, the unthinkable happened. “Ooww!” She screamed and a small hot jet of pee spurted out of her pussy. A few drops rolled down her thighs and her thong had a significant wet patch now.

“Disha, you are . . .”

“Just shut up! It’s nothing. I WILL NOT PEE!”

I felt her nails digging deeper into my shoulders with the efforts to push back the flood. By the time I finally freed her from the confines, another spurt gushed out – this time on my arms. “I’m. . . I’m so sorry, I don’t know why it’s happening. I can – s-still hold it.” I nodded and licked it from my arm, looking straight into her eyes. “It’s ok Disha, no one’s going to judge you and I will still let you fuck me.”

“Rex, I . . .Really want to. . .” Disha paused for a moment as a monstrous wave made her entire body shake. “PEE!” She squeaked and the inevitable happened. The. Floodgates. EXPLODED. And how! A thick white stream of pee fell with a splash on the floor, followed by a ferocious torrent. I quickly moved back but the force was powerful enough to drench me. The hotness consumed me then and there. Within a flash, my swollen shaft gave up. Pee came rushing to the tip of my dick and erupted even before I could grab it. Hot piss gurgled inside my tight briefs before drenching my jeans from front and back. In a few moments it turned from light blue to dark.

Disha looked at me with a mix of amazement, pride and lust and all possible range of emotions. Her body stood motionless as all her willpower was pushing out her hot pent-up pee. Her mouth was gaped open, eyes rolled upwards and, her mascara spread around her eyes. She was in a deep pee-trance, so much that she couldn’t even breathe. I was no better. A burning sensation ravaged the insides of my bladder, my dick, and my balls. Sweat dripped from all possible crevices of my body. A sharp noise rang in my ears and light-headedness consumed me. I could feel each globule of pee trying to push my pee hole wider and wider. It was orgasmic and painful at the same time. Our combined hisses overpowered even the 4 girls inside like two powerful hoses let loose. The rug beneath our feet was fully submerged under the downpour and the puddle spread a good few yards from where we stood. The gang may have beaten Disha but the amount of pee we released could easily fill the tub or so it seemed.

After 4 minutes of uninterrupted peeing, I and Disha collapsed into the puddle, splattering each other wet and passed out.

Epilogue:

When I opened my eyes, I found myself in the car in the back seat. Disha was laying in my lap, still asleep or passed out may be, draped in a towel. I was only in my underwear, a fresh one and I could already see the waistband digging into my bladder, screaming for a piss again.

“Good morning sleepyhead. You two never woke up the entire night and we had to check out of the property.” The girls began with their chatter.

“The hostess was mighty upset with the destruction you two caused but she was oddly she invited us again.”

“And yes we also we got a call from the warden saying that they need one more day for cleaning up the hostels.”

“Where are we going then?” I asked with a shaky voice, kneading my dick hard.

“You will know soon,” the girl in the front seat naughtily smooched me, “Just know that we have a lot of ‘UNFINISHED BUSINESS’ to do once we reach.”

A chill went down my spine because I knew where exactly they were taking me to.

- - - The End - - -

}}

Any feedback from anyone?. My stories are not getting the kind of traction they used to get earlier.

Is there anything about my stories which you is getting monotonous or boring? Anything that I should work on? Please tell me. I genuinely want to know and improve...

*146*2024-04-15 11:51

{{5 hours ago, LOLC2k said:

I really enjoyed the one you posted before this most recent one. I'm afraid I tend to skip anything that includes male desperation so I can't provide any insight on the most recent, but the one just before that I thought was amazing!

}}

That's a really good insight. Will it help you if I clearly indicate the paragraph which contains male desperation, so that you can avoid it?

*148*2024-04-15 13:40

{{1 hour ago, LOLC2k said:

I dont think you should be obligated to do all that! Everyone has their own likes! It's enough that I just read the ones that are exclusively female desperation. You shouldn't break the flow of each story with preludes about that, the beginning of the story is enough! Only saying why I haven't got insight on the latest!

}}

I understand. You're of great help...

I was asking for all my future stories so that everyone can enjoy. As a writer it means a lot to me.

*150*2024-04-15 14:37

{{32 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I mean, I don't really like male desperation but I read the whole story so I can get the context of why the male and female are both desperate. I like the ones that are female desperation focused More. But I know there are other people that like both and like me. There are people that just like one type.

}}

Yes. I am so happy that you read the story and you're always there whenever I post a new one. ❤️

And I hear you, male desperation is not liked by everyone. I am going to tweak my stories in such a way that it can be enjoyed by both set of people. I am trying to be as inclusive as possible...

*152*2024-04-15 16:56

{{1 hour ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I didn't realize I was here and commented every time you posted a story. And and maybe you could do more stories of female desperation. But I know you probably like male and female desperation. That's why you write stories sometimes about both.

And I was thinking about this the other day too.Do you think you ever gon to do another pole or ask people what Characters or video game characters. You like to see desperate On a omorashi Calendar

}}

Yes you were here for all of my stories. I am working on a novel based solely on female desperation. Though of late I have got commissioned for a mix of male and female desperation. When I wrote those stories I made myself desperate as well. It was very enjoyable for me.

However, I will give the audience what it wants and even if I were to include male omo, I will clearly indicate it and write in such a way that even after skipping it the story should be thoroughly enjoyable. Any other aspects from the stories which you think needs improvement?

