Lyra's Intentional Accident

Author: RingBender13

*000*2016-09-21 00:21

It was a Saturday morning. Lyra had just arrived home after defeating the Elite Four and Lance, the Pokemon Champion. She hadn’t been home for a long time, but she was back now, and she was happy that she could finally relax. She had just woken up. It was 8:04 AM. “*Yawn*, ahhhh. Good morning world…” she muttered quietly. She noticed she had to pee, so she got up, even though she wanted to go back to bed. She was about to walk into the bathroom, when she said “Oh shit! I forgot to grab my Pokemon back while I was at the Pokemon Center last night in Cherrygrove City!” She started to head back upstairs into her room to change out of her matching red pajamas, only then wearing her perfectly white panties and her bra, and switched into her normal outfit she wore during her adventure. She always thought it was a really cute outfit, and there were a lot of people who agreed with her.

She then grabbed her PokeGear, her PokeDex, and her bag, containing her empty PokeBalls, some TMs she never used, and some leftover Hyper Potions, Full Restores, and Revives items from the Elite Four. “Please, please, please, PLEASE don’t let my Pokemon be stolen now! I don’t even know how I was stupid enough to leave them there!” She dashed downstairs, ran toward the door, put on her shoes, and left to go outside.

It was a quiet morning, and the sun had only just came out. All of the neighbors seemed to be asleep still, and Lyra knew her mom was still asleep. She said to herself “I’m pretty glad that I didn’t wake Mom up. Not that it would have really minded, but whatever. I need to get going. She ran down to the entrance to Route 29, and walked throughout the area. There was a lot of grass and trees in this route. She remembered that when she went to explore with her Marril. She looked around, sighed, and then said “Ok, I am going to have to watch out for wild Pokemon, especially Rattata. Sentret and Pidgey aren’t as big of a deal, but I’m still going to need to be cautious, since I don’t have my Pokemon with me!” She began to walk throughout the path as quick as she can, although she couldn’t go too fast since she didn’t want to bother many Wild Pokemon. Most of them were asleep, it seemed, but there were still noises from the grass, so she knew she wasn’t quite off the hook yet.

She didn’t notice it yet, but Lyra’s pee had been growing in her bladder the entire time since she woke up. However, as she continued to get deeper and deeper into Route 29, she got more worried that something would attack her. It was too late for her to go back now. After about 15 minutes of speed-walking, she had finally got a glimpse of the entrance to Cherrygrove City. She got closer and closer until she got close enough to sprint into the city, and then she made a mad dash. She got to the very end of Route 29, and then stopped. She looked back, and saw a horde of Rattata running after her! She immediately yelled out “Fuck!”, loud enough for the town to hear. She also felt her urge to pee increase greatly as she saw the running rodents, and this time she noticed it.

She once again sprinted as quick as she could, this time into the Pokemon Center. The automatic door opened, and she ran inside, and went to a corner. She watched for a second, and saw the door close. She sighed with relief, and walked up to the desk and asked the Lady “Hey miss, I forgot my Pokeballs here last night, do you happen to still have them?” She looked into her storage area and seemed to move something around. While the nurse was looking, Lyra noticed that she had really needed to go to the bathroom.

“Dang, I really need to pee. I should’ve done that before I left the house this morning,” she Lyra thought. Lyra’s thoughts about her pee went away completely when the lady then looked back up at Lyra and put the Pokeballs on the desk. She asked “Are these it?” Lyra said “Oh yes! They are! Thank you so much, I thought I lost them!” Inside of the Pokeballs were a Meganium, Azumarril, and a Giraffarig. She put the others away in her PC before she left from the Pokemon League to return home. She took her Pokemon, but them in her bag, and said “Thank you!” to the nurse. “Have a wonderful day!” she replied back.

Lyra then walked outside of the center. The Rattata were gone, but she wouldn’t really mind since she had her Pokemon with her if they came back. She forgot to ask the nurse where the bathroom was in the center, and headed on her way back to New Bark Town. Her pee was really starting to bother her, however. She was squirming on the way back home, and was starting to feel stress on her bladder a lot, and she really didn’t know if she could make it.

About half way home, Lyra noticed something laying in the grass that she had never seen before. It was a SHINY Sentret! Lyra gasped at the sight, and let a little bit of pee leak out into her white panties. She didn’t even notice, however, due to how excited she was. “I have to stay quiet! I don’t want it running away!” Lyra whispered to herself. She reached into her bag and grabbed her Pokeball that contained Meganium. She tossed the Pokeball onto the ground, opening the capsule and releasing Meganium onto the path.

“Gaiiin!” it said loudly! Lyra then said “Shush Meganium! Just use sleep powder on that Sentret, ok?”. Meganium nodded, and released a gray powder onto Sentret. It feel asleep instantly. Lyra then rushed to get her bag open, and then grabbed a normal Pokeball. “I don’t want it to escape, but wasting a Great Ball or even an Ultra Ball would be a waste.” She then threw the Pokeball as hard as she could at the wild Pokemon, and watched as it was turned into energy and went inside of the ball. It shook inside of the ball. Once. Twice. Thrice. Then, she heard a loud *click* from the ball, and she jumped for joy! “Yes, I caught a shiny Pokemon!” Lyra yelled. She went to go pick up the Pokeball, and then threw it out of it’s shiny new capsule. It was still asleep when she threw it out, but a sparkle emitted from it. “It’s sooooo cute!” she squealed!

Lyra noticed something. She felt a wet spot down in her underwear. “Hmm?” she quietly said to herself. She had thought in the past that her “lower area” had felt wet, but it was different this time. It had a bit of a warm touch to it. She looked into her pants, to see a small damp spot with a tint of yellow around her pussy. “I peed a little…” she said in a quiet, but not quite whisper voice to herself. She began to blush and look around her. Nobody was near. It got her thinking.

“Heyyy,” she said to herself. “I have always actually wondered what it was like to… you know, pee in my pants.” She looked around once again to make sure nobody was looking, and said “Well, I guess it can’t hurt to just try it. I can wash my outfit and my underwear anyways.” She walked over to a corner with some trees around it so nobody could see. She was ready. Lyra is going to pee in her pants. She let her massive amount of piss sitting inside of her get ready, and she was ready too. She let a small squirt out into her underwear, lasting the same amount of time as the first leak (only about a second). She looked into her pants at her underwear while she did it, and she saw as her panties’ wet spot grew a tiny bit. It became more damp, more dark, more warm, and more yellow. Not much of any, but a little bit nonetheless. She giggled to herself, and said “Haha, this actually feels pretty good!”.

She wanted to pee some more, so she started to squat down above the dirt, and began piss even more in her panties and her denim clothes. This time, she didn’t stop. Lyra’s piss quickly soaked her underwear, warming it up and staining it yellow, and started to run into her pants. Since she was squatting, it started to warm up her cute little butt, and spread around that area in her pants, as well as the front of them. “Mmmmm… oh yeahhhh…” she began to moan as piss continued to flood her panties. A stream had started around her pussy, landing into the dirt. It made a puddle around her feet, warming up her shoes.

After almost a good minute, the pee started to slow down. She giggled once more to herself, proud of what she did. “Wow!” she said quietly to herself. “That actually turned me on a lot. I’m so naughty! I’m going to need to get Ethan to do this with me some time, haha. But first, I have something else to do!”. Lyra began to rub herself through her shiny panties after she took her pants off. She started moaning once more, as she masterbated in her warm, yellow, wet underwear. She continued for a short time, until she already had an orgasam. It felt super good.

Lyra then put her pants back on, and sent out her Azumarill. She said “Azumarill, don’t ask questions, and spray me with water!”. Azumarill gladly obeyed, and squirted Lyra all over with water. It couldn’t be an attack, because even a measly water gun attack can hurt a human. Lyra wanted to be soaked, so it wouldn’t look like she pissed herself anymore. If somebody asked questions, she could just say she was playing with Azumarill, or she fell into the water because she was feeling clumsy. Lyra still felt the warm area inside of her underwear and pants, however, and she enjoyed her walk home in them. She was happy that day, because she found something new that she liked a whole lot, and once Ethan was back home too, she knew that some fun would be ready to happen.

The end!

