Blunderous Tales from the Adventurer

Author: Ruromo

*000*2022-06-02 05:48

This topic will host a series of Final Fantasy XIV related short stories featuring my Keeper of the Moon Miqo'te adventurer.

Do note that I am writing these with the intent of my adventurer filling the role of Warrior of Light, and I do not intend to write any of the canon characters in omo situations, though I may involve other adventurers.

These stories are very likely to contain spoilers for the game, so if you care about that sort of thing, you may not want to read. Though this first one is not a spoiler, and I will definitely mark individual stories for spoiler content.

***

Dripping echoed throughout the halls as Rui stepped into the dark, dank depths of the abandoned prison system known as the Thousand Maws of Toto-Rak. A number of years ago, all of the prisoners held within were transferred to a gaol closer to the city of Gridania, and the emptied halls of the dungeon left to rot. In the intervening years, the prison had become infested with noxious molds and diseased vilekin, with an ever-increasing number of the new inhabitants escaping the dungeon and spreading their pestilence to the southern parts of the Black Shroud.

The Conjurer’s Guild had tasked a nervous new miqo’te recruit to accompany the Wood Wailers in clearing out the virulent vermin hosted within. Rui clutched her wooden staff close to her, as the doors shut tightly behind the group, echoing into the darkness. Whether it be the oddly chilly air or the ominous atmosphere of the dungeon, she could feel goosebumps on her skin. Though this quickly faded as one of the Wailers drew a torch and set it ablaze, bringing warmth and light into the cold darkness.

Her company consisted of three hyur – a stoic lancer who rarely spoke; a crack shot archer who rarely shut up; and their Captain, a friendly sort of swordsman but stern when it was necessary. Rui had forgotten their names and was too afraid to ask again at this point. Not that she could get a word in edgewise with the loudmouth archer’s near-constant stream of inane thoughts and poor attempts at humor.

Surprising no one, the archer cracked jokes and made casual conversation as the group cut down the creatures in their way. A slash of the sword cleaves a flowering mitetrap in two, and a thrust of the spear impaled a blood-supping chigoe. ‘How could these people be so… calm in this eerie place?’ Rui thought as she cast minor curative magics to tend to the soldiers’ scratches.

It wasn’t long until the four found the path forward blocked by thick webbing.

“Ugh, mites,” the swordsman groaned, stepping forward to cut through the webs, “could’ve spun their damn web anywhere else, but nooo.”

A hissing echoed throughout the room, originating from… the ceiling? Rui shakily looked upward, freezing as several sets of glowing red eyes stared back at her.

“C-c-c-captain?” Rui stuttered out, pointing up.

“Ah. Right, they would be pissed about that, wouldn’t they. Get ready!”

The eyes detached from the ceiling. Four dog-sized fuzzy spiders dropped from the shadows above. The lancer positioned his spear to point up, catching one of the mitelings on it. He let out a hearty chuckle as he shook the skewered spider off of his weapon.

The captain and the archer stepped out of the way, letting two of the eight-legged horrors crash into the cobblestone floor. But Rui had no combat training, and her panicked body wanted to run off in every direction at once. She was paralyzed with fear.

Rui screamed as the final mite landed on top of her, the weight of a fifty-ponze arachnid sending them both toppling to the mossy cobblestone floor. The miteling’s head not five ilms from her own, began hissing and gnashing its fang-filled mouth, only to be cut short when a spear pierced its side, the spider-like creature falling limp. Knocking the beast’s body off of her own, Rui quickly scrambled to her feet, shaking and wiping terrified tears from her cheeks.

“Oi, you alright, lass?” the captain asked.

“Aye, bit of a scare there. You didn’t piss yourself, did you?” the archer teased.

Rui shook her head, “I’m… fine. I just need to… catch my breath,” she wheezed.

She hadn’t pissed herself, but both the scare and her companion’s comment made her realize her need to go. Rui had skipped visiting the privy, thinking that squashing a bunch of bugs would take no time at all. Thankfully, her urge wasn’t too bad yet, but the gaol seemed larger than she had anticipated.

“Well, stay on your guard, because those were only the children,” the captain explained, “full-grown diremires are larger, and they’ve got poisonous stinger tails.”

Spoiler

Further in, the squad discovered two giant ochu had taken up residence in a couple of hub rooms. Though their toxic fumes were rather unpleasant, Rui was easily able to neutralize the poisons, her allies cutting down the overgrown weeds.

But the least pleasant leg of their journey came in the deepest reaches of the prison, where the larger diremites had set up their nests. The walls coated in large egg sacs, and the floor covered in a sticky green slime. The sight alone was nauseating, let alone the smell. A mixture of rotting flesh and plant matter, mold and mildew, and stagnant water.

Along the path were several mitetraps wrapped in webbing. ‘Ironic’, Rui murmured to herself.

“Hold up,” the captain ordered, holding up his hand. Reaching down and grabbing a piece of cobblestone broken off the masonry, he weighed it in his hand before lobbing it at the trapped mitetrap. The sac burst, spewing a disgusting rotting gas, adding its own powerful stench to the dungeon’s. Rui covered her mouth, trying her damnedest not to vomit. Nevertheless, the group carried on, gritting their teeth and holding their breath.

The diremites in this section weren’t the ambushing type, it seemed, and all were easily dispatched. All was going well, except for one thing. It had only been a bell, and yet Rui’s bladder had gotten noticeably full. She hoped they would be done with their mission soon as she pressed her knees together.

“Hey, captain! Mind if we take a break?” the archer shouted, “I’ve gotta piss a river here.”

“Damn it, can’t it wait ‘til we’re finished?”

“I’ve been holding it all day, captain.”

“Fine. We’ll take a minute. Do either of you need to do your business, or can you hold it like adults until we get out of here?”

“No, sir, I’m set.” the lancer stated.

“Yes, I’m fine, too...” Rui lied. She very much would like to go now, but relieving herself inside a hostile dungeon, and able to be watched by her allies as she did so? Not an acceptable sequence of events in her eyes.

The sound of water pattering against stone filled the room, as did the archer’s very loud groans of relief. Rui gripped her staff tighter and crossed her legs beneath her robes. This man was taunting her, he had to be.

“Oh for the love of Nophica, do you have to be loud?!” the captain shouted.

“I do!” the archer shouted back, laughing. The captain rolled his eyes in frustration.

After what seemed like an eternity, the archer returned with a loud sigh, “Aaaall right, let’s go.”

A spiraling pathway took them deeper into the earth, towards an execution chamber, if the signs were accurate. The captain opened a set of doors, leading into a precipice overlooking a sunken room. An absolutely massive clutch of eggs obscured the ceiling, with an equally massive diremite clinging to them, asleep. A sense of dread overcame Rui, causing her to tremble.

“Bloody hells, that’s a big friggin’ banemite!” the archer screamed, his voice echoing around the circular chamber.

The banemite’s crimson eyes shot open, glaring directly at the group. The gargantuan creature spat a thick thread from its massive mandibles, sticking to the captain and dragging him off the ledge and into the room as it reared its head back.

“Pipe down, you son of a-GHK,” the captain grunted.

“Captain!” Rui and the lancer shouted simultaneously. A wider spray of web wrapped around the two and the archer, pulling them all into the pit alongside their captain.

“Ack!”

“Whoa!”

“WAAH!”

The four of them were hoisted toward the ceiling, the massive mother beginning to wrap them in webbing. Rui’s breathing quickened, her heart racing. She felt fearful tears welling up in her eyes and heard the muffled shouting of her companions as they were completely bound in this web. Then came to her turn. The web covered her head, and she could not see. It bound her limbs, and she could not move. Terror overwhelmed her mind, and she started feeling warm…

...and wet. Urine began to flow from her loins, quickly turning into a raging torrent, completely soaking her silk panties and drenching her cotton breeches. She could feel it pooling at the bottom of the cocoon, her panicked kicking splashing it against her boots. Until… it suddenly vanished. She could feel her feet swinging free and her body slowly sliding out.

She fell a good ten yalms, landing on her feet but the shock of the impact causing her to stumble onto her piss-soaked behind. Hissing in pain she looked up, spotting the web she had broken out of, and three writhing cocoons. With a wave of the staff, Rui conjured stones to cut down one of her allies. The cocoon fell to the floor of the cavern with a splat. A sword pierced through the skin, and the captain climbed out, kicking the remains of it away.

The banemite roared, none too happy that its food was being stolen off its plate. The monstrosity climbed down the wall and began biting at the swordsman.

“Eyy! Good work there, lass! Now get the other two down – I’ll hold this bastard off!” the captain said, not taking his eyes off the target. He dodged two chomps, then crammed his wooden buckler into its maw.

Slowly standing up, Rui cast her Stone spell again, this time knocking the archer loose.

“I owe you one!” he shouted, drawing his bow and firing a few arrows into the monster’s carapace.

As she began to cast the spell one last time, she was blindsided. The banemite whipped its tail at Rui, thankfully missing with its stinger, but knocking her across the room as she cried out in pain. The mite shoved the captain and archer out of its way as it began to chase her down.

“Where do you think you’re going?! Rui! Are you alright?”

The blow had knocked the wind right out of her, she could only reply with a pained wheeze and a pathetic whimper.

“Oh shite, hold on! I’m coming for ya!”

As the banemite reared up with its stinger, the archer took aim and let loose an arrow. Sailing through the air before striking its target – severing the final cocoon. The entombed lancer fell, crushing the banemite’s back beneath his weight and disorienting it.

The lancer’s spear stabbed through the webbing, freeing him and allowing him to stand upon the stunned creature’s back. Gaining a stable stance atop the beast’s staggering body, he lifted his spear and drove it into through the banemite’s chitin-covered cranium.

Watery blood splashed over the lancer and Rui as the corpse collapsed. They had done it. Rui tried to get up, but her legs felt weak and she fell back to her knees. The archer and lancer lifted Rui to her feet and supported her as the captain cast a spell to return them to the entrance.

“How in the hells did you do it?” the captain inquired, “getting out of the web, that is.”

Rui blushed, “Er… I, um, have no idea,” she lied once more.

“Guess the bastard did a rush job on yours then, aye?”

“Aren’t you glad you let me piss in peace now, captain?” the archer commented smugly, “guarantee I would’ve pissed myself if I hadn’t gone earlier. Really, it’s you who dodged a bullet there.”

“Nobody wants to hear you brag about how you didn’t piss your britches. You’re godsdamned twenty-and-five! That’s something a child of six-summers would brag about!”

Rui felt a bit of shame hearing that, heat rising in her cheeks.

“Are you alright there? You’re lookin’ a bit red in the face. That banemite didn’t poison you, did it?”

“N-no. Just got hit in the stomach. Trying to breathe again,” she stuttered nervously.

“Well, ye did a good job in there, kid,” the captain praised, patting her on the back, “with the mother mite dead, the Wailers should be able to deal with the leftovers. You can head on back to Gridania and take a well-earned rest, alright?”

Rui nodded nervously as the captain put a hand up to his ear, the distinctive tone of a linkpearl ringing as he did so, and began talking to whomever was on the other end. Rui looked down to examine the damage to her clothing, but was relieved to find that her robe was only wet with monster blood, and her dampened breeches hidden by the former. Sighing, she began her long march back to the city, stiffly and awkwardly trying to keep her sullen legs apart.

Spoiler

