A Day at the Lake (Indian)

Author: Ranganath

*000*2017-12-12 15:06

Warning: Contains pooping... Just a warning

Akansha’s alarm went off at 5:00 in the morning. She moaned groggily, and turned on her side, rolling herself into a sitting position. No sooner did she pick up her phone and check the messages, than she saw that Karthik and Radhika were already at the lake waiting for her. And Rebecca was on her way! Shit!!

In a frenzy, Akansha jumped out of bed. She switched on the light, threw on a pair of jeans over the panties she’d slept in, tossed a T-shirt over her head and dashed out of the door.

This lake plan had been made almost a week in advance. Not far from their houses was a beautiful large and for the most part uninhabited lake. The plan was to go there incredibly early in the morning ,have a refreshing walk, a soothing joint, and watch the sunrise in all its glory.

Akansha left the house, boarded an early-morning bus, and checked her watch again. Fuck! It was already 5:30. In the distant expanses of the sky she could see the first rays of sunrise beginning to illuminate the horizon. She sat quietly, put her headphones into her ears and hoped the bus would reach there soon.

___

Meanwhile, over at the lake, Karthik and his girlfriend Radhika had already reached the bus stop and were no trekking the 2 km hike over a set of hills that led to the lake.

“What is this yaar!!” , Radhika whined as she plodded up along the winding dirt track.

“This is soooo faaaarr…”

Karthik looked back, amusement and irritation plastered in equal arts on his face.

“Come on now”, he implored, “The worst is done….we’re almost there..”

Radhika whined something or the other but Karthik was too far ahead to make sense of any of it. However, he quite clearly heard her whine the word bladder. Karthik dismissed it with a casual shrug of his shoulders and kept walking.

Finally, after another 5 minutes of trekking, Karthik and Radhika finally crossed the final ridge. The full lake, shining magnificently blue was clearly visible. It was dazzling in the orange reflection of the sky. Karthik stood abreast the ridge, his tall muscular frame silhouetted by the rising sun: he looked magnificent. Radhika stumbled her way up, panting and gasping for breath.

Panting and covered in sweat, Radhika implored,

“Please… Let’s just sit down for a bit.”

Karthik replied,

“But we’re only 10 minutes away from the lake. We’re almost there, don’t you want to make it?”

Radhika nodded ,still panting,

“But just sit here for a minute or two no? Let me catch my breath?”

Karthik realized he couldn’t convince her otherwise and sat next to her. Karthik was too busy staring at the beautiful lake that he failed to notice Radhika’s writhing legs or her clenched fist. He failed to notice the swelling lake in Radhika.

______

Rebecca’s morning had started very badly. At 4:30 this morning, while the lights were still off and the sun was sleeping, Rebecca had been awoken by a cramp in her stomach. She was forced to jump out of bed and dash to the bathroom, tearing down her boxer shorts to plop herself down on the cold porcelain lid of the toilet just as a wave of spluttering liquid excrement spewed out of her and into the polished basin.

Rebecca groaned and clutched her stomach. It must have been that Golgappa that she’d eaten last night! Why, Why the fuck had she eaten that Golgappa!?

And so, the next hour was spent like this. For small intervals of time Rebecca had felt better. She would clean herself up, pull her boxer shorts up and stumble back into her bed. However, Mere minutes later she’d be woken by a resurgence of the same cramps and be forced to dash into the bathroom once more, starting the cycle all over.

By 5:30 however, Rebecca was feeling considerably better. She’d been in bed for almost half an hour, and the nausea and cramps were gone: it seemed, for good. She rose to the beeping of her alarm and deemed herself fit enough to make the journey to the lake. She rose groggily and wiggled her way into a pair of skin tight blue denim Levi jeans. She managed to pull them up to her upper thighs, but no higher; her striped purple panties obstructed her.

Rebecca wriggle out of her jeans, took off her panties (throwing them behind the door), and pulled her jeans back up, completely naked underneath. She zipped them tight, fastened the button and took off in a taxi towards the lake.

Meanwhile, Karthik and Radhika sat utterly motionless on the ridge, staring out at the morning sunrise. Karthik moved closer and put his arm around Radhika. He noticed that she was tense and wiggling, but he paid it no heed. Instead he drew her in closer, and closer, and kissed her on the lips.

Radhika had been badly in need of a pee for quite some time now, but she wasn’t quite sure how to bring this up to her boyfriend Karthik. They’d been dating for only about a month and she was still afraid that something as ‘taboo’ as this may be deemed ‘gross’ by Karthik… and that would be incredibly embarrassing. Rather, she had chosen to remain quiet.

As Karthik pulled her into his gaze and planted his lips on hers, she was overcome by his kiss. Oh his kiss! It robbed her of reality and all of her mundane concerns. All she could feel was his lips against her, gently massaging her and easing her as his hand pulsated between her legs. She couldn’t escape it! There was nothing she could bring herself to do or say that would cause him to let go of her as his body slowly weaved against hers.

Karthik slipped his hand down the front of Radhika’s loose elastic sport shorts and deftly made its way into her panties. Karthik discovered a creamy gooey paradise. With the skill of a neurosurgeon and the knowledge of a gynaecologist, Karthik located the clit and began to weave wave after wave of pleasure onto it.

Radhika was tight of breath. She could feel him rubbing her most private of privates, her holy of holies. And she loved it. Despite the throbbing warnings from her bladder, Radhika just couldn’t stop him. As he pulled down her shorts and lay her down on the crunching grass, she couldn’t, or rather didn’t want to stop him.

Karthik laid down next to her and guided her to come on top of him. Radhika noticed that her pants were down, bundled near his feet, and his large throbbing manhood glowed in the morning light, highlighted by the thick clump of hair that adorned its base. Karthik guided her into a squat over him, his soaking genitals mere inches from hers. Karthik looked at her and she felt her bladder throb once more.

Karthik let go of Radhika and almost instinctively, she began to lower herself onto him. As his large hard penis brushed the dripping space between her thighs, she was racked with excruciating waves of mind blowing pleasure. She eased herself down slowly as his strong pulsating dick rose inside of her.

Radhika threw her head back in ecstacy. Karthik was a part of her! She felt her heart throb with joy and her woman-parts throb with pleasure. All of a sudden her bladder throbbed in revolt. Radhika’s eyes widened in shock as a small spurt of urine shot out of her and splattered Karthik’s shirt. Radhika was mortified. Luckily Karthik was too enraptured in pleasure, his eyes closed and his fists clenched, to notice. Radhika felt her bladder rearing up again and she knew that she had to get off, now! She needed to pee too bad! She just couldn’t control it.

“Karthik…”, she moaned, her voice no louder than a whisper,

“Karthik… I … I really need to pee…. I just cant….control it…”

Karthik was seconds away from shooting his load. As Radhika was speaking he felt his orgasm rising up in his dick. He was cumming!

Subsequently, when Radhika tried to extricate herself from him, so she could run into the bushes and pee, he pulled her back down onto him. This was the last straw for Radhika’s bladder. Her urethra tensed once or twice, as she tried to hold back the dam, but there was never any chance. Her bladder had been neglected for too long. With an agonized cry, the contents of Radhika’s bladder squirted out of the hairy mauve patch between her legs, splattering violently onto Karthik’s stomach as he ejaculated all over her.

As Karthik finished cumming, Radhika rolled over him, piss still gushing out of her, and squatted mere feet from Karthik. Her yellow piss pattered furiously into the muddy ground beneath her, leaving puddles.

___

Akansha had reached the foot of the hill at the same time Rebecca had. Rebecca was halfway up the hill, Akansha by her side, when a rumble in her stomach reminded her of the Golgappa, and shattered her fragile belief that her diarrhoea dangers were done. Rebecca felt her bowels tense angrily and she knew from the experience this morning, that such an urge could not be overcome, merely delayed, and that too for a minute max.

Rebecca turned to Akansha and asked awkwardly,

“Hey, do you think you could just wait a minute…. I just.. .really need to use..use the bathroom.”, her cheeks blushed red.

Akansha awkwardly nodded her head and Rebecca ran behind the bushes. She frantically unbuttoned her jeans, tore them down and fell into a squat as diarrhoea erupted from her shapely backside. She hugged her knees and breathed deeply as she covered the forest floor in her liquid shit.

Akansha awkwardly remained standing on the dirt path nearby as Rebecca’s bowels loudly evacuated themselves onto the forest floor. A minute or so of awkward squatting ensued for Rebecca as she finished up and was forced to search for some fresh leaves with which to ‘clean up’. Soon enough a triumphant Rebecca emerged from the bushes. However, Akansha was far less impressed. As Rebecca had been hunched up behind the bushes, Akansha (my girlfriend at the time) had been texting me.

Akansha: Hey

Me: Hey! What’s up?

Akansha: Nothing much, came on this stupid trip to the lake. You know, that far off one in Mahlapur?

Me: Yeah. That’s really far! How come you went all the way there? I know how lazy you are. There’s no way you’d travel that far unless it was for a really good reason. So? What is it?

Akansha: Well, Rebecca came for one. I’ve been dying to meet her, it’s been ages.

Me: Oh! That’s great! Say hi to her from me too if you can? Have you met her yet? What are they doing now?

Akansha: Ummm well, Rebecca’s freshening up right now… I’m not too sure about Radhika.

Me: Freshening up? What does that mean? Aren’t you guys at a lake?

Akansha: Yeah but…. You know….. stuff

Me: Hmmm… I get it..

Akansha: Do you? Do you really??

Me: I think I do

Akansha: Tell me then.

Me: Ummm… Is she pissing behind a bush or something? :P

Akansha: Oh My God! :P How did you guess that :P Close enough :P XD

Me: “Close”. Oh my God! Don’t tell me!! Is she….??

Akansha: Yep. Been feeling sick since morning it seems.

Me: Damn… Well. How are you feeling?

Akansha: Okay yaar. Just need to pee a little bit.

Me: Hmm….. Will you be okay?

Akansha: Yeah Yeah! You know me! When have I ever not been okay?

Me: Hyderabad, for one.

Akansha: Oh come on! That’s not fair, apart from that?

Me: None really come to mind. Well then, hope it all goes well :P

Akansha: It will, see you soon.

The lake after that was essentially uneventful. Akansha’s bladder, merely uncomfortable when she chatted with me, grew worse and fuller as the day progressed. As the day wore on, she began to be desperate enough to consider looking for alternated sources of relief (mainly squatting behind a particularly lush bush). However, as Akansha’s luck would have it, the group spotted a porta-potty in the distance.

Radhika’s urge had been satisfied after that embarrassing post-coital piss in front of Karthik, but Rebecca’s stomach was still plaguing her. Both Rebecca and Akansha set off for the bathroom in the distance.

As they approached, Akansha couldn’t help but notice the look of acute distress on Rebecca’s face. Rebecca was sweating and waddling like a duck; it was obvious she wouldn’t be able to hold it much longer. Regardless of how much Akansha liked Rebecca, Akansha wasn’t about to give up her bathroom for anyone!

Akansha sprinted ahead of Rebecca, entered the porta-potty and slammed the door, bolting it firmly and beginning to remove her jeans. It was only at this point that she noticed the toilet was an Indian-style one. Akansha has a great aversion towards Indian-style loos and finds them disgusting. On this occasion however, Akansha tore her jeans down with her panties till her calves, and squatted closely over the toilet as she released the contents of her strained bladder.

Upon completing her piss, Akansha pulled up her pants and left the stall, expecting to find a very desperate Rebecca. To her surprise however, Rebecca was gone. Vanished.

Suddenly Akansha heard a loud splatter of semi-liquid on dried leaves followed by a spluttering fart. Akansha laughed thinking of Rebecca. The girl had shit once in the forests already today; why not a second time?

