Rexone Story Commissions - Page 5

Author: Rexone_312

*104*2023-12-25 15:46

Hi All Omo Lovers! Wishing you all a very Merry Christmas and New Year ahead!

I am bringing to you yet another tale of intense, jaw-clenching story of extended desperation. Presenting to you my version of Lacus Clyne from Gundam Seed Destiny Anime series.

The Fateful Day

Onboard the Eternal ship, Lacus Clyne was woken up by her gnawing bladder. She had overestimated her control and went to bed – unrelieved. The result was an angry bladder, best described as a bowling ball. Thankfully she had a cabin to herself with an attached private bathroom. Even before the alarm rang, she threw away her duvet and tip toed to the bathroom topless. Once inside, her need worsened ten folds. Her bladder acted as if it had a mind of its won and promptly opened the floodgates once her sweaty ass hovered over the WC. The entire cabin was filled with the noise of her gushing pee. Heck, even the lady staying in the neighbouring chamber was woken up by the sudden hisser.

It was merely 5 in the morning, but Lacus knew once she would step out, she would be caught in a whirlwind of activities. She spent an extra minute or two on the WC ensuring that every last drop of pee was squeezed out. When the drops stopped flowing out, she wiggled her bubble butt in her tight undies. After having a hearty breakfast of canned food and jugful of juice she stepped out of her private chamber. As usual she was dressed in her trendy white overcoat with a slit high up the sides exposing her toned legs and her slender hips. Thankfully she wore a pink flowing miniskirt matching her undies beneath. She also wore a pair of white high heels. She cast a glance at the door of the bathroom contemplating whether to squeeze out the little trickle forming inside her bladder already, but she decided otherwise. Little did she know that it would be her last pee for a long time ahead.

The day kicked off with Lacus meticulously reviewing the ship’s health and the star map, while sipping water mindlessly from a crystal-clear glass. Hardly two hours had passed and the subtle pressure in her bladder started tingling for a bathroom a break already. But it was far trivial to even acknowledge. There was a lot to tackle, from planning diplomatic efforts to addressing urgent defence matters that demanded her attention, she had barely a moment to spare. Under her calm behaviour though her bladder was hatching a plan.

As the morning progressed and tasks got wrapped up, she found some time to herself. She engrossed herself in composing a heartfelt song to inspire hope among the ship's crew. With each verse and rehearsal, she took copious sips of water to keep her throat well-hydrated. It was 9 in the morning now, 4 hours since her last pee break. All the water from breakfast was now resting in her bladder and more was being processed by her super-healthy kidneys. Her bladder nagged for a relief. She, however, was in no mood to break the flow of her creativity. Instead, she pulled her skirt and undies tighter and continued to compose. After an hour or so, Lacus abruptly stopped singing as a really strong wave of desperation hit her. That was the moment, she realized that she was really full. She stepped out of the recreation hall to go towards the bathroom she was urgently called to the control deck.

“I guess I can hold for a bit longer”, she thought to herself, though the pressure occupied 50% of her concentration. Despite the mounting pressure, she soldiered on, to look into the matter. Once at the deck she was welcome with huge monitors glaring various red symbols and alerts. She sprung to action while maintaining a facade of composure. The habituated water sips continued, and each drop slowly marched towards her bladder with each sip she took. Though they couldn’t see anything outside the huge windowpanes, the radar kept picking strong signals of someone’s presence. It was late afternoon now, but she couldn’t understand why the radars kept glaring. Another butt clenching wave hit her, and she made a split-second decision—to gracefully excuse herself from the control room before it was too late.

The Upper Deck

As Lacus Clyne rose from her seat, determined to take a much-needed pee, the communication screen buzzed demandingly. With a sigh of reluctance, she hesitated before accepting the call. To her dismay, Captain Andrew Waltfeld's face appeared on the screen, a sense of urgency etched across his features. "Lacus, we've got a critical situation. Heaven's base has fallen, and Orb is the next target. The radars were picking up their strong infra-red signals of the Zaft forces even when they were afar. But they are catching up with us with great speed. You need to get to the upper deck right away," Andrew's voice conveyed the gravity of the situation.

Lacus was torn between the urgency of the situation and the pressing need for a bathroom break. She attempted to squeeze in a break without telling the captain about her actual needs, "Captain, I understand the situation is dire, but I just need a few minutes before I can join you on the upper deck." Andrew, however, wasn't one to entertain delays. "Lacus, this is urgent. Orb is at stake, and we are in the range of being attacked. We can't afford to wait. Get to the upper deck immediately."

With a reluctant nod, Lacus clenched herself. Her thighs squished under that tiny skirt, giving all around her a little upskirt. As she started to move towards the upper deck, a jolt of pressure rocked her body. She leaned against the wall to steady herself. “You got this Lacus, breathe 1,2,3. . .” Her heart was racing as she shot longing glances at the bathroom door she had unwillingly bypassed. The crew members she passed noted the uncharacteristic tension in the usually composed Lacus.

As Lacus ascended to the upper deck, her heels clicked. Though, to her, it resembled more like the sound of the ticking bomb in her bladder. Her focus on the critical mission ahead wavered and the captain had to repeat himself when she lost focus. She tried once more to convey the urgency of her personal situation. "Captain, I understand the gravity of the situation, but can we not spare a moment for..." Andrew cut her off, "Lacus, we don't have time for anything else right now. We need you here."

With a resigned nod, Lacus squared her shoulders and directed her attention to the unfolding crisis. The fate of Orb hung in the balance, but the unspoken battle within her added an unexpected layer of. As Andrew Waltfeld continued discussing the impact of ZAFT forces on Heaven's base and their surroundings, she clenched her teeth and squirmed subtly, the discomfort etched on her face. The cool air conditioning, designed for the efficiency of space operations, only added to her misery. She was nearly naked from the bottom half of her body. That tiny shred of her miniskirt hardly covered her butt cheeks, let along protect from cold. The colour of the undie was so light that even the slightest of leakage would show. A tired bladder combined with heavy liquid intake was a deadly concoction.

Andrew, unaware of the internal conflict, pressed on, discussing strategies to safeguard the Eternal. "Lacus, do you even realize how can we safely escape from this sector of space?" he queried, expecting a focused response. However, Lacus, in her frantic state, struggled to concentrate. Her mind was consumed by the desperate need for relief. She stuttered through her response, earning an annoyed scolding from Andrew. "Lacus, focus! This is important!"

The conversation dragged on with brief responses from her. A frustrated Andrew was finally able to plan a safe escape from the space to the Orb Union and also protect them. Fortunately, the discussion neared its end, and she seized the opportunity to escape. With a hurried body language, she exited the upper deck. The first drop of pee escaped her vice like control and formed a small coin sized patch on her tight underwear. She clenched herself once more and made it to the entrance of the lower deck and the coveted bathroom. It was just a few metres away now. Her heart paced and bladder contracted, sensing that relief was close.

But just as she reached the entrance to the bathroom, DaCosta, emerged from the other end of the corridor. Spotting Lacus, he intercepted her before she could go inside the bathroom. His eyes fell on her pretzel like crossed legs and the dark wet spot on her underwear. Lacus’s hand was on the door handle, body shuddering with efforts. DaCosta, at once, knew what the matter was. Panic flickered in Lacus's eyes. She was mortified, having been caught in such a vulnerable state. She held her breath and quickly straightened herself. “Wh-what is it DaCosta? You look w-worried”, she stuttered. Dacosta vigorously nodded his head to regain his senses, “I found everything about Durandal’s plan. If you could just wait a little longer Lacus.” He pulled Lacus to the upper deck again even before she could utter her response.

“Why is it suddenly colder, Captain?” Lacus asked.

“I asked the crew to divert the power to the engine instead of the temperature regulator.” The captain replied with an annoyance. “Here, drink this coffee, it will keep you warm.”

Another mug of coffee. It would surely explode her bladder, Lacus thought. When Andrew saw that she hadn’t taken a sip her was angry, “Don’t complain if you freeze to death Lacus.” She started chugging the coffee and the subsequent re-fills as the conversation continued. Her legs were filled with goosebumps and bladder radiating heat out of sheer pressure.

Another hour passed and she was under even more pressure. Her words were jumbled, and she couldn’t understand a word that DaCosta kept blabbering about intricacies of Durandal's destiny plan. Unaware of Lacus’s struggle, DaCosta opened a diary he found and showed the details. continued to explain the Destiny Plan, the alarms in the ship suddenly went off! It scared her so much that a few more spurts erupted out of her pee hole, dripping over toned milky legs.

The Sudden Battle

The blaring alarms shattered the intense conversation. Andrew jumped into action and checked the radar. The Zaft forces were in their near vicinity. They were so distracted with all the discussions that they forgot to keep one eye on the radar systems. With a swift motion, he rushed Lacus to a nearby seat and hastily fastened the seat belt with a sharp tug. She winced, not from the impending danger but from the added pressure the belt exerted on her already bulging bladder.

All of a sudden the number of Zaft ships doubled on the radar. They were coming in huge numbers. Andrew swirled his finger in the air, which was a signal for each crew member to take their stations. The task was simple but difficult, to manoeuvre the Eternal to evade the encroaching enemy forces. The violent shakes and deafening bangs filled the air as the Zaft ship opened attack. The Eternal pitched and rolled saving itself from the laser beams. Andrew, in the meantime decided to get into his own mobile suit and deter the enemy for as long as possible, making Lacus the acting captain. “Lacus, I need you to command the ship to reach Orb. After the fall of Heaven’s base, it could be the only one place where Djibril may take refuge. Our real battle lies there! We must save Orb from the chaos!”

Being thrust into an unexpected role of directing the crew, made her kidneys pump even more urine in her constricted bladder. She was now responsible for so many lives on board and giving up just for a pee was NOT-AN-OPTION. Her bladder throbbed to expel the pee out, but she fought the outburst through every fibre of her being. The muscles of her inner thigh and butt were spasming and felt as if she was sitting on a stack of needles. Her bladder distended the seams of her tight skirt and underwear. She clenched her pee hole as tightly as she could but there was more trouble headed her way.

More Nazca-class ships joined the onslaught. She desperately wanted to cross her legs and shove her hand in her crotch, but the damned seat belt made it impossible. Every jolt of the ship sent waves of pain through her. It was a herculean task to even keep her eyes open. Her face was contorted with strain. Seeing that Lacus couldn’t give any instructions the crew, themselves tried to steer the ship away. Perhaps the crew realized what a dire state Lacus was in, but they really weren’t in a position to help her.

Love or Loo The relentless battle stretched on for hours, and Lacus forced herself to remain firmly seated in her hard, unforgiving chair. Even basic tasks like deciding to move left or right seemed impossible. She imagined that if she let go of her control, she would be fly off to the ceiling much like an ejection seat. Amidst the chaos, a familiar voice broke through the cacophony. It was Kira, her long-separated lover, reaching out through the radio to check on her and the crew. Andrew got the signals from Kira too and he quickly devised a plan. He instructed Kira to go to the Eternal and get the Strike Freedom Gundam. All hell broke loose on Lacus. The surge of elation flooded Lacus, but the mention of the machine, brought tears to her eyes. She knew preparing it in the midst of battle was a daunting task.

With a heart pounding at the back of her throat, she handed over command of the navigation to the crew. Not that she was navigating any way. She then excused herself to make her way to the hangar through the same corridor, where she stood a few hours ago with her hand on the handle of the ladies bathroom. That was perhaps the closest she could get to relieving herself in the past 13 hours. The urgency intensified merely looking at the door of the bathroom. She found her muscles clenching harder and pressure rising at the top of her pee hole. Her body language spoke volumes—clenched muscles, shifting weight from one foot to the other, beads of sweat forming on her forehead, and involuntary shudders and rebellious spurts. Fortunately, there was no one else in the red-lit corridor.

She shoved her hand in her crotch finally. The warmth of her sweaty hands provided a much-needed support. That one vice-like squeeze helped her regain some control. “I will finally use the bathroom now”, she nearly wept as she reached the bathroom door once again. The door however didn’t slide open. Once, twice, thrice she tried. But nope! “Why the fuck does the door not open!” She kicked the door angrily much to the fury of her bladder. Another spurt escaped through her fingers. She pretzelled her legs. Little did she know that the circuit of the door motor got fried.

With a heavy heart she inched towards the hangar. She gulped down her throat looking at the gigantic Strike Freedom Gundam. The realization hit her that this complex machine required time and precision, luxuries she couldn't afford in the heat of battle. Her gaze suddenly fell on the door of the other ladies' bathroom just across the hangar. Hope filled in her heart and selfishness overcame her sense of duties. Filling her chest with air she half-ran, half-walked towards the inviting door. But alas! The bathroom door, like her plans for a moment of relief, was damaged by the ongoing battle too. Lacus screamed in despair and hobbled back to the hangar, her desperation reaching heights never known to exist. She forced herself to work on the Strike Freedom Gundam, but she could only spare one hand. The other remain firmly shoved and clutched on her crotch. The wet spot had grown considerably, and the fabric of her tight undies squelched.

After another hour or Lacus thought she had completed the preparations. With a sigh of relief, she attempted to stand. But her legs trembled. “I must quickly do something! My bladder could flood the ship at the moment!” She opened a terminal to check if any other bathroom was functioning. Her joys knew no bounds when she spotted two green dots – one for the bathroom and other was a locker room nearby. The journey to the other end of the ship, where another bathroom awaited, was absolute torture for her. But just as she gathered the strength to move, the hangar entrance echoed with the arrival of Kira. Lacus froze, torn between the joy of his return and the imminent explosion her bladder threatened. The weight of her dilemma hung in the air as the one person she longed to see arrived at the very moment she teetered on the edge of her own breaking point.

Lacus didn’t want Kira to see her like this, especially with a squelching underwear beneath her microskirt. “Why did I put on this extra short skirt today!” Just then an idea popped in her head. She made her way to the locker room. Her eyes darted from one end to the other. With one hand still shoved in her crotch she searched for a dustbin or an empty can or something to pee in. “Why is there nothing to pee in!” Tears rolled down her cheek. That’s when her eyes fell on an open locker. She searched inside and found something valuable. “Yes! I can at least get a fresh pair of underwear.”

She tore away her drenched undies aside and quickly put on a new one. But her labia were still moist, and the wet spots showed. To add to her woes the undies were a few sizes smaller. She was in a dilemma, whether to go commando or put back on her old wet ones. “NO WAIT! There’s one more, I will put that one too.” Holding her breath, she once again parted her legs and put one more undie on top of the other one she just wore. As she let go of the band it snapped tightly on the bulge of her lower belly. They felt like the waist bands would cut through her skin. The fabric plunged into her butt crack and pinched her. “I must b-bear the pain. At least the double padding can hide some wetness” She thought to herself and walked out with a bladder on fire and butt hole being bitten.

Kira was now inside, he rushed to Lacus and hugged her tightly. It was a delicate moment for him and a devastating moment for her bladder. She was too embarrassed to admit the truth—that she had been holding back a lake inside her. The seams of her double undies threatened to give way under the pressure of her distended bladder. Suppressing a grimace, Lacus led Kira toward the Strike Freedom Gundam, hoping that once he entered the mobile suit, she could make a discreet escape to the only available bathroom on the other side of the hangar. Her movements were a stiff and calculated.

However, just as she was about to execute her desperate plan, Kira called for her assistance. Her hopes of a relief shattered once again. She knew that Kira’s needs were higher in priority and thus she approached him. Kira, eager to understand the nuances of the new machine, unknowingly extended Lacus's agony. She did her best to focus on his questions, her strained responses punctuated by subtle signs of distress. As they were in the heart of the hangar, surrounded by the hum of machinery and the distant echoes of battle, Lacus had to repeat herself at times. Each word falling out of her mouth meant weakening control.

As Lacus finally managed to impart the controls of the Strike Freedom Gundam to Kira, tears welled up in her eyes. However, Kira, misinterpreting her emotions, embraced her again. Her body violently shuddered, and he could feel her rock-solid bulge. “Are you OK Lacus?” Kira asked, “Do you need to relieve yourself?” Lacus’s face turned red as tomato. She profusely refused. Although she was on the verge of losing control she continued to hug him and smiled with distress. After a long painful hug, when Kira rushed to get into the suit, a few drops leaked. She quickly checked her undies and to her relief they were dry. Her idea worked. Now onto the final challenge – reach the bathroom or so she thought.

Just as she thought her moment of release was within reach, the ship, Eternal, was violently rocked once more by the relentless assault of the ZAFT forces. Lacus, caught in the storm of battle, felt her hopes shatter. The people in the control deck pleaded with her to return over the communication channel. It was a matter of life and death, and reluctantly, she waddled back. The corridor to the upper deck felt endless but she succeeded without any more leaks.

Reaching the Orb Union As Lacus assumed control of the ship, the weight of the responsibility pressed down on her. As she sat down in the chair, she realized how painful and pricky her undies were. Even when she breathed she could feel her bladder heaving inside. 18 hours of pee boiled inside her bladder, and she had hundreds of lives hanging in the balance, she had no choice but to endure. As Kira encourage her, she swiftly guided the crew. The ship swayed and jolted under the onslaught of ZAFT forces, Kira valiantly shielding them from the relentless barrage. Each manoeuvre, though strategic, only added to Lacus's torment. The internal struggle was perhaps bigger than the battle outside.

The journey to the Orb Union seemed like ages. Kira's protective efforts provided a semblance of relief for the crew, but for Lacus, there was no respite. The seams of her skirt were giving away now. She could hear the threads ripping apart with every shake. Thankfully though she had stopped leaking and her undies dried completely. The pressure thought didn’t subside by even a bit. Finally, after a long and gruelling flight, the ship reached the safety of the Orb Union. After issuing orders for the crew to take shelter in the Orb Union, Lacus, finally unbuckled her seatbelt.

“Ohhh!” She moaned with pleasure. It was like an elephant getting down from her ballooning bladder. Just as she dared to think of the bathroom, Kira's voice message shattered her hopes. He could successfully veer off the Zaft forces but only temporarily but, unfortunately, his navigational controls were damaged. Lacus found herself once again putting off her direly needed relief. She steeled herself for the task at hand and took the suit’s guiding console in her hands. The urgency of her physiological needs was so intense that every time she pressed on a button on the console, it felt like she was pressing down on her bladder. “What is taking so long Lacus?” Kira yelled. Lacus remained silent. Her teeth grinding as she tried to rotate various knobs and zero down on his landing coordinates. Sweat dripped on the console. Her body shaking with the efforts of holding 20 hours of pee.

To add to her woes, a few members of the crew came back to the ship. Despite her refusal they escorted Lacus into an underground bunker. It was a temporary arrangement which offered little solace. The only working bathroom was snatched away from her and yet she had to keep guiding Kira.

The Painful Reunion As the evening settled in, the arrival of Kira brought joy to everyone around, but for Lacus, it was a moment of heightened desperation. Her bladder was tearing apart. Her skin was so taut, it could shred any moment. Yet, she found herself too embarrassed to ask for directions to the bathroom. After debating with herself she decided to search for the bathroom on her on. She stepped out of the narrow bunker room and from the other end Kira entered the bunker, Lacus's hopes shattered again. The corridors seemed to close in on her, and vision became blurry. Her blood pressure was on an all-time high as she exerted even more force to shut her pee hole tight. The strain on her body was evident in every way possible - clenched jaw, brows frowned, lips pursed, and eyes squinted.

In the confined space of the bunker, surrounded by the cheers and embraces of those reunited with Kira, Lacus prepared herself for a long night without any relief. The fear of embarrassment kept her silent, even as the desperation was maddening. Even Kira himself was bursting to pee, but he decided to hold it for Lacus. Both the lovers made love with each other. The night passed in a torturous struggle, especially for Lacus, who died a thousand deaths every time Kira pounded her. As the first light of morning crept through the bunker, she seized the opportunity to sneak out while Kira remained asleep with his hand tightly clutching his dick.

Once out, Lacus was lost once in the maze-like corridors of the bunker. As she explored the corridors, she saw the crew members sleeping in oblivion. She then stumbled upon a security room. A bank of monitors revealed Athrun at the hangar, an unexpected sight that sent goosebumps across her body. Determination replaced her desperation. She needed to seize the opportunity before her—to convince Athrun to join her cause. Abandoning her search for a bathroom, Lacus waddled out of the bunker. “I must hurry”, she told herself, but her legs had a mind of their own. They refused to take long steps and her sweaty thighs kept squishing against each other till she reached the hangar where the Strike Freedom Gundam was housed. The hangar's cool air did little to alleviate her intense discomfort. She knew she was going to explode - just hoping not in front of Athrun.

Lacus forced a smile, as she initiated the conversation with Athrun. Her words came out more like a whisper. The vein on her forehead and her white knuckles hemming her skirt gave away her frantic need to pee. The conversation was a tightrope act. She was trying her best to motivate him and join her side of the battle. Her restless body language was betraying her words. Little did he know what a pounding Kira gave her all night. A suspicion lingered in the air as he glanced at her, and in that moment, Lacus shuddered yet again. A drop of pee managed to pass the double undies and dripped down her thighs. She held her breathe at once and stopped speaking abruptly. Her face was scrunched up. Athrun was dumbfounded but he seemed to consider her proposition. Lacus's mind raced for a way to conclude the conversation swiftly while trying to maintain normalcy.

But Athrun posed some grave questions to Lacus. With a forced smile and teary eyes, she responded to each one of them as calmly as she could. However, the struggle to act normally was reaching its peak. Her squirming became more pronounced, and a subtle tremor crept into her voice. Another spurt escaped but this time a coin-sized spot formed on her undies. One that was clearly visible to Athrun. Had her skirt been an inch longer she could have prevented this malfunction. He tactfully brought attention to the elephant in the room—her frantic need to pee. Vehemently denying the truth, she pressed on. She was functioning on sheer willpower. A slight distraction could destroy her reputation any second now. Athrun was adamant, “How do you expect me to join you Lacus? When you cannot be true to yourself and me, that you are in dire need of a bathroom? Lying doesn’t make a good warrior Lacus!”

“If you want to really h-hear the truth Athrun, I have not gone to the b-bathroom since last morning,” Lacus tried to make positive of the situation. Hearing her words Athrun’s jaws fell to the ground. “B-but my needs can w-wait as long as my duty directs me to.” She lied through her teeth. The pressure behind her pee hole felt like stinging hornets, and she had no strength left to debate further with him. To bring a quick conclusion to the discussion, she gave Athrun access to Strike Freedom Gundam to prove her point and excused herself to return to the bunker.

The Finale All the way to the bunker, Lacus was clutching her miniskirt. She needed support from any possible means. Upon returning to the bunker, Lacus felt a surge of relief as the immediate pressure to maintain composure abated. However, her ordeal was far from over. Her head pounded; her undies clung to her sweaty body. Her bladder was screaming and begging for relief, but she was still unaware about the location of the bathroom.

After trudging the entire underground maze, her eyed finally fell on a sign which resembled of a lady. She could feel the warmth of her pee rising at her pee hole. Once again she extended her hand to grab the doorknob, but she felt something pull her from behind. With a pale fearful face, she turned back slowly. Her undies now dripping with pee. “You need to come with me, Lacus! NOW!” Words refused to come out of her mouth, “K-Kira, I really.. Pee.. Bursting... Since yesterday!” Kira remained steadfast and pulled her to the common TV room.

“Lacus, there’s no bathroom here. It's a changing room for ladies. Come with me NOW! What I am about to show you is far more pressing that your need to pee!” He pointed towards the TV worriedly. Lacus barely understood what was happening around. Her head was spinning, and breath laboured.

Cagalli, the chief representative of the Orb Union was live on the TV. She was trying to raise awareness about the onslaught of Durandal and the Zaft forces. She pleaded to the population to stand up for themselves and oppose the military oppression. Lacus's was shaking now, and her legs wobbled and pretzelled continuously. Cagalli’s words proved be to be slightly motivating but her respite was short-lived. Suddenly, the transmission was interrupted, and an impostor dressed as Lacus appeared on the TV, over-riding the broadcast by Cagalli. The group in the bunker knew it was Meer who appeared on the screen.

Dressed eerily like Lacus, she began misleading the people of Orb Union. Her words were derogatory and demeaning. Given her appearance, her words could further weaken the political situation. Kira looked at Lacus with pleading eyes. “You need to stop Meer, Lacus!” A chill went down her spine. She looked at Kira nearly begging for a relief but alas! Kira wouldn’t hear it. He dragged Lacus out of the bunker and rushed to the main broadcast centre. The whole car ride seemed like centuries for Lacus. The bulge on her abdomen pushed down the waist band of her miniskirt and her double undies dangerously low. “Lacus, I know I am asking you to make a big sacrifice, but we need to stop Meer, before the broadcast ends!”

After a begrudgingly slow ride, the couple reached the broadcast centre. As they stepped out of the car, Kira saw that there was a bum shaped wet spot on the seat. He winced as it remined him of his own painfully full bladder. But not a second could be wasted. They barged into the main centre where Cagalli’s team were desperately trying to gain an open frequency band to telecast. Kira quickly helped them and shoved Lacus in front of the camera. “My back hurts”, she cried as Kira forced her to stand straight and pulled her hands to the side. At the click of a button, Meer’s transmission was cut and blocked, and the entire Orb Union saw Cagalli and Lacus live on TV. But there was something wrong.

Firstly, the people of the Orb Union were confused as to who was the real Lacus. There were hushed murmurs across Orb whether Lacus was pregnant, such was the size of her bladder. Then they paid attention to Lacus’s words from Cagalli’s side.

“I am L-Lacus and I . . .” Lacus stuttered, “really need to pee”, her words came out as a whisper. Cagalli heard the faint whisper and her eyes immediately fell on Lacus’s crotch. Her milky legs were glued together and the wet spot on her undies were rapidly growing. Her skirt was so short that the entire Orb union saw the wet spot on her undies.

“Lacus, what are you doing! Please control yourself – I need your help!” Cagalli pleaded.

“I, c-can’t hold it anymore!” Lacus wept and at one instant, the drips turned into a flood. Her white undies turned transparent as Lacus lost the last micro-control over tired and pained bladder. The entire Orb witness in awe as her pregnant like bulge started deflating. Slight ripples could be seen on the apex of her bulge. Pee worth 28 hours was trying to make its way out of her tightly confined cage – all at once. Cagalli sprang to the other side of the desk as Lacus’s waterfall continued. The burble on the floor was loud and the puddle was spreading in all directions akin to an actual flood.

The steam emanating fogged the camera lens, and the room was filled with the smell of fresh pee. It took a good few second for Lacus to realize that she was peeing so forcefully that the pee splattered from bottom and went as high as Cagalli’s table and her own thighs. The relief tingled her in wrong places and the vibrations actually started to arouser her. But she acted upon it and quickly grabbed her pussy with all her might, but her bladder simply won’t have it. The torrent continued and gurgled in between her fingers and then onto her thighs and then on the wooden floor.

The people on the other side of the Orb had all sorts of reactions, some mocked her, some felt disgusted and some just dismissed the fact that it was the real Lacus. But the one thing that no one could ignore was how the bulge on her rapidly deflated every passing minute and yet there was enough to contain more than an average bladder. Two minutes into the outburst, her kidneys pumped in even more pent-up pee into her bladder. It inflated again to every one’s utter shock.

Lacus collapsed on the floor and groaned with an overdose of pain and pleasure. In an attempt to clip her pee hole, open she inadvertently rubbed her clit. All hell broke loose with that single stroke. It brought a sensory overload for her – her body convulsed with orgasms and bladder pushed out pee in a thick ferocious stream. The stream reached at least 4 feet and with even more force than before. Every corner of the floor was under a layer of her boiling pee. After 3 and a half minutes of downpour her tsunami came to a sudden stop.

“Where was she storing all this?”, Cagalli asked, her face red with curiosity and arousal both. The entire Orb union had the same question. The entire political situation seemed puny against Lacus’s lake until Meer regained control of the broadcast again. Having seen the entire flooding of Lacus, she pointed out to the people and led them to believe that she was the real Lacus and the one with Cagalli was the impostor. People started talking,

“The real Lacus would never let anything like this happen.”

“Unbelievable! This is not the real Lacus with Cagalli.”

“Such a disgrace. She cannot be the real one.”

Feedback was reaching Meer in real time through various channels of her own. The tide was slowly turning in her favour until she uttered some condescending words against Lacus on Live TV.

“Do the people of Orb really trust this pathetic disgusting impostor? One who pisses herself like a dog on the street!”

That was her undoing. Even if Lacus were to wet herself or saw someone wetting herself she would respect them and extend a hand of help. “GO IMPOSTOR GO!” Slogans started raising on the streets, cafes, TV Shops and from everyone who was watching the impostor. It didn’t take long for the public to sense the truth and people started to tune in to the other frequency which was transmitted from Cagalli. There the real Lacus stood back on her feet though exhausted by a tsunami of pee and pleasure, but she uttered some inspirational words that resonated with all the people of Orb.

“I am the REAL Lacus Clyne. What you just saw was my dedication to put my people and my mission first, even if it means not relieving myself as long as the duty demands! I expect you all to put your comforts behind and join us in the fight to oppose the ZAFT forces! Long Live the Orb Union!” Her words electrified the entire Orb Union and they stood united against the Zaft forces in the long battle that ensued.

- - - The End - - -

*106*2023-12-26 02:17

{{8 hours ago, JasperOverflow said:

Great stuff ❤️

}}

Thank you so much 😊

*109*2023-12-27 18:38

{{5 hours ago, Frooger said:

Another fantastic story Rex🤩

Merry Christmas

}}

Merry Christmas to you too Frooger. You are always there to encourage me 🎉😊🎁

*110*2024-01-01 11:44

{{On 12/26/2023 at 9:45 PM, Tacky3663 said:

Just sent you a FR on Discord if you wanna respond

}}

HI buddy! I just texted you on Discord. Missed your comment earlier.

*112*2024-01-09 14:50

{{2 hours ago, eucoloco said:

Looking forward to Rex and Sobhita next part

}}

It will take some time. But I am working on a really interesting project right now. It should hit the shelves in a week or two :-) Stay tuned

*114*2024-01-10 15:25

{{On 1/9/2024 at 8:27 PM, Roronoa Zoro said:

Even if it takes longer than a week or 2 I still will be interested to read it.

}}

As a writer, this makes me jump with joy! :-)

*115*2024-02-03 18:39

Hi Omo Lovers! I am back with a bang with a project that I am absolutely thrilled to work on. If you like long, intense, voluminous holds with absolutely nail-biting, prolonged female pee desperation, meet our heroine - Yoline and her lover Darius.

Meet Yoline:

*117*2024-02-03 18:45

Yoline vs Darius - Part 1/2

Chapter 1 - The Beginning

‘Yoline Chiara’, the name tag on the table shined in bright afternoon. And just like it her forehead glistened with the beads of sweat. She rocked back and forth in her chair, clutching the hem of her maroon pencil skirt. She flicked her golden-orange strand of her hair behind her ear and pretended to listen to the online meeting. From the other side of the camera people couldn’t guess what was the 35-year-old up to. Truth be told, she hated long meetings, especially in the second half of the day. Thankfully, she had her own cabin with a serene view of the sea. Perks of being the owner, of a popular local magazine. She was furiously tapping her foot now, awaiting the clock to strike 4. The fabric of her dress stretched tightly over the humble bulge on her bladder. A drop or two of sweat dripped from her forehead on to the keyboard.

Yoline cast a glance at the empty jug of water and the coffee mug, in front of her. Her bladder throbbed relentlessly. The first few drops escaped the clutches of her trembling labia and formed a spot on her tight undies. She hurriedly turned the laptop camera off, and tried to shove her hand in her crotch, nearly breaking her perfectly polished nails. The thick fabric of her skirt wouldn’t budge. “I need to stop this stupidity of extra liquid from now on.” She cursed herself and rose from her seat. There were just 7 minutes left for the meeting to end. The office-girl entered her cabin and refilled the 2-litre jug. The gurgling sound dropped like a hammer on Yoline’s bladder. Once the office girl left, she sprang up from her seat and leaned on the table. Her legs tightly glued to each other. A tingle went down her body as her aching pussy quivered for attention.

“I NEED CUM SO FUCKING BAD! ALL THIS PRESSURE IS MAKING ME CRAZY” She screamed in her mind.

As the clock struck 4, she slammed the lid of the laptop and tried to run towards the door. Her tight pointy formal shoes did not exactly help her cause. “Just across the floor, and then you can have your glory Yoline.” She tried to pep herself up. After steadying herself, Yoline pulled the heavy glass door. Her pussy quivered; her toes curled as another drop escaped into her already damp undies. Little did she know that she was about to meet the man of her life. She bumped into a man right outside the door.

“Howww may I helpppp you?” Her words were strained, fists closed, and calves tensed.

“Are you alright Ma’am?” a manly voice reverberated. When she looked up, her body shuddered with arousal. There stood a man, dressed sharply, his chiselled jawline met a sun-bronzed neck, the hint of a stubble added a touch of rugged charm to his handsomeness. He was at least half a foot taller than her, and shoulders on which she could perhaps sit and a physique that could give Jack Reacher a run for his money. He was the manliest man she ever met.

“Oh dear” the freckled beauty felt herself getting wet but this time not with pee. Before she could even utter something proper, her bladder sent a huge wave. “I.. I have to attend something reeeealy important right now... Do you mind waiiiii-tinnngggg?” She half-sang, half-curtseyed and rushed to the bathroom. She didn’t dare raise her head, walking with one hand covering her face. Once inside the bathroom, all hell broke loose. Another spurt jetted out and another, as she tried to open the door of the cubicles. But all were occupied. She squatted down in despair, grunting and breathing shallow. Her muscles seemed to be on fire. She had overestimated her capacity and an accident seemed imminent. The world around her shrank down to that little, stressed pee hole of hers somehow still withholding her pent-up pee.

After an eternally long minute, a door opened. “Ma’am are you ok? What’s happening, Yoline?” A girl was shaking Yoline, who was still squatted in front of the cubicle. It took her a few more spurts to get back into senses, “Pee – pee, I need to p-pee!” She inadvertently blurted out. The girl understood her situation and helped her to get to a cubicle. Once inside Yoline was rapidly panting, her legs bouncing and twisting frivolously.

She yanked down the zip of her skirt with such brute force that her manicured nails chipped off. Her clenched butt draped under the semi-transparent undies hovered and gushed over the WC. Her bladder didn’t give her a chance to even sit – it simply tore through her sphincter. She hurriedly tried to pull her undies down, but they won’t budge. “Fuck, Fuck, Fuck!” She cursed herself and wrestled with the duct tape tied around her waist to secure the undies tightly to her skin. Her torrent was unrelenting, and she tore open the duct tape nearly ripping her skin.

“Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh”, Yoline groaned with pleasure as her vigorously rubbed her clit, while her hot pee splashed and gurgled through her fingers. Eyes half open and drool dripping from her lips. The sound of her pissing shocked the ladies outside. They hushed and giggled as the outpour continued. A steady stream of pee gurgled into the WC, splashing her butt. Her heartbeat gradually returned to normalcy. After a 50 second performance she stood up with a bitter mood. She yanked wet damp undies up and wiggled back in her maroon skirt. She glared herself at the mirror while washing her hands. “You pathetic loser!” She kept murmuring to herself and furiously unlocked her mobile app. A timer was running on it. She clicked on it and her screen flashed with a number “9H 15M”. She begrudgingly returned to her cabin.

Once the door was shut, she couldn’t hold herself back. “WHY CAN’T I HOLD MY PEE FOR EVEN 10 HOURS! FUCKING IDIOT!” She screamed at herself and turned around. A chill went down her spine. Darius stood there looking at her in disbelief. “Fuck! I forgot” She whispered. Her face reddened and throat dried.

“Looks like you forgot I was here Yoline.” Darius broke the awkward silence. His manly voice sending her in a fit of orgasms.

“I. . .I can do whatever I want in my cabin. Keep this to yourself or else I will get you thrown out.” Yoline came back with a shaky distracted voice. “Is he having a boner?”, she couldn’t believe it. For the first time in her life, a guy had a raging boner by her mention of pee.

“Relax. I am your new ‘PERSONAL’ assistant, Darius. Remember?” Making air quotes in his hand. “Besides I would actually be disappointed if you wouldn’t try to hold it. I like my bosses - strong” She gulped down her throat. This hunk of a man was her personal assistant and someone who encouraged her to hold it on their very first meet. “Oh yeah! Yeah of course. I am strong. I will make sure to live up to your expectations” She sheepishly smiled as she felt her undies squelching with her juices.

Chapter 2 - Yoline’s Birthday

Yoline’s libido was taking decisions on her behalf now. Right from the next day she arranged a small table inside her lavish cabin for him and a brand-new laptop. He gladly accepted it. And as his first action, he acquired access to her calendar.

“Hmmm… What are these yellow and blue dots on the calendar?” He asked Yoline as he synced it to his phone.

“They are nothing, just ignore them.” Yoline’s face was red as a tomato.

As days progressed, he observed a few peculiarities of Yoline. Every morning around 9 a new yellow dot would appear on the calendar. Throughout the morning, she would sip water from her calibrated jug and enter something in her phone. Right after that a blue dot would appear on the calendar again and more soul or follow with each glass of water. The more the number of blue dots on her calendar, the more flustered she would get. He heard her faint moans as she worked, her hands always below the table. By the lunch time she would be very restless and fidgety. After lunch, she always had her hands under the desk after lunch time. The cabin would fill with the creaking sound of her chair rocking back and forth. The office-girl would come and re-fill her jug and soon more blue dots appeared on the calendar.

As she got more frantic – she would sit, pace around, and again sit down. The creaking sound increasing every minute. Her responses would be mono-syllabic and forehead glistening with sweat. Between 3 to 4pm everyday she would dart out of the room faster than an Olympian. Upon returning she keyed something in her phone, which created another yellow door on the calendar. Every time he asked her where she would rush to every afternoon, he got only dodgy answers from her. “Getting a coffee”, “I got a phone call”, “The delivery guy is here”.

Deep down he knew what she was up to. His manhood would immediately throb non-stop merely looking at her bulge underneath her formals. This game of yellows and blues continued even after the office hours. Unlike Yoline he only touched himself once he was at home. There were sparks flying between them. A bit of flirting here and there, a bit of touching, a bit of hugging. Her clothes got tighter, neckline plunged and push up bras became a norm. He started wearing her favourite cologne and bought her flowers each day. All they needed was a trigger.

One night Darius saw a yellow dot pop up on his phone. A cunning idea struck his mind. He suddenly dialled Yoline on the pretext of some office work. As he guessed, he heard the sound of the flush going on faintly in the background. Darius’s suspicion for confirmed that Yoline had a strict schedule for hydration and bathroom breaks. That night he beat his manhood so much that he smelt of cum long after he was done. On the other hand, Yoline felt so naughty hearing his voice during such a private moment, that she drained all her vibratory.

“I WANT HER”, Darius determined himself. He devised a plan which started a day prior to her birthday.

He deliberately picked her up early in the morning, before the first yellow dot appeared on the calendar. He caught Yoline off-guard and didn’t let her take her urgently needed morning pee. Right after they got to the office, he executed the next step, a long overdue townhall with employees in the first half followed by a critically important meeting in the afternoon – a meeting that would decide the future of Yoline’s magazine house. He didn’t let her step aside even for a second. Even lunch was served right on her table. Throughout the afternoon, he kept her on her toes.. “It’s going to be a blue dot day Yoline”, he smirked to himself as the office-girl kept her coffee mugs always filled to the brim. Around 4, when Yoline was crossing and re-crossing her legs frantically. As soon as someone suggested taking a break, she stood up. “DAMN! I need to act fast.” She thought to herself.

Darius however held her hand firmly. “Yoline, you gotta pee? We still need to finalize the concluding slides.”

His firm grip and commanding tone made her surrender, “N-no of course not! I can hold it” She clenched herself as hard as could. Each time her bladder spasmed she felt her juices leaking into her undies. The fabric was sticky and cold. Every time she crossed and un-crossed her legs, the moistness rubbed against her labia. She felt butterflies in her stomach. “The pressure feels so good. I just want to cum on it – pleassseeee!” Her inner voice was begging to her own self. She could barely form sentences and embarrassingly faltered while delivering a long ass presentation. Had it not been for Darius they would have lost the contract. By 6 in the evening, the meeting came to a successful closure, and they won the contract. As soon as the investors left, Yoline sprang from her seat. Her back arched forward, one hand unbuttoning her pencil skirt and legs trembling. “TIME FOR A PISS-CUM NOW!” Yoline tried to hobble out of the room.

“Where are you going Yoline?” Darius asked, his tone more commanding than inquiring.

“I just needed, I remembered, I f-forgot to my phone at my desk.” Despite all her fatal attraction towards Darius, she couldn’t admit her need to pee and otherwise to him.

“Oh, don’t be silly. It’s right in your pocket.”

Darius held her hand and took her straight to the parking. “C’mon now, we are celebrating today.” Yoline was frantic now. A big spurt escaped into her undies as she got into his car. Her hands flew down to her crotch, brazenly. AAs her fingers rubbed her pussy, a current of desperation and arousal electrified her body. Darius was salivating at that sight. A tent formed in his pants. “Yoline don’t do that. People are looking.” He gently removed her hands and fastened the seat belt. “Ow!” Yoline yelped.

Darius smirked, “Why are you so tense Yoline?”

She bit her lips tightly, “I AM HOLDING A LAKE AND TSUNAMI OF CUM INSIDE!” Only if he could hear her inner screams. All she could manage to say was, ““I … It’s nothing.” She then signaled him to drive. After an hour of crawling in the peak traffic, they reached a pub. “W-why are we here Darius?” Her words were shaky.

“Well, did you really think I wouldn’t know?” Darius pointed towards the neon signs. “Unlimited beer for birthday girls.” She winced at the mere mention of ‘Beer’.

“You seem antsy, Yoline. Any problem?” Darius seemed to challenge her. She didn’t want to upset Darius who was the only person to remember her birthday and also took her. She vigorously nodded her head saying, “N-no. I will be fine.” Insider her mind she was screaming, “I AM BURSTING TO PEE!” Her desperation had reached new heights but her prospect of jacking off was dwindling down.

Once inside, Darius got her to sit on a high stool. She could feel his gaze piercing down her crotch and her tightly clad body. He placed his hand at the small of her back, “It’s her birthday – let the beers flow.” She nervously smiled and grabbed the chilled pint of beer. Her bladder angrily spasmed forcing her to squish her legs together. That however led to a domino effect on her clit. “Ohhhh GOD! I am going to explode.” Her breath was labored, and eyes fluttered. She could blow off steam from her ears. After forcing down a beer, a nasty spasm hit her badly followed by a mini orgasm. She nearly jumped off the stool and tried to rush to the ladies. But Darius wasn’t going easy today.

He pretended not to hear her and pulled her to the dance floor. He began to groove to the music, cunningly aware about Yoline's internal struggles. She, on the other hand, was torn between getting up close with him and making a run for the bathroom. As the rhythm caught pace, Darius spun her around. Yoline was caught off-guard. A few more drops leaked her confinement. “DON’T PEE! DON’T PEE! DON’T PEE!” She tried to distract herself with thoughts of arousal. But the torture continued as he pulled her close and started to rub himself to her back. His manly grip was firm on her waist. Even if she resisted he made her grind, twist, and bend. Her arousal and desperation kept climbing higher. In a foggy state of mind, she downed a few more ‘Darius-insisted-beers’.

Yoline was in bladder crisis mode. She smiled through gritted teeth as she attempted to keep up with her grind with Darius. After her 7th beer, her tortured bladder couldn’t take any more. A huge spurt leaked, forming a tennis ball sized patch on her skirt. Her face turned red with embarrassment as her crotch felt the sudden warm sensation. She cast a glance at the ladies room. The line could go to the moon. She only has a few minutes to act. “D-Darius, I don’t feel good. Can we p-please go home?” Darius pretended not to notice the wet patch on her pencil skirt.

“Are you alright?”, Darius asked, fully knowing that she was not.

“I had too many beers, I just feel nauseous.” She squeaked. Though aroused like never before, she knew her bursting need to pee had far exceeded her greed to cum.

“I understand.. Let’s go to my place, it’s closer,” Darius played his masterstroke. She tried her best to avoid it but every word she spoke weakened her control. Once they reached his place, Darius gave her a tall glass of lemon juice and some light food.

“W-why the lemon juice?” She asked horrified.

“To eliminate the alcohol effects BABE”, he said, suggestively.

Not wanting to offend him Yoline downed all of it. The pressure was getting so unbearable that pulled the waistband of her skirt away from her bulge. As the cool of the lemonade hit her bladder, another spasm hit her. “I can flood his apartment right now.” She thought. “D-Darius, my clothes stink. Do you have anything I can wear?”, she frantically came up with an excuse.

“Of course. Come with me”, He took her to his bedroom and pulled her into his walk-in wardrobe full of soft satin shirts. “You can change here.” He quickly came out before she could say anything. Inside the room she was pulling her hair. Her heart beating in her ears. She yanked down her unforgiving pencil skirt, which had mercilessly flattened her bladder. “Jeez I look pregnant”, she wept as her eyes fell on the mirror reflecting her bruised skin and her distended bladder. Another spurt pushed past iron control landing onto her crumpled clothes.

Her labia were swollen, and a strange pulsation overcame her suddenly. Without a second thought she started rubbing herself vigorously. With a bladder containing nearly a day’s worth of pee, she came in quick session. She was on the floor, with her legs spread apart and her fingers squishing, tapping, circling, and rubbing herself like no tomorrow. It didn’t take her long before her long awaited mega-orgasm of the day started building up. After two painfully long minutes her body finally convulsed to a cataclysmic orgasm. Her eyes rolled back, mouth wide open gasping for hair. Her legs shook violently, and toes curled as her fingers ravaged her wet sticky pussy leaking with pee.

And then BOOM! She exploded. A thick semi-solid slime of her juices oozed out of her throbbing pussy. It leaked out of her tight underwear and started to spread on her legs and then onto the floor. Before she could exhale another one erupted and she groaned with pleasure. It sounded more like a scream outside the door.

“Yoline, are you alright?” Darius called out for her, breaking her trance. She hurriedly sprang out of the wardrobe. Her hand still cupping her leaky pussy. When she spotted the bathroom door, she nearly cried in joy. She waddled towards it, thighs squishing against each other. Her hand was just an inch away from the door know when Darius grabbed her hand,

“That’s the bathroom silly. The bedroom’s through the opposite door.” Darius proceeded and then suddenly stopped, “Wait, I will just put your clothes in the washer first.” A chill went down her spine. “What if he touched the wet patch on her clothes? What if he stepped on my cum? What if they stank?” Yoline panicked and hobbled right behind him. But it was too late. Darius picked up her bunch of clothes stained with her freshly oozed cum and and warmed with pee. He slowly turned to Yoline, “W-wait I can pee..I mean explain.” She was absolutely frantic now. Her legs never still for a moment, body drenched with sweat and bladder pushing down her undies obscenely low.

“Yoline... Your underwear’s wet too. What can you possibly explain? Did you just wet yourself in my home?”

“I... I... Am sorry. It’s coming out. I have.. Haven’t peed since yesterday dinner.”

“Why?”

“Because I.. I didn’t want you to think that I.. I am weak.”

“So, what now?”, Darius slowly removed his shirt and picked her up. She yelped in despair and a strong jet of pee gushed out onto his hands. “Hold it,” he commanded. Her face went blue with the strain of clenching. He brought her out of the room, each step hitting her bladder like a hammer. A cake was kept on the table.

“Darius, you didn’t have to do this?” Yoline grabbed herself tightly as he gently placed her on the couch. The drips were coming out steadily now, like a leaking faucet. “C’mon now.. Cut the cake.” Darius extended his hand. Her eyes welled up. “I want to... But if I take my hands away, I... I might explode.” A huge boner formed in his pants instantly much to her surprise.

“Yoline, you got to decide. What’s more important for you – peeing or this?” He pointed towards his stretched humongous bulge. Yoline’s pupils dilated at the prospect. For the first time since the morning, she was not thinking about taking a pee. She drooled greedily. Darius knew that look. “Pee or FUCK?” Darius slowly unbuttoned his jeans. “FUCK. . .FUCK ME HARD DARIUS!” She couldn’t resist his charm anymore. The next moment he carried the spurting and leaking Yoline to his master bedroom and pinned her down on the bed. The white bedsheets were immediately stained with patches of pee wherever she landed her quivering pussy.

Darius began teasing her. He slowly rubbed and tapped his thick warm fingers on her throbbing squelching pussy still wrapped under the tight wet undies of her. With the other hand he pressed on her bladder, gradually increasing force. Yoline’s body, shining with sweat writhed in front of him. Before she knew Darius was all over her. His fingers tapped, and squeezed and rubbed and tickled her constantly squirting pussy. Her eyes rolled up and fingers clawed into his shoulders and arms as he ravaged her with his tongue. Minutes turned into hours, his face got drenched with her pee and cum, which he deliciously licked. It was 3 in the morning now. “Darius! I want you” She pleaded. Her words could barely reach his ears. But he was ever attentive. He whipped down his pants and briefs, sheathed a condom on his veiny dick, already dripping with pre-cum. She screamed in ecstasy as he thrusted himself into her juicy pussy.

“GODDD! IT IS TEARING ME APART!” Yoline gasped as he filled her with her organ slowly. But Yoline was far too eager. She grabbed his butt and pulled him closer. He got the cue and rammed his manhood all at once. The entire block heard her scream of pleasure as he pounded her. His dick was squeezed tightly inside her warm, clenched organ. “Wow! I feel like there’s a bowling ball inside.” Darius whispered to a whimpering Yoline. The nerve endings inside her were overloading her brain with pleasure and pain at once. He savoured the fullness of her bladder as his tip rubbed and poked her bladder.

On the outside her kept a firm hand on the apex of her bulge. Little did she know he was a machine when it came to fucking. Hardly 2 or 3 thrusts later, her brain froze. Her body was solely under his command and every few thrusts caused a shattering orgasm for her, more intense than the previous. Plop, plop, cum – plop, plop, squirt. Only when his alarm rang Darius realized he had been hammering her all night without a break. He snoozed the alarm and passionately smooched the dazed Yoline.

“Don’t stop please. One more.” She groggily said, still in trance.

“If I thrust you once more, you would die Yoline,” he gently whispered and pulled his veiny dick out of her, making a loud pop out. She gasped for air, back arched and hands grabbing the bedsheet. The cum over his dick could be collected into a bowl. With a smirk and a still unrelenting boner, he helped her clean and bath. When she came out fully awake, her eyes fell on the bedroom. It was destroyed just like her swollen oozing womanhood. Every inch of the bed was wet and smelled of pee – when she pressed it with her hand, pee pooled around her fingers. “I – I am so sorry about this Darius”, she could feel her cheeks burning as he hugged her from behind. His dick squishing against her clenched butt. “Did you like it though?” Yoline slowly turned her head towards him but not quite looking directly into his eyes.

“You tell me, how was it? It was in your wish to get fucked on a full bladder.” Darius whispered in her ears.

“How did you know?” Yoline gasped as he pulled her tighter to fondle her.

“You gave access to your calendar and notes, including the personal ones, Yoline. So, tell me everything. . .”

“Honestly, it was the best sex I ever had in the decade,” She could feel her cheeks burning., “All of my boyfriends grossed out at the idea of me holding my pee while having sex or they would simply stop when I would start leaking.” Yoline turned towards him, “No body really understood but I LOVE HOLDING MY PEE. The rush, the tingle, the waves of pleasure it brings, is just mind-blowing. I have a small bladder and I try to restrict myself to only three pees a day. But once I cross my scheduled time, pleasure turns into panic, and I start leaking.”

“I can help you train if you want. You held for 24 hours last night; I am sure you can smash records.” Darius confidently said.

“Will you train me? I would love to hold more and more. It’s my dream to live on only one pee a day, endure my screaming bladder for the entire time we make love and still not pee.” Yoline smooched Darius. “I will be your trainee. You be my coach. SHOW-NO-MERCY.”

“Consider it done” Darius threw her on the drenched bed again, making love for the entire day.

Chapter 3 - The Training Begins – Break

Next day, when Yoline arrived at the office after her usual 8AM pee, her jaws dropped to the ground. “What have you done to this place?” She looked at Darius with disbelief. He transformed her office overnight - Yoline’s large wooden office desk was replaced by a transparent glass desk. The cabinets were moved away from her too. The opaque glass sheets were torn apart giving the entire office floor a clear view of the inside. When she arrived at the office she was shockingly looked at him.

“Well, you ASKED me to train your bladder. All this is a part of your Rubber-bladder-crash course. We break, build, push, and sustain.” Darius pulled the chair for her, “Here’s what’s going to happen. You will drink as I say and obey my command.” She remembered about the last night and quickly complied to him. “I am always up for a good challenge. I can hold it easily for 8-9 hours. I want you to make it harder than just changing my office.” Excitement gleamed in her eyes.

“Even schoolgirls can hold it for 8 hours. You will beg me for a pee, sooner than you think.”

She lustfully nodded while Darius poured her the first glass of water. Little did she know what was coming for her. As she put the glass to her lips, he already poured the second one. He made sure that she downed even the last drop from both the glasses. She shifted in her seat as the water bloated her belly into her belly. Half hour into the day, the first pangs started tingling in her bladder. “This can’t be good”, she thought to herself. During the first meeting with the department heads came another two cups of tea. He discreetly slid it to her and even before she knew they were making its way into her bladder. While coming out of the meeting room, Darius asked, “By now you must be feeling quite some pressure down there Yoline, isn’t it?” For her it was not just the nagging pressure, but her arousal kicked in too.

Once back in the cabin, he promptly dropped the temperature of the air conditioning by a couple of degrees and took away her blazer. The cool of the AC made her shudder and before she knew she was already fanning her legs. Half an hour later, she slouched on the chair and put her right hand below the desk. “Hands on desk Yoline. Everyone can see you.” She quickly realized her mistake and straightened herself. “Let’s fill you up more.” He called in the office-girl and instructed her to fill the jug. The office girl strutted in and ruthlessly poured water in the jug. Yoline gulped down as she saw the water level rose beyond the 2000ml mark. “All of it needs to be gone by the noon.” She looked at the clock, it was just 11AM. “Are you nervous?” Darius challenged her.

“N-No”, Yoline forced a smile, “Still too easy for me.” But at the back of her mind, she was like, “I AM GOING TO BURST TODAY.” By noon, she had her legs tightly crossed and one hand resting in her lap again. “You know, working with one hand makes you slow.” Darius taunted. She nodded and removed her hand from her lap. Then came the lunch time. Yoline was blowing steam out of her ears. Her legs squishing and squirming tightly.

“How do you feel Yoline?” Darius asked as he led her out to the cafeteria. “G-good. It tingles.” Came a blushed reply from her. Once in the lift they rested against the wall of the lift-car, behind everyone else. “Are you enjoying it?” He asked as he pulled the waistband of her skirt tightly. She gasped for air – her bladder sent pangs down to her pee hole and she felt herself getting wet immediately.

“But I want more. Make it harder for me.” She dared despite knowing that the pressure was eventually going to surpass her arousal.

“I have taken care of that.”

Yoline’s eyes widened in horror as he bought her lunch and juices, “I will drown in all that juice Darius.” He smirked back at her, “someone was saying – make it harder.” Without much resistance she quietly downed the juices. Each sip made its presence felt in the bladder. By 2pm they returned to her cabin. Thanks to the jugful of juice, her pussy was on fire now. He could see her butt clenching under her skin-hugging skirt. Her body arched forward as she waddled closer to her table. But alas, her chair was missing.

“Where’s the fucking chair?” Yoline’s eyes darted around.

“No chair for the rest of the afternoon.”

“Darius, I need the chair?”

“Why?”

“Because I . . I need to,” Her face was beet red, “A girl has her own needs, OKAY? If I don’t feel myself it gets difficult to hold.”

“I am in command Yoline,” Darius slowly landed himself in his chair. “You may now continue your day standing. If you want the chair, impress me?” She nervously nodded and pretended to work. Truth be told, she was trying to find ideas to convince him. “I can’t handle all this pee, without a little play-time. Its throbbing so hard.” Then in a flash of the moment an idea struck her mind, “What if I drink more voluntarily and act strong? May be then he will be impressed and return my chair?”

Yoline turned to Darius, “You know what, I am not desperate enough. I am going to drink more now.” The next moment she finished the remaining half of her jug and kept the empty jug on Darius’s table. “Oooh, look at my bulge now. It is so hard and throbbing - just how you like it. Can I get the chair NOW Darius?” He ogled at her from head to toe. Her slightly dishevelled hair, the sweat on her face and neck, the bands of her bra tightly imprinted against her shirt, her swollen bladder, her clenched fists, her tightly glued legs. “He is so hot! I wonder if he is undressing me with his eyes.” She bit her lips in anticipation.

“Yoline, I ain’t that easy. So, you don’t get a chair till we get home.”

A chill went down her spine. Her stunt failed miserably, and her kidneys pumped her bladder with fury. Within half an hour, her body language changed rapidly from ‘squirmy’ to a full-blown pee-pee dance. She had consumed almost twice the liquid than she normally would and had not felt a relief for the past 10 hours. It was a dangerous territory for her. Work was out of window now and she spent the rest of the day pacing in the room, hands on her waist and legs trembling. Any file that came to her got marked with sweat dripping from her forehead. As the clock ticked 6pm, she expectantly looked at Darius.

Her lips trembled, “Darius, it’s getting bad. Can I please take a pee now? I haven’t gone since the morning. I don’t want to wet myself here in office” The fullness of her bladder had long surpassed her need to cum. The force of pee was hammering the walls of her bladder. She was huffing and puffing. Her shirt clung to her body with sweat. Face red with strain. The extra liter of water had added itself to the copious volume already contained in her bulging midsection. Her bladder was swollen outwardly in a way that it seemed like a separate attachment to her body.

“That’s easy. Don’t pee and you will save some grace.” Darius remained unfazed.

For the rest of the two hours, Yoline just couldn’t work anymore. One moment she hopped from one foot to the other, her movements growing more erratic. The other moment she cradled her bladder bulge in both hands with her legs pressed together. Her right foot then raised slightly off the floor, to plant it to the other side of her left foot and cross her legs tightly. “No crossing your legs. BEHAVE YOURSELF!” She almost shot a spurt, but she somehow managed to stem it. Even one small drop could ruin her light-beige coloured skirt. Taking a few deep breaths, she finally raised her head to meet Darius, “I’M t-trying. Can we please go home now?” She seemed as if she could pop any second, but she continued to bear the gigantic load of pee inside her.

“First tell me how do you feel?” He asked her as they left from office. Her reply was succinct, “It is like a bowling ball in my belly.” Darius smirked and took her to his car and drove off. Once the door thud close, Yoline didn’t wait a second. She yanked her skirt up and shoved her hands down into her sweaty crotch. She craned her neck to check her undies. “They are still d-dry”, she said with a feebly voice. “Can I please pee when we get home?”

“Depends on the next challenge”, Darius said and drove off to her favourite Coffee shop, “If you really want to pee, you are going to go inside, get a take-away latte, take a fake pee in their bathroom like a normal girl, and return to the car – DRY. May be then I will think.” He then dialed her phone and answered the call and kept it in her purse. He kept listening to her as she inched towards her suicide mission. She spent the next few minutes purely on adrenaline. As she placed the order, she was visibly shaking, her legs were absolutely crushing each other. Each word that came out of her mouth, weakened her control.

“C-can I use your b-bathroom please?” She begged to the Barista and the next minute she was in the bathroom. The mere sight of the white porcelain bowls shot her desperation up ten folds. With a face scrunched up she entered a cubicle, closed the lid of the WC and plopped down. She pressed her hands against the wall and crossed her legs with all her might. A buzzing noise filled her ears as she channelized all her energy towards her inflamed pee hole. She spent close to a minute there fighting the tsunamis inside her. But the inevitable finally happened. Despite all her efforts, she failed.

Her willpower was not strong enough to contain the steaming liquid anymore. A jet of pee pushed past her vice like sphincter into her undies. “Nooooooo!” She gasped and shoved her hand under her skirt again. She could practically hear her heartbeat in her throat. She sprang up from the seat at once and darted out, straight towards the parking. The entire café got an eyeful of her tennis ball sized patch at the back of her skirt. She hid her face with one hand and clutched her crotch with another as she waddled towards the car. The seal was broken, and her pressure was at an all-time-high. The spurts just wouldn’t stop.

&&

“It’s time.” Darius said to himself and drove the car towards her. “Hold your breath, un-button your skirt and sit on your heels.” He dropped instructions like a seasoned professional and sped the car faster than a bullet to his home. Throughout the journey Yoline’s head hung low and eyes remained shut tight. 20 minutes later, she felt the car coming to a grinding halt. Darius opened the door for her and almost carried her inside. From the stained seat of the car to his couch there was a trail of pee. He yanked down her skirt and rushed inside while she writhed on the couch, sobbing and drenched with sweat. Pee kept leaking past her fingers. He then emerged from his room with a measuring jug. Her lips trembled at the prospect of finally letting go.

“When did you pee today?”

“I n-need to pee please. Give me that.” Yoline tried to extend her hand.

“I asked when did you pee last?” He commanded.

“7 – 7AM in the morning.” She sobbed. Darius quickly noted it down, “So it’s 9pm now. You drank almost 3 litres today. Good achievement for the first day.” He then asked her to stand up and placed the jar between her milky white thighs. “You are going to pee in this – on my mark – 3 – 2. . .” A huge jet escaped into the jar, splattering onto his fingers. “Hold it.”

“I c-can’t” Tears fell from her eyes.

“YOU-HAVE-TO”, he remained firm, “Now, let’s do it again. If you spurt again you don’t get to pee. Ok? Let’s go – 3 – 2 . . .” He paused. Yoline arched forward and dug his nails on his shoulders, her body shaking violently.

“GODDAMIT JUST LET ME FUCKING PISS!” Yoline screamed.

Darius chuckled, “GO NOW!” Even before he finished saying it, her flood gates opened. A thick stream of pee erupted from her womanhood and gurgled pee into the measuring jug. He was stunned at the sheer velocity at which the pee was rising in the jug. She gasped for breath as her bladder deflated and the pressure gradually subsided. Her gusher however, refused to die down yet and continued to go on. He could feel the jar getting warm as steam emanated from it. He greedily looked at the mark of the jar but there was so much froth that it was impossible to understand how much she actually peed, yet.

The smell of her pee hit his nose, resulting into an even thicker boner. He continued to watch her go and finally the pee rose to such a mark that even his fingers got dipped into it. He bit his lips with excitement. After a minute of peeing her torrent turned into a trickle and then stopped. Her bladder finally emptied after 14 long torturous hours and even without her touching a huge of wave of climax hit her. Her thick cum oozed out of her drenched undies and dropped into the brimming jar. She moaned aloud and then collapsed on the couch.

He gently kept the jar absolutely brimming with 1500ml of clear pee and approached the tired Yoline, still panting on the couch.

“D-Did I do good?” She asked in state of semi-trance.

“I am impressed actually.” He said seductively as he slowly peeled out her soggy underwear and unbuttoned her shirt.

“Can I please get my reward now?”

“You read my mind. . .” Darius wasted no time and started giving her a ‘SERVICE’ that she so desperately craved.

To be continued. . .

*118*2024-02-04 18:36

Guyyyssssss... Is there anything which you didn't like or I should improve?

The original idea was to get the heroine trained to reach extreme levels of desperation and volume bit realistic at the same time. Do you guys have any ideas on how the story should progress further?

*121*2024-02-06 02:01

{{On 2/5/2024 at 12:17 AM, Roronoa Zoro said:

I haven't finished the story yet. But what I've read so far is pretty good. And I don't think anything needs to be Changed

}}

This is such a relief for me. I thought my stories are not being liked any more 🙂

{{13 hours ago, eucoloco said:

Your stories are always so good. Ritz, Elvin, Rex always and now Darius. These guys are inspiration... and so many girls too, from Lexy to Yoline.

}}

Woo hooo! This is awesome. My characters serving as someone's inspiration is perhaps one of the best things as a writer. Thank you so much 😁

*124*2024-02-10 16:16

{{On 2/6/2024 at 10:37 PM, Frooger said:

Great story as always Rex🤩 Can't wait to read more.

Please make her dress in more tight clothes, perhaps jeans?😍

}}

You read my mind... 😉🤤

{{22 hours ago, eucoloco said:

Looking forward for the rest

Bursting to piss rn adds to the kinky wishes

U know how I'd love to check of Darius is proving himself a 'true gentlenan' as well.. mmm to avoid Yoline from having Amy excuse 😉

}}

Isn't that a wonderful idea. I am going to add more about Darius too. It's just that the original patron didn't want to see anything related to male omorashi. Hence...

*126*2024-02-11 06:56

{{13 hours ago, LOLC2k said:

I definitely enjoy your stories, you write very well! I'm not into male desperation, so my views are hit and miss depending on what you're focusing on. But they're always well written!

}}

Thank you so much for your appreciation. Stay tuned - more stories are incoming!

