Rexone Story Commissions - Page 5

Author: Rexone_312

*127*2024-03-17 06:27

Presenting to you the sequel and the finale of Yoline vs Darius Part 2/2.

Just a heads up - it contains some really, really raunchy scenes and unbelievable power pissing, bordering on the lines of unrealistic. But hey, we are in the 'Fiction' section, right? So let's jump in.

Chapter 4 - Build

For the next few weeks, this cycle repeated. An early morning gusher followed by a torturous day long hold and concluding by a volume measurement. Only when they were back from the office, Darius would let Yoline pee in the measuring jug. If she could fill the jug to the brim i.e. 1500ml, he would fuck her brains out. However, if the volume was even a millilitre less, he would starver her off sex.

It had been three days now since she last produced the desired 1500ml and Darius vehemently refused to fuck her. He went as far as banning her to even touch herself, driving her mad. For those three days she was tearing her hair, climbing the wall and what not! It was like there was a vibrator behind her swollen sticky vulva. One day she decided she had enough and drank way more than his instructions. All she wanted was to overflow the jug.

“Exactly as expected,” he smirked to himself and put his next sinister plan in motion. Once they reached, she almost crawled inside. As the routine dictated, he brought out the jug and held it tightly against her swollen pussy. She grabbed his hair tightly with her sweaty palms. The room filled with her loud moans as the flood gates opened. She could feel the insides of her bladder contracting and aching. Her labia quivered as the warmth rubbed against it. Every fibre of her being wanted to just vigorously rub on her clit or just get fucked like a whore. He kept a close eye on his watch. After exactly 30 seconds he commanded, “STOP!”

“Wait WHAT! WHY!” Yoline snapped out of her trance - panic filling in her eyes “JUST STOP!” Darius put his hand and tightly clasped her labia preventing any more pee to come out. The jug read 600 ml. She screamed just as her bladder screamed in agony. After fighting her desperation for 14 long hours she was denied relief mid-stream when the gusher was coming with maximum velocity. She collapsed on him spilling the hot frothing piss all over. Darius however kept her womanhood still clasped, like a vice. Writhing and shaking she violently tried to push his hand away but failed. After couple of minutes when she calmed down, he took her for a shower.

Darius lathered her slender body and rubbed his squished his erect member against her swollen bladder. She was raging with horniness now that her bladder was at a much manageable level. “Yoline, what would you do to get fucked?”

“Anything, ANYTHING!” She greedily grabbed his thick veiny dick drenched in soap.

“That’s what I want!” Pulling her closer, he whispered, “We are going to out of the city tonight.”

“Wait! Why all of a sudden?” She pulled herself back. Brows furrowed with worry.

“You asked me to plan for two weeks of summer holidays, remember?”

When coaxed by him, she simply nodded in a ‘Yes’. Once out of the bath, he gave her some clothes to wear. Taking a deep breath, she stood up and shimmied her wet self into the tank top and the jeans he provided. “Darius this is too tight. It’s two sizes smaller,” She complained as the button on the high waisted skinny jeans remained spread wide apart. “Let me see” he approached her and with one powerful tug he buttoned her up. The pressure in her bladder returned to hit her like a freight train. She winced as the volume trapped inside her bladder sloshed and crashed to find space.

“How do you feel Yoline?” He snarled at her.

“Just a moment ago it was okay, and I am about to burst – AGAIN!” She fought the waves with her life.

“That’s awesome! Your bladder is containing a lot already and yet you are not losing control. You will have a lot of controlling to do tonight”.

As they waddled to the bus stop, Yoline’s suspicion grew. She pestered him to know more, but he turned deaf ears to it. Once they boarded the bus, he revealed his grand plan. “Yoline it’s time we build your bladder. We are going to Holiday city is the perfect chance.” Her eyes popped out in horror. God no! Is he planning to make me hold all night? She screamed in her mind.

“B-But that is 12 hours away from here. I c-can’t hold for that long!”

“Well, Yoline, I am not going to ask the bus to stop for you.” He plainly said as the bus moved.

“Darius please this is not funny. You know how much I have to pee just in a few hours after my full pee. You stopped me mid-stream and it is fucking boiling inside my bladder.” shot a pleading glance at him while pointing towards her flattened belly and tightly clad crotch.

“Your thing appears so swollen under those jeans! That thigh gap, that seam of the denim ruthlessly forming a camel toe. My goodness it’s so tight and juicy.” Darius slightly tapped her pussy. A coin sized spot formed immediately. Yoline dug her hand into her crotch. “Good. Keep fighting Yoline. No bathroom breaks tonight!” She shot him a glare that could melt steel while she muttered under her breath, shifting uncomfortably in her seat.

Two hours into the drive Yoline was completely drenched in sweat. All the pent-up pee was not fully pumped by her kidneys into her bladder. “Darius please h-help! I am going to explode.” He moved her hand away from her crotch. That coin sized spot had grown into the size of a tennis ball. Her body shuddered as she clenched her muscles tighter. “We still have 10 more hours to go Yoline. You can hold it, trust me.” He remained resolute. Another spurt shot into her jeans, growing the patch. “I c-can’t! See. . .” He simply ignored her pleas and drifted to sleep. Poor Yoline was on her own now. Every little leak made her gasp for air and despite her teeth grinding efforts, she kept dripping into her jeans.

After three more hours the bus finally pulled into a roadside diner. Toilet. . .There’s a toilet. Need to pee, need to pee. Yoline hurriedly tried to get up, waking Darius up in the commotion. He grabbed her arm and glared at her. “Darius, I will LITERALLY WET MYSELF!” She begged. Her butt was wet, and the seat had a huge ass-shaped spot. He placed a plastic sheet and a towel underneath. “Sit down and control yourself.” Her face was red and contorted with lines of stress. Yoline slumped back in her seat, weeping as she saw her only chance to relieve fade into darkness. HOLD IT, HOLD IT, HOLD IT. She muttered under her breath.

Another two hours into the journey, things had almost settled down for Yoline. Despite the strong dull ache, she managed to stem the leaks. The wet patch on her jeans too dried up. Perhaps, he was right. I can actually hold it till we reach. Just when she was gaining some confidence, fate decided to throw another curveball her way. A loud bang echoed through the bus. The unmistakable sound of a tire burst filled the coach. “NO NO NO NO NO!” Yoline groaned under breath. Goosebumps appeared all over her body. Once the bus stopped, people started getting down from the bus to relieve themselves. She watched with envy as passengers streamed off the bus, their footsteps quickening with the promise of another relief. She pressed her hand against her aching leaking pussy which somehow sensed that relief is nearby. I COULD LITERALLY PEE MORE THAN ALL OF THEM COMBINED.

"Darius, please," she turned her face away from the window, her voice strained with desperation. "M-Mercy!”

But Darius merely shook his head, a sympathetic smile tugging at the corners of his lips. "You've come this far, Yoline," he said, his tone filled with unwavering determination. "Is it hurting your back? Or is it burning like a UTI?"

“N-None of it.” Yoline bit her lips. “IT JUST FEELS LIKE MY BLADDER IS BEING FILLED THROUGH A TAP.”

“That’s how it should be – utter desperation.” Darius said nonchalant. “Stay here and control, till I return.”

What Darius did next was simply unthinkable. Her eyes widened in disbelief as he returned to the bus with a towering coffee in hand from a nearby vendor. She stared at the drink with a mixture of horror. "Darius, are you serious?" she exclaimed, as she eyed the coffee warily. "My bladder is tearing apart." She pointed towards her waist where a bulge had formed despite her tight jeans. But he remained unmoved as he held out the coffee to her.

“I am making it harder just like you always say." He reminded her, his tone firm, without a hint of sympathy. "I don’t care if there’s a bowling ball under there, control yourself and drink up. If you can’t hold it, there will be no fucking either.”

The fear of not getting his meat was enough to break her. With a trembling hand she brought the coffee to her lips. “I will drink it all. YOU BETTER FUCK ME HALF DEAD when we reach.” She snarled at him. Despite the shearing pain she gulped down the entire thing at one go. A warm jet spurted out. All her efforts to clench and dry her jeans was in vain. She eyed the coffee mug greedily. “Puncture it for me Yoline, will you?” He grinned slyly, watching her as she slowly punctured the bottle with her hair clip. I feel like I am piercing my own bladder, she thought.

For the remainder of the journey, she just curled up on her seat hoping for some miracle. There was not a moment she could be still. Her breaths came in short, shallow gasps as she struggled to clench her sore sphincter. After four more hours Yoline woke up to the jerk of the bus coming to a halt. ‘Holiday City Junction’ she read with her half open eyes. The watch on showed 11 in the morning. 15 hours since her last partial relief. She sharply tugged Darius’s shirt to wake him up. The poor girl couldn’t speak anymore. Her life depended on keeping the lake contained inside her. Her trembling lips, hair clinging to her forehead, sweaty cleavage, the button of her jeans fighting for its life – she was a literal pee bomb. Relief was just across the road, the glorious ladies toilet. She pointed towards it, sobbing.

“Not yet darling! We have better things to do.” Darius took her in his arms and stepped out of the bus. “P-please”, she managed to squeak as he carried her in the opposite direction. “Nope, brunch first.” Another torturous hour and a few glasses of water later, they finally reached their beach front hotel room. She tried to dart towards the bathroom, but he held her hand, again.

“Pee or fuck?” Darius greedily asked. His member was erect like a steel shaft. Her eyes welled up. Her mind was torn between the choice. In a split second she squeaked “F-FUCK ME NOW!” He sprang into action and unbuttoned her devilish jeans with a sharp pull. But that was the undoing. His knuckles squeezed the apex of her ballooned bladder. “Aaahhhhhhh!” Yoline yelped. Her flood gates burst open. A thick clear stream of pee erupted out of her thing, drenching her the crumpled jeans, halfway on her thighs. But Darius was not stopping anytime soon. He threw the Yoline on the bed while she was still spraying piss uncontrollably.

Fortunately for him, all the sexual heat and all the piss made her all juicy and smooth. He swiftly took his giant organ out and slid her in with all his might. Her body convulsed. She nearly blacked out as her strong torrent was forcefully plugged by his throbbing organ. Pain and pleasure unknown to her surged through her body. The entire bed shook, scraping the wooden floor, badgering the wall behind as he hammered her all evening. The half-dead, half-awake Yoline was flooded with dopamine as he quenched her primal needs and that too with a bladder blocked from peeing.

Only when the room service knocked on the door requesting to turn it down, Darius stopped. The commotion stopped and the room filled with the hustling sound of their breath and their loud pacing heart beats. Sweat dripped from his face on hers. Her half open eyes were still rolled up and her bladder was taut as ever, plugged by his swollen shaft. Once he pulled out his cum laden dick out of her, she moaned at the top of her lungs, clawing her fingers on his back. Like a bottle of champagne, a dense stream exploded out of her splashing and gushing his torso, his dick, and thighs. “Fuck! You really had to pee!” He grinned and moved out of her way. The stream hit the curtains on the wall ahead and flew quite a few feet high from the bed. He couldn’t believe his eyes as the perfect line of piss hung mid-air for minutes. After pissing for nearly 3 minutes, Yoline passed out.

Darius began cleaning the room. By the time it was dawn he had exhausted a good few sets of tissues absorbing and wiping the lustful trouble made by her muse.

Chapter 5 – Push & Push

Ever since the holidays began Yoline was constantly on highs. This new regime drove her crazy - one partial pee in the morning and one devastating drain out with relentless fucking in the evening. She didn’t even realize but her morning measurements were consistently between 1900 to 2000ml. One fine evening after their earth-shattering session Yoline cuddled up to Darius. Her body still glazed with sweat, and a concoction of pee and cum.

“I don’t think I have ever thanked you enough Darius. Thank you for helping me to achieve my ultimate dream.”

“What ultimate dream darling?” He pulled her closer, fondling her perky boobs.

“You know having an iron bladder, being able to hold it all day.”

“Woah! All day – are you serious?” He replied with a hint of challenge. “I think you are still miles away from that.”

“Why would you say that?” Yoline seemed offended.

“For starters, if you have really mastered your bladder you will keep denying your needs NO-MATTER-WHAT! You will not turn down drinks or look for a toilet or try and make things easy for you. That’s the definition of an Iron bladder.”

“Ooh sounds intriguing!” She winked at him. Darius grinned and passionately smooched her. She gladly spread her legs for another night long hammering.

The next morning, when Yoline woke up she immediately covered her nose. The room was filled with stench of pee, sweat and cum. Her bladder reminded her of its nagging presence. Normally, Darius would be ready with the measuring jar as soon as she woke up, but today was different. He was still asleep but his comment from last night kept echoing in her ears. It changed her personality opening up a more determined more egoistic side of hers.

Maybe it’s time that I prove him wrong. Maybe I CAN ACTUALLY HOLD IT AS LONG AS I WANT!

She resolved to herself and turned to wake Darius up. When he woke up, he kissed her and proceeded to get the jug. But much to his surprise, she grabbed his arm. “I have decided – I don’t want to pee today!” Confidence abounded in her voice. Her pussy wet with arousal. “Is it my birthday today?” He grabbed her. What followed was another bed breaking round of sex.

Around noon, Yoline begged him to stop. “If I cum one more time, I am going to pass out Darius. Please stop.” He gladly obliged and proposed to take her for lunch. Before she knew they were headed to the beach, and he couldn’t stop ogling. Her orange hair bouncing and playing with the wind. Her milky white legs shimmering in the morning sun. Her body language though normal screamed of discomfort – stiff and measured. She was holding her mobile and a 2-litre water bottle in one hand and the other hand remained on her belly. With measured steps she led the way to a nearby beach restaurant and took a sun lounger. “Did you buy this swimsuit from the toddler’s section – its squeezing the life out of me.” She said half annoyed, half aroused. “And why black of all the colours? I am boiling inside.” Darius smirked and continued to ogle at her, starting from her sweaty pushed up cleavage, all the way to her tightly clad bladder bulge and her swollen camel toe.

“Would you like to order something?” A bikini clad waitress arrived. She broke him out of his lustful trance. Yoline grunted at that sudden interruption as her bladder made its presence felt again. It was taking absolute concentration to keep up with the façade and only her reward kept her going on - his thick massive organ squeezed inside his little trunks. Unfortunately for her, one of the reasons he chose this beach restaurant was their unlimited fishbowl sized juice combos. When their order arrived Yoline’s eyes fell on the gigantic glass of juice. “You can contain that right?” he teased her. A chill went down her spine, but Yoline kept her calm. “Easy-peasy” she chuckled and started gorging through the brunch. Before he could understand, she gulped down the entire juice was gone. She even called the waitress to refill the drinks.

“I am just going to chug this thing. . . Bottoms up!” She knowingly stared at him and lifted the giant glass to her lips with both hands. An hour later, brunch was finished and so were their juices. “I would like to get one more refill.” She asked the waitress again, who was too stunned at her request. “Ma’am, are you sure?” she bent over and whispered to Yoline, “There are no restrooms on the beach.” Yoline however was absolutely relishing her newfound self-confidence. 

“Oh sweety! I will just cork myself up. I haven’t gone since last night anyways.” The speechless waitress returned with another giant juice which she chugged down in no time. Darius couldn’t believe his eyes. Cracks were appearing in her demeanor though as she tried to relax on the lounger. She was drenched in sweat and her legs were all tensed up. She didn’t shove her hands in her crotch yet but it the added triple dose of liquid was catching up with her, fast. “I am getting bored, let’s go for that dolphin ride.” Yoline proposed “Are you sure that is a good idea?.” He pointed towards her glistening camel-toe “No, no, no - it’s not pee. I won’t leak in just 15 hours – trust me.”

Her body language spoke otherwise. When she rose from her seat into a standing position, her face contorted with discomfort. Her swimsuit somehow got even tighter around her midsection. But there was not an ‘Oof’ from her mouth. Soon, they were on a speed boat heaving away from the shore. The speed of the boat caused them to crash on the waves, each one acting like a hammer on her tired bladder. I CAN HOLD IT! I CAN HOLD IT! She kept talking to herself, fighting her inner bladder demons. With one hand she held the railings of the boat and the other hand tightly clawing her thighs. She was so engrossed in her battle that she couldn’t spare a moment to see any dolphins. After two excruciating hours, they were back on the shore. “How are you hanging in?” Darius asked.

“Never been so relaxed” She lied through her teeth. Her legs were glued together as she sat down to catch a breather.

Had it not been for her volcano like arousal she would have wet herself hours ago. She forced herself to walk normally, albeit slowly. For the remainder of the afternoon, they lazed around on the beach while she kept sipping her 2-litre water bottle and some more lemonade to beat the heat.

As the sun dropped to the horizon, Darius decided that they were going to the movies. Yoline fully new he was trying to get her more desperate but that strengthened her willpower. She agreed at once and soon they arrived at the theatre at 7 pm. 21 hours since her last relief. Yoline’s calm was breaking. People around looked at her as she visibly shuddered. Her legs bobbed uncontrollably.

Darius, however, feasted his eyes on her wiggling butt and her predicament. Right before the movie, she insisted to get something to drink and went to the counter, tightly grabbed the edges. “I – I want the l-largest drink available.” The attendant watched Yoline in amusement as she passed on the giant fruit soda to her. “Are you sure you are not overdoing it?” Darius pointed briefly to her ballooned abdomen. It was the same jeans she wore to the holiday city and this time the uppermost button just came off flying. “Girls can hold it Darius! ALWAYS” Her resolution turned his manhood into a rod of steel.

From the moment they sat, Yoline had her legs glued together. Her face etched with lines of stress, lips pursed and body rocking back and forth. But despite all the pain, she kept watching the movie or at least she pretended to. Parallelly, she kept sipping the soda like clockwork. Halfway through the movie Yoline emptied the soda. “C-Can you get me another one please?” Darius looked at her with concern, but his boner told him otherwise. He brought her a combo pack, “I don’t want to miss anything, so I brought two big ones.”

She smiled with trembling lips and started sipping the 2nd one. From that point onwards, she kept changing her seating position every now and then. By the time she was done with the 2nd one, she was breathing through her mouth, rocking back and forth. The girl sitting next to Yoline yelled in annoyance, “Why don’t you just go to the bathroom? You are just so loud!” Darius watched in anticipation. “I am so sorry to disturb you. I don’t need to pee, it’s just stomach cramps.” The next moment Yoline just sucked it up and sat motionless. Needless to say, she grabbed the arm rests tightly and locked her legs into a pretzel. “Yoline, I think you should skip the third soda,” Darius chipped in. “Oh no! I forgot about it.” She just ignored his warning and did the exact opposite. When the movie ended at 10 pm, she slammed the third soda cup down, smiling at his growing and squirming dick, under his jeans.

“Yoline, it’s been 24 hours. I am impressed.” He salivated at the sight of her grotesque bulge. The zip of her jeans came undone exposing her tight white undies. Suddenly he hugged her, tightly pressing the tent inside his jeans against her basketball sized bladder. When the hug ended her face was blue with the efforts. With laboured breath she said, “Darius, this is n-nothing. I will h-hold even longer.”

“I know you will! It’s so sexy! Do you want to go back to the hotel though?” he asked. She on the other hand was riding a wave of pride and thoughts consumed by her primal desire to get fucked. “No. Let’s go to the club. I want to get fuller.” She announced to Darius, even though her teeth were floating with piss.

At the club, Yoline chose to sit in a secluded corner. When she landed her ass on the plush couch, she sank into it, raising her knees. Her bladder further compressed shooting a sharp wave down her pee hole. But there was more to come. The DJ started playing some snazzy hits and the speakers right behind their seat started dropping bass beats, non-stop. Each beat sent ripples in her bladder, like a tsunami. Her sphincter muscles were fighting this ungodly pressure like the last few nuts of a boiler plate.

She feigned a smile on her face and breathed only when needed. She was fighting the spasms on sheer willpower. Once the drinks started arriving, she started chugging. After 3 cans, a nasty spasm hit her. Even her butthole hurt like crazy. She stopped, abruptly dropping the can on the table as a devastating jet tried to escape into her undies. Darius watched the poor girl fight with all her power. Hidden from his view, her control was slipping. One hand of hers was permanently inside her jeans, fondling and rubbing her clit vigorously. Juices were oozing out of her pussy, and it was a sticky slimy affair inside her undies.

Hold it Yoline. You cannot wet yourself! She muttered under her breath.

Darius however heard her self-talk. “Can’t you clench a little harder? Or is it getting that that bad?”

“Believe me, I am c-completely fine.” She lied once again. Her pride and arousal fogged her mind.

Rivulets of sweat ran from her forehead to her heaving cleavage as she continued to drink. One hand under the table and the other for drinking the beer. A while later there was an announcement that the club was about to close. It was 4 in the morning after all. “Yoline, there’s still two cans of beer left. Don’t waste it please.” He commanded. She hurriedly grabbed the cans and gulped them down. GOD! I AM BURSTING! IT’S JUST TOO MUCH NOW! I’VE BEEN CONTROLLING MYSELF FOR OVER 30 HOURS WITHOUT A SINGLE PEE. She pushed her jeans further lower to accommodate the additional liquid. “I feel light-headed. Can we go back please?” She fidgeted like a mad woman and the low seat of the couch made it worse.

Crossing-uncrossing her legs, sitting on her heels, scratching her calves – she tried everything to keep herself under corked up. As they got up from the seat, the movement sent a shockwave to her sloshing bladder. It revolted furiously and tried to push a jet almost escaped her control. She squeezed her muscled with all her might and tripped on the floor. Her eyes were welling up and she again shoved her hands inside her jeans. “The last two cans are breaking you, isn’t it?” Darius teased her. “N-No, my legs are cramped after sitting for so long.” Yoline vehemently denied her needs once again. He was salivating, his manhood could be mistaken for a steel rod. He couldn’t wait to pin her down and have the best sex of his life.

After half an hour taxi ride they reached the hotel. It was 5 in the morning now. 31 hours without a single pee break. As soon as they got inside, Yoline crashed on the bed and hastily pulled herself out of her skintight jeans. She was drenched in sweat, writhing in pain. She curled up on the bed and shoved her hand in her crotch, rubbing and clutching at her humongous bulge. Every drop of liquid she consumed since the evening before the previous day was now pumped in her bladder. Her skin was stretched, and the bulge jutted out at least 3 inches from her petite body. Darius slowly approached her and made her sit and forcibly parted her legs.

She looked as if she was possessed – red eyes, body smelling of sweat, her thighs and crotch full of scratches. Her knuckles were white as they clutched her pee hole shut. Darius slowly kneeled in front of us and places his hand on the apex of her bladder, “Woah! It is warm, hot almost?” As he continued to feel it, drool fell from his lips onto her thighs. “Will you be able to take it if I squeeze it?” She forced a smile. The next moment Darius squeezed her organ with all his might. She screamed in pain and finally a few drops leaked into her cum stained undies. “Should I stop?” He grinned. “N-No. Keep going.” He played with her bowling ball like bladder for some more time, while she wriggled in pain, throwing her legs in every direction possible. Her façade was long abandoned by her.

And before she knew they were both naked. Her world had shrunk down to her throbbing pee hole. HOLD IT BITCH. JUST HOLD IT. She kept cussing herself as Darius slowly proceeded to give her a nice juicy oral. “Yes Yoline, hold it if you can.” The moment her tongue touched her labia she gasped for air and grabbed his hair tightly. Her sphincter was getting torn apart. After 33 hours of holding in a swimming pool her brain was shooting signals to relax to her systems to just explode the climax. On the outside, she was nearly in a fit of pleasure and pain. It was not long before which he pulled her closer and squeezed her bladder with his hands and dug his entire mouth, sucking and slurping her throbbing womanhood.

Her body was drenched in sweat. Veins on her legs, her neck and forehead stiffened with the ongoing battle of holding and climaxing. A few drops started pushing its way out mixed with cum. She was losing the fight. Every fibre of her being wanted to cum and pee at the same time. “D-Darius” she squeaked, “P-please have mercy I...I don’t want to pee in your mouth.” She finally admitted. Little did she know the amount of cum and pee she had already spread on the bed. Darius, however, took the cue and proceed to whip his thing out. Her eyes widened in shock looking at the way it shined with pre-cum and veins all over, “How is – is it bigger today?”

“You find out.” Darius cunningly smiled and thrusted into her with all his might.

“OOHHHHHHHHH!” Yoline’s moaned aloud in pleasure. The gargantuan size of her bladder not only protruded externally but also internally. “You’re so solid even on the inside.” Darius grunted as he felt her bladder blocking him from going further in. He pushed her legs into air, maximizing the penetration. Yoline screamed even louder this time and finally surrendered. Her bladder had no more room. It was squeezed to an inch of its life. His dick pounded it like a piston and his weight squished it like a hydraulic press. Her sphincter could not bear the pressure anymore. It just ruptured open. The sensation of relief surged like electricity throughout her body. Her brain opened up the valves of all the feel-good hormones pushing her to an immediate ecstasy of highs. Her womanhood started firing orgasms as if blowing soap bubbles.

She was in orgasmic overdrive. Like a tap of cum burst open just like her bladder. Just into his second thrust, he started feeling the hot liquid gushing in her insides. He ramped up the thrustin. Thanks to the log like girth of his dick not a drop could escape unless a gap opened. And when it opened, her boiling piss and frothing cum sprayed out like a jet. The white bed turned translucent in just a few minutes. Her nails bled into his arms, his back, and his neck. Dawn turned into morning and then into noon. Her bladder plugged by his dick was still screaming for a relief, barring the few sprays here and there. They fucking continued, just like animals. His biggest fantasy was finally fulfilled and so was hers. They were complete together. Their bodies exhausted but their desires not. Their bed shook so much that one of the legs broke, making a loud bang. All the incessant sinful orgasms gripped her senses to make her scream louder and louder.

The hotel finally called up the emergency services to get them to stop. Even when the door broke open the duo tried to signal them to stop but the officers pulled them apart. And then the unthinkable happened, they both burst open. Streams of thick white liquid gushed out of her pussy, thicker and more ferocious than ever. Anything that came in front of Yoline’s pussy was pushed, drenched, or destroyed. The floor, the officers, the curtains, the table, the couch next to it, the carpet – nothing was spared.

She shrieked aloud as the hot piss was finally free from all the pounding and the tiny confinement. The hissing sound could be heard throughout the corridor along with her screams. 4 and a half minutes later, her stream just stopped abruptly instead of trickling down. Her bladder forced everything out like a compressed canister. Finally empty after 38 hours and countless drinks. “I thought she was pregnant when we came here but all of that was her pee? SHE IS FUCKING FLAT NOW” The lead officer was stunned.

Soon they were thrown out of the hotel by the wet officers. Darius was carrying Yoline in his arms, who was still high and foggy. They left behind a room wrecked with cum and piss all over, a few wet officers, and bank balance lesser by 10,000$ fine. As he carried her to the bus stop, she giggled,

“That was the best sex ever Darius.” He smiled at her nodding in agreement but she kept on blabbering, “but now I want to train your bladder.”

“That’s the best part Yoline, I only use my dick for sex.”

“What does that even mean?” Yoline asked still reeling with the high of her earth-shattering piss and orgasm.

“Keep guessing”, he smiled as they boarded the bus.

Their lives changed forever from that day onwards. A normal piss was not in their dictionary anymore.

- - - The End - - -

