Young Actress desperate on set

Author: Red Simpson

*000*2019-02-27 23:24

Twenty One year old Molly Smith was on her way to a movie lot where she was to be the main character in a new movie, this would be her first movie as the main protagonist and so was very nervous as she drove even going as far as to drink two cups of coffee and three glasses of water as well as keep a bottle of water with her in the car, this would obviously affect her bladder later on in the day. She was wearing a open buttoned red checked shirt with a white t shirt under that, a pair of light denim skinny jeans with a pair of a navy blue briefs and a pair of black convers shoes with black ankle socks.

She arrived at the lot parked up then went to go find the director, after 15 minutes of going from studio to studio she eventually found the director who was standing next to some sort of photographer.

"Ah Molly good to see you." he said.

"Likewise Mr Brandon." she shook his hand as she started to notice her bladder which was getting quite full.

"Please call me Peter, I'd like to introduce you to the photographer Miss Lin Davis." the woman in her late twenties shook Molly's hand and smiled, she looked very professional well for a photographer wearing a white t shirt with a navy blue jacket and matching pants with a pair of black flats.

"Now we only have her for an hour so do everything she says please." Peter said before walking away, Lin gestured Molly into the next room which was all ready for a photo shoot.

"Now to start with we'll get some pictures of you in what you're wearing then some picture of you in the nude....is that ok with you." Molly nodded she'd been in some scenes in TV and movies where she was naked, only she didn't have to pee so badly.

"Great..." Lin said "Now please stand in the space and strike a pose."

The first load of shoots went well Molly was able to hold her pee with relative ease but now she had to do it naked which worried her as she feared without her pants her bladder would just release it's contents thinking she was on the toilet.

"Um...May I use the...." Before Molly could ask she was shoved by Lin who only had 10 minutes as her schedule got cut short.

"I see you have to pee but just wait." she said. "Now please give a sexy pose." Molly crossed her legs and used her left arm to cover her left breast leaving the right one exposed and her right arm hanging by her side.

"Good....now just stand normally." Molly exposed her the rest of her womanhood and could feel her bladder threatening to explode and as picture were taken she leaked a little which was now running down her legs and splashing on her feet.

"Lets try that again." Lin said Molly's bladder was throbbing violently but somehow kept it in.

"We're done so sorry to have kept you in your....state." Lin said. Molly couldn't say anything other than. "Where....bathroom?" Lin didn't know but it wouldn't matter anyway.

As Molly was about to get her top on she lost control of her bladder, her pee explodes into the fabric of her jeans and underwear running down her right leg and then making a puddle on the floor, she smiled unable to fight it and just relaxed.

As she finished emptying her bladder she went very red.

"Oh my god I'm so sorry, I....I tried to hold it but I was just so nervous and so drank a lot...."

"It's ok Molly, go home get cleaned up I'll explain what happened to Peter."

(Hey everyone who read this, this is my first fiction so I hope you all enjoyed. please leave a comment about what you liked about this and what could be improved for next time.)

*002*2019-02-27 23:28

Thanks.

