A fiction based off of an experience I had with a girl in school. - Page 2

Author: RagingPython

*026*2019-03-11 17:44

So, I’m doing some writing durin ghe day, rather unusually. I got back from college about 2 hours ago, I had 2 mock exams; I forgot how much fun they are, and I’ve spent most of the time since I got home doing some restoration work on one of my 1970’s Radio Alarm Clocks. (this one actually features in my other story, as the one which woke me up 4 minutes late.) It’s not been in the best of condition since I liberated it from a pile of crap in my sister’s (previously mine, and before that a guest room.) room a few years ago, which is where it had sat since the late 1990’s when my mum and dad brought our house. I’ve never done much to repair it, just left it on a shelf, so I decided to put some proper time into cleaning it up and eventually preserving it for the future. People call me mad for doing stuff like this, but in the future this stuff is gonna be worthy of a spot in a museum, and they’ll understand then. Anyway, onto the story:

Chapter 7:

Thinking back to it, this plan of mine wasn’t the best, but I overlooked a big issue back then. My plan would be fine for just me, but I couldn’t just leave Maya to wet herself. Of course, most people I’d just leave behind, but I’d bonded with Maya a bit during this past 40~ minutes and I felt like we were friends now and I couldn’t leave my friend behind. Now, before I explain the plan I need to establish some context. My school had a whole section dedicated to the autistic people, and I was one of the only girls up there.

But basically, I was allowed to go up there if I needed too, and unlike most others I rarely left my lessons to go up there, I did use it quite often during my free time between lessons as it was quiet and away from the crowded playground-like area where most people hung out. However, because I was allowed up there one of the things I got to do was leave lessons 10 minutes early and go up there instead. I didn’t do this, most other students with support would, but I didn’t because I felt like I didn’t need too, but I was still allowed too if I wanted to and on occasion (like this) I’d go up there. I’ll call this place “Zone” because that’s analogous to it’s actual name and I don’t want to use it’s actual name in case someone recognises it and someone works out who I really am, as it wouldn’t be the first time that had happened to me.

My plan was that if things got bad, I could always just leave and go and use the toilets up there, especially if I was within the last 10 minutes of the lesson. Maya being with me complicated things a bit, but I decided that if I could get her to come with me I could let her use the toilets up there as normal students are allowed up if they are friends with the autistic students with support, albeit only during break and lunch. I’m sure you can see the major flaw in my plan here; it wasn’t break or lunch, it was lesson 4. However, at the time I didn’t realise this and turned to Maya:

”Maya, are you going to make it like this?”

”I-I don’t th-think s-so... I-I can’t take m-much more of th-this...” replied Maya, looking worried and even more desperate.

”Okay. I have a plan. Follow me, alright?”

“I-I’ll try...” said Maya, and I began to walk towards the Zone. The Zone was in a seperate building to the main school, and we had to head outside to access it. As we stepped out into the shockingly cold British winter weather, possibly even in the negatives as I remember it would go that low fairly often that winter, I felt my own urge increase. The cold really exaggerated the fullness of my bladder and I couldn’t image how desperate Maya must feel out there with me.

Maya reached out her hand towards mine, and realising what she was doing grabbed into it with my own. As we walked on quietly, we weren’t really talking, but Maya continued to make desperate exclamations of discomfort as she squirmed, I realised that my heard was pounding like never before.

Eventually, the two of us reached the building. I walked up the staircase to the second floor, where the Zone actually was, and this was when I realised the flaw in my plan. I didn’t know how I was going to explain to the staff why I was leading a year 7 who was dancing like she needed the bathroom. However, I decided that we’d come this far and we may as well continue. I typed in a code into the door, which was locked and operated by a keypad. Only students allowed up here knew this code, but I was one of them. The door opened automatically, and I took Maya in.

Luckily for me, the Zone was completely empty. This was a rare occurrence, and this time had only happened because all of the staff were busy for whatever reason. Realising how perfect this was, I showed Maya the bathroom. Her face almost lit up with joy, and she put on the biggest smile I’d seen her do yet. But rather than run into the toilet and have a much needed break, she turned to me.

”Y-you... s-should g-go first...” said Maya, looking thankful.

”It’s fine, you go. You are about to explode on the floor, I could go at least another half an hour.”

”A-ahh... o-okay... o-ooh....”

Maya slowly moved towards the bathroom. I watched her legs press together after each step, and the way her body shook constantly. As much as I wanted to go myself, Maya clearly needed it more.

”I-I feel like I-I’m going to b-burst...” moaned Maya.

“It’s just a little further, you can do it.” I said to her.

Maya just barely made it into the bathroom in time, and after less than 10 seconds, which must’ve been barely enough time to pull her skirt and panties down I could hear the sound of her relieving herself. As much as I said I could keep holding, this was nearly too much for me and I started squirming myself. I’d been able to hold on by just fidgeting with crossed legs, but that wasn’t enough anymore. Shortly after, Maya finished and I ran in almost as soon as she was out.

”Thank you, Rosalynne, thank you so much!” said a very happy Maya to me once I had finished myself. She pulled me into a hug almost immediately, and I reciprocated this and put my arms around her, my heart racing.

”It’s okay. I couldn’t just leave you to burst like that.”

”I don’t know now to properly thank you...”

”You don’t need too, you’re completely welcome.”

”Are you sure, Rosalynne? If there’s anything you need, don’t hesitate to ask me, alright?”

”Alright, Maya.”

Me and Maya became friends after this, and spent quite a bit of time together. I remembered this story for the first year or so after it happened, but after a while I forgot some of it. Writing this out has made me remember more of it, but I still don’t remember everything. I’m fine with that though, as I’m sure this is a better story.

End of Chapter 7:

That ending might not be what you hoping for, but that’s basically how things ended. As we were friends, we have had other situations similar to this one, and I might end up posting some of them later. Anyway, that’s the end of this one, so I hope you enjoyed it!

*028*2019-03-12 07:35

{{3 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was fantastic

}}

Thank you!

