The Wet Pants Misconducts

Author: Redboi

*000*2022-11-30 20:01

Hey everyone! Sorry for the inactivity, once again got hammered with stuff at college with midterms and thanksgiving. I hope this makes up for that, I want to try and start this new story, but I’m not sure how far I want to take it. It may or may not sound like a broken record to some, but it’s written with bits and pieces inspired from other works along with my own personal storyline. Also, for any of you who wonder what state this would take place in, it’s intended to take place in Colorado off of the wake of the new psychedelic law in place. Enjoy!

The Wet Pants Misconducts:

Allison’s eyes intently focused on the clock, her legs intensely grinding against each other and the front of her left foot impatiently tapping on the ground. Her breaths were shallow and slow in an attempt to stay calm, but she was anything but. Every second felt like minutes and every minute felt like pure torture.

Allison’s school wasn’t the first high school to implement the new state law in place. With the new law allowing psychedelics use being in effect all of last year, overall drug use in schools shot up, with the number one place being the bathrooms where kids would be doing drugs. As a result, multiple bathroom closings occurred last year and this year on schools all across the state, leaving lawmakers clueless as to how to control this.

The resulting law that came out not only didn’t solve anything, it made it almost impossible for people like Allison to use the bathroom when they needed to. No kid could use the bathroom during class duration and bathroom usage was limited to two times per school day during either lunch or during the 5 minute passing period. Any kids found using any drugs in the bathroom, regardless of medical clearance, would be sanctioned to 3 hours detention and would have no toilet access rights granted to them for the entire week.

As a result, people like Allison had to plan very carefully when they’d go to the bathroom. There were many days where Allison would just barely make it to the bathroom at school or at home, and talking to her friends it seemed like the girls always seemed to struggle more with this issue. This was because guys didn’t have to worry about the rule concerning not being able to use the bathroom during class only because they had more bathrooms closed due to there being more male offenders than female offenders. Only girls had to worry about holding it during class, and Allison wondered when she would finally pop.

Well, today she missed her opportunity to go pee at lunch and only had one more chance to use the bathroom during this passing period. Her last class, English, would be across the school and she’d have to book it over there after using the bathroom, be it whether or not she would make it to the class on time, she just needed to get out of her geometry class the second the bell rang to dismiss her.

The clock hit 1:34, one minute before class was dismissed. People started to pack up their belongings around Allison, and the teacher noticed this. “Since you all seem to not understand how this class works, I’m holding all you back 3 minutes for a lack of respect of my time.” He smiled and went back to writing on the chalkboard.

Allison’s mouth was slack jawed. She’d devised this whole plan to make it to the bathroom, now she’d have to just focus on not being late to her last class. Her bladder screamed in agony at this thought, but her mind tried to reassure herself. She’d just have to hold it.

Walking to class was a major struggle for Allison. Although to everyone who was watching her, it was more like a hobbled skip than an actual speed walk. Her only objective at this moment was to get to her class. As she snuck through the door to her Geometry class, the bell indicated that she just barely made it in time.

As she made her way to her seat, Allison knew she was on her last leg. She had already leaked a couple times on her way to class, and she wouldn’t be able to make it another 50 minutes without relief, less she soak her yoga pants. Weighing her options, it seemed pretty bleak. She was at the end of her line for sure, so the only way she’d be able to avoid peeing herself was asking the teacher if she could go to the bathroom. It was daring for sure, no other girl had ever asked a teacher that all semester, but in such a dire situation Allison had no other options.

She raised her hand. Mrs. Parker seemed like she was trying to intentionally ignore her at first, but finally acknowledged her raised hand, “what is it, Allison?”

”Mrs. Parker, m-may I please go to the bathroom?” Allison felt her face heat up significantly as she somehow hoped for a miracle.

”No, you may not. I don’t get why you’d even ask that question. You know the rules and plus you had ample time to go during the passing period, so you’ll just have to wait.”

Allison felt tears welling up in her eyes, “b-b-but I’m about to pee my pants! Please just let me go to the bathroom! It’s really all about to come out-“

”Allison, it’s your own fault you couldn’t get to the bathroom, now stop arguing and pay attention.”

That was the final straw. With no other incentive to hold, Allison’s bladder involuntarily released its contents.

A loud hissing sound could be heard all around the room as hours of pent of pee flooded the wooden chair that Allison occupied. Once the chair could hold no more liquid, cascades of fluid flowed off both ends and spilled onto the floor. Allison’s emotions were mixed with pure relief and utter humiliation as she felt the laser stares of everyone pointed right at her. As a response, she buried her face on her desk with tears streaming down her eyes and her soft moans slowly escaping from her mouth.

After a minute Allison could feel her control start to come back and managed to stem her flow, only to hear the snickering from the students around her. As for Mrs. Parker, she didn’t seem as amused. “My god Allison, how old are you? We aren’t in kindergarten, are we? Come up here now.”

Allison sat up as more pee fell from the chair and onto the floor. As she made her way towards the front of the class, she heard the sounds of pictures being taken of her obviously wet ass. She saw Mrs. Parker writing down something on a piece of paper, but couldn’t really tell what the paper actually said. Mrs. Parker took a deep breath and turned towards her. “Take this along with your belongings and make your way towards the office. And try not to track your waste everywhere.”

Chuckles arose throughout the classroom as Allison went back to her desk to get her stuff. Once she exited the classroom, she looked at the paper slip she’d received. The words read pretty clearly, “WPM infraction, report to office immediately.” With that, Allison made her way to the office, trying everything she could to avoid people making eye contact with her wet bottom.

Thanks for reading! I want to get one more part in for this today along with continuing some other works when I can, so let’s hope I don’t get hammered with stuff again!

*001*2022-12-01 00:51

Allison had never previously been to the discipline office before. She liked to think she was a model student; her 4.0 gpa and 1500 sat score seemed like worthy credentials.

Apparently being a model student does not entail pissing yourself because they didn’t take to that kindly. It was hard to make any jokes out of the situation but the circumstances she was in made Allison almost want to chuckle. Why don’t they just let us go to the bathroom during class? Honestly though, any competent individual could have seen this coming. Then again, now that these rules are in place it all kind of checks out. Almost like those at the top are-

“Allison Washburn, the discipline officer will be with you soon. For now, I ask you don’t sit down on the seats for… obvious reasons.” This comment caused Allison’s face to go crimson again as she once again realized what brought her here.

Regardless, what’s the worst that can happen to me? 3 hour detention shouldn’t hurt since it’s close to finals. And even if my reputation is ruined, I’ll be out of this hell hole in 6 months anyways, how bad could it possibly be?

”Allison Washburn?” A naggy voice called on from the hallway. The voice then turned into a face. A woman stepped into viewpoint. She locked eyes with Allison’s face but then her view fell down towards her yoga pants. “You must be Allison, right?”

Allison nodded, knowing her face was burning up.

”Alright, my office.”

###

“Please just stand, I don’t have any plastic covers for the chairs.”

Once she got settled, she sighed, as if knowing she’d have to start talking. “Alright, let’s get to it. We already know what happened today. At approximately 2:05 PM MNT, you pis- I mean, wet your pants in Mrs. Parker’s class. This means you are in violation of the new WPM guidelines, which our school district implemented at the same time as our new bathroom regulations.”

She sighed again, “This means we have to implement the new sanctions entailed in the WPM guidelines. This consists of a 3 hour detention and a weekly ban from all school lavatory facilities.”

Wait, what the fuck? How the hell does that make sense? Allison wanted to shout out her mind, but she was at the will of the school.

”As well, under the WPM guidelines, we do offer an alternative solution to prevent obvious distractions for you, your peers, and above all your teachers and faculty. This alternative is to wear a school provided” she then broke off laughing. What a bitch. “A school provided diaper! to prevent any further distra-a-ahahaha!!!” After about 30 seconds, she seemed to compose herself. “T-the final decision is up to you, but the matter is forced after the fourth infraction or second within a 7 day span.”

Allison was left feeling both steamed and mortified. They can’t be serious. I can’t wear a diaper!!! How is this even legal? Then again, if psychedelics are legal I guess anything’s possible. How do they expect me to not piss myself every day if they don’t allow me to literally use the bathroom? This is such bullshit!

”So, before I ask you your preference, what questions do you have for me?”

Allison wanted to explode, “why is it that the way to punish someone who JUST had an accident?”

The woman looked like she was about to explode with laughter again. “Well, it’s your own fault you were careless and couldn’t control yourself. You’re 18 years old, for fucks sake! Oh, sh-, you didn’t-, ah, regardless, there needs to be some form of punishment for a lack of discipline and control, you’re just lucky you’re the first, I’m sure the sanctions are going to get worse. Now, will you wear the diaper or no?”

No shot, bitch! “No! That’s way too embarrassing!”

”More embarrassing then soaking yourself in front of all your friends?” Once again, Allison’s face went red.

”I can hold it! I just couldn’t use the bathroom when I needed it the most!”

The woman smirked, “suit yourself. I’ll see you in detention, and likely tomorrow here as well.”

Allison was distraught, “and my pants?”

The woman gave her a shrug, “it’s just a three hour detention and they’ll dry up, you can deal with it. For now, go grab your remaining belongings and be in the detention room after. Toodles.”

With that, the woman led Allison into the hallway to where her wet pants were on full display for all to see. On top of all of that, Allison felt a familiar twinge down in her bladder. You’ve gotta be kidding me.

*003*2022-12-01 21:40

The detention room was located all the way on the far end of the school. This area almost seemed foreign to Allison. She was never down here, and it seemed like she was just taking a ton of blind turns. I’d ask where the room is, but I don’t want anyone else to see or smell me.

Then she saw it: Room 300C: Detention. Immediately upon approaching the room extreme though, traces of putrid odor entered her nostrils and caused her eyes to water. Those must be from the potheads. When entering, there weren’t many people in the room. There were two guys with stained clothes and vegetable-like stares to them, along with a wide eyed girl who looked like she hadn’t slept in at least six days. People who obviously were in detention for much different reasons.

”Allison Washburn?” The woman at the front of the room called out to her. Allison approached the wide desk. “Your seat is in that second row of chairs, you’ll be able to tell which one.”

Allison turned around and blushed as she realized they had put a plastic covering over her chair. Damn, they really seem to care about the state of their crappy wooden desk chairs.

Once seated, the woman at the front desk wrote down the time on the chalkboard at the front of the room. “Welcome to detention, I don’t need to bother lecturing you on why you are here, I should think you all know by this point.” Yeah, I don’t need a second reminder, thank you. “As some of you probably already know, this is a three hour detention. This means that during this period of time you may work on class work or sleep or whatever. You may not, however, talk or get out of your seat during this time. I will dismiss you once the three hours is up.” It’s not like these rules are going to make a difference, I’m not allowed to use the bathroom anymore. I’m just going to end up pissing uncontrollably in my seat again!

Allison couldn’t help but pity her own situation. There’s no shot in hell I’m not the first one to be in this situation. I have a much bigger bladder than all my friends, and I’m not a careless person at all! My friends are going to give me hell…

…

As Allison tried to sift through her work, she couldn’t help but be distracted by her filling bladder. She couldn’t help but contemplate just letting go in her seat, but it would be undeniable that she had an accident and she’d be forced into diapers.

Hour one slowly turned into hour two and then hour three as Allison devolved from occasional pain to bouncing in her seat. Her mind begged for release, and her already wet yoga pants made the temptation of just letting go even more difficult to combat. However, her mind took over momentarily, casing her to raise her hand high in the air while keeping her free one jammed in her crotch.

The detention lady looked up from her phone, “Allison, you know you aren’t allowed to talk, right? Get back to work.”

Allison would have none of it though, “please, just let me go to the bathroom! I don’t want to pee myself again!”

The plea seemed as ineffective as her previous pleas with Mrs. Parker. “You know you aren’t allowed to do that, Ms. Washburn. As a matter of fact, for your lack of respect of my instructions, you will receive 3 hours of additional detention tomorrow as well. Take it as a warning. Now, get back to working before I make it a whole week.”

Tears once again started to well up in Allison’s eyes. It’s ok, I’ve only got 30 minutes left until I get out of here. I just need to hold it until that and then I can get to a bathroom.

…

“Alright, you guys are dismissed. And remember, for those of you who have detention tomorrow, same time, same place.”

Allison was practically bent over in her seat. Grabbing her stuff, she hopped towards the door. Gotta pee gotta pee! I just need to get to the ba- oh, shit! I can’t use the school bathrooms! I just need to get to my car, then I’ll just drive to a bathroom!”

With one hand pinned in her crotch Allison hobbled towards the exit. Fortune wasn’t quite on her side though when she opened the exit door. A mountain west winter breeze knocked directly into her after a couple steps, causing her bladder to convulse and start emptying. Oh god no no no! I’m peeing myself again! With no will left to stop her flow, Allison sprinted over towards a little secluded grass patch that was now covered in snow. Once there, she squatted to prevent any further pee going down into her shoes and socks as fluid poured out of her and onto the snow below, creating a little yellow puddle while also melting the snow below it.

As her flow stemmed, Alison came back to her senses and a wave of mortification washed over her. I just peed myself again like a little baby! At least this one won’t show since the first one covers it up completely. My parents are going to kill me.

Walking back to her car, the warmth that Allison once felt around her crotch rapidly turned cold and left her feeling even more miserable than she already was. Once getting to her car, a feeling of dread hit Allison again: I’m going to have to come back here again…

Thanks for reading! Next section, I’m planning on introducing the next character I’m planning on using, so stay tuned for more!

*005*2022-12-05 19:55

Hey everyone, before I start this next chapter, I just wanted to let you know that it might take a bit before I’m able to return to this story. Finals week is next week so I’m pretty busy as is so I’m going to allocate my time accordingly during these next two weeks. I may or may not be able to write any more chapters these next two weeks but I guess we’ll just have to wait and see. Anyways, here’s the next chapter, enjoy!

Allison: listen guys, it wasn’t my fault

Madi: this is exactly why you’ll never get laid lmao

Lauren: what 18 year old girl pisses herself in the middle of class Ally? How are you even going to show your face in public tomorrow after all of the snap stories of you?

Madi: at least you’re now famous at our school Ally

Allison: this is a nightmare. I need to sleep this off, maybe this is all just one bad dream

Madi: make sure to not wet the bed tonight!

…

This was the first day ever that Allison didn’t have her water bottle with her at school. Her strategic plan was to not intake water during the day until lunch, at least eliminating the need to pee during the school day, and it seemed to be working. She made it through her first 4 classes without a slight twinge in her bladder and felt no pain coming out of lunch. It almost seemed like she had a chance to make it the entire day.

The day really seemed normal as she entered Mrs. Parker’s class. She got a few glares and a couple of smiles from some students as she entered, but the class went on as usual. That was, until a hand shot up in the middle of class.

Mrs. Parker seemed to roll her eyes before even acknowledging the existence of the suspended hand. “What is it, Ellie?”

A girl named Ellie Livingston was the one who had her hand raised, and by the time that her eyes met Ellie’s body it was abundantly obvious what was happening. “Mrs. Parker, can I please use the bathroom? Mr. Wong wouldn’t let me out of his class until 3 minutes into passing period.”

Mrs. Parker looked both carefree and like she was going to blow a fuse. “Didn’t I literally have the same god d- mmmm, I mean, conversation with Addison yesterday? The answer is no, and don’t ask again.”

That was to be expected, what wasn’t expected however, was the response of retaliation she got back from Ellie. “Fine, then I hope you’ll be alright when I come up and piss myself in front of the whole class.” Holy shit, what!

At that moment, Ellie calmly got out of her seat and made her way to the front of the room. The moment she got to the front of the room, she started speaking again. “For those of you watching this on Snapchat or whatever, just know that this is the result of the school prohibiting me from using the bathroom.” No sooner did she stop talking did streams of pee start shooting from the crotch of her joggers and start trickling down her legs. A big puddle of liquid gathered around the tiled floor as Ellie stood there expressionless, her eyes closed and her breathing still.

As the sound of running water could be audibly heard throughout the room, Allison’s thoughts raced. This girl is crazy! Why is she doing this? At least I’m not the only one anymore, but she seemed pretty adamant about trying to prove something. I just don’t get what.

After around a minute Ellie’s stream finally turned into a trickle as she sat there stone faced. Once her flow stopped she went and grabbed her stuff and made her way up to Mrs. Parker’s desk, where she grabbed the WPM slip from Mrs. Parker without exchanging a single word or eye contact. Once out of the room, things started to finally settle back down.

Only one thing was on Allison’s mind though as the bell went off to signal the end of the school day: I’m literally about to see this girl again. I need to figure out what’s happening with her.

And so Allison set off towards detention, keenly trying to ignore the slight pain forming down below.

Thanks for reading! Once again, I hope to get another chapter in during these next two weeks but don’t be surprised if there isn’t one. Stay tuned though!

