[Commission]: Little Heroine's Room

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2025-12-31 07:48

HI Omo Lovers! Here's another new story for you all on the last day of the year.

The original patron had submitted a story from his old collection and I was bestowed with the task to recreate it in my flavour. I tried doing justice to it. Thus it's going to be a little different than other times.

The focus will be on the last excruciating moments of desperation for a bunch of super heroines. If you like latex, spandex and tight superhero costumes where the heroines cannot take it off, then this story is for you all. Enjoy!

___

Little Heroines' Room

&&

My levitation ring was practically hissing, glowing white-hot against my knuckle as I tore through the clouds. I was flying as fast as I could, desperate to make it back to the Hall of Justice. We’d just wrapped up a chaotic, city-scattering brawl with the Brigade of Terror that lasted for two full days. While the rest of the heroes were busy posing for cameras or rushing off to maintain their boring secret identities, I was rocketing toward the real main event. I knew the place inside out and I loved the calm of the marble corridors. On any other day I would rush to take a pee but on this fateful day, even when my own bladder was screaming for a relief, I decided to hold it and savour the show.

You see, the public sees the Justice Force heroines as untouchable Goddesses. Those stunning babes and statuesque icons with impossibly cinched waists and heavy, gravity-defying busts that threatened to spill out of their necklines with every punch thrown, had a secret. I discovered it one afternoon when I was feeling particularly wicked and decided to indulge in some high-stakes voyeurism in the locker room. Here’s the delicious truth: those heroines who wrapped themselves under skin-tight latex and breathless squeezing silicon outfits always have to fight an enemy bigger than any other, once they return to the HQ.

Their bursting bladders which refuse to be contained. Unlike what the others think they don’t have supreme control; in fact they wet themselves a lot! LIKE A LOT! It was because of their costumes, really. Those outfits are spray-on tight, designed to squeeze every ounce of flesh into a perfect hourglass silhouette, pushing breasts up to their chins and hugging those long, luscious legs like a lover. All because they have to look perfect and powerful at all times. But they are absolute hell to get out of. They all knowingly ditch the zippers while designing their suits as they weaken the fabric threatening to tear off during fights. And if they do keep one, they often jam against the curve of a hip, or their hands can’t reach it. Some of them have clasps but their fingers get slippery with sweat, and the vacuum-sealed bodysuits refuse to peel away.

Add in the adrenaline crash, the gallons of water they chug in between fights, and the fact that there is only one toilet in the entire HQ, the results are nothing short of spectacular. I live for the moment they whoosh in, with pure panic in their eyes. I watch from my hiding spot as they do the frantic, squirming dance with their thick thighs rubbing together in a futile attempt to hold back the tide. It is absolutely arousing to watch a woman who can bench press a tank be defeated by a stubborn bodysuit. And when they finally lose the battle? Oh, it’s deluge. The surrender, the steaming torrent, the dark, glistening patches spreading across bright, skintight fabric and the gurgling and splattering of their long-contained pee on the floor. It’s messy, it’s raunchy, and it is the absolute highlight of my career. Today with my own bladder throbbing at the brink of explosion and my balls boiling for a climax, I knew it was going to be a good day.

I slipped into the only bathroom at the HQ with my heart pounding in my chest and my manhood erect like a shaft of steel. I have never regretted having chosen Invisibility as my superpower. It was my greatest asset! I pressed myself flat against the cold tile wall right behind the toilet, holding my breath. I knew that as long as I remained statue-still, even the supers with radar senses would look right through me. No camera, no thermal imaging, no super-hearing could either detect me. I was a ghost in the machine, ready for the show.

I didn’t have to wait long for the main event. The door swung open and in floated the absolute crown jewel of the team: Sungirl. She hovered in, her perfectly pedicured toes dangling a tantalizing six inches above the marble floor. She was a six-foot-two vision of Amazonian perfection. Her skin looked like she popped out of a Playboy centrefold - skin deep-tanned to a bronze shimmer. Her hair was equally stunning. It was a mane of platinum blonde waves that cascaded down her back like a waterfall of light.

Her proportions were pure comic-book fantasy, an impossibly tiny, cinched waist that flared out into luscious hips and a bosom so heavy, perky and round, that it threatened to defy physics. Her costume seemed as if it was designed with a sadist. A high-cut, metallic gold surf-suit that fit so tight, that it had absolutely no wrinkles. It looked like molten gold had been poured directly over her curves, sculpting every inch and squeezing her massive cleavage together until it spilled over the neckline. She was literally glowing, a soft, solar aura radiating from her heated skin, making her look like a divine angel.

But this angel was cursing like a sailor. She was hovering directly over the bowl, squirming frantically trying to get rid of her outfit or somehow tear it apart from her crotch. Her face was red and her body shook violently. Her long, thick thighs were locked in a pretzel, grinding against each other. “JUST HOLD IT IN GODDAMIT! STUPID BLADDER!” She screamed! She curled in on herself mid-air, letting out low, needy moans of agony as she clawed frantically at the small of her back. The suit’s high-tech magnetic strip was fused shut. She’d forgotten that using her microwave blast on Vampira tends to melt the locking mechanism. Now, she was trapped. She cursed some more, bobbing up and down in the air. She was spinning in slow, agonizing circles. Her manicured nails scraped uselessly against the gold fabric as that suit ruthlessly squeezed her bladder. Did I mention, her bladder jutted out by at least an inch. I was almost drooling as I watched the scene unfold.

"Nooo! Pleeeeeeease no!" She screamed at the top of her lungs. It was a sound of pure, tragic devastation. She jammed her hands in her crotch, clawing her womanhood with a force that she could crush a metal plate. But her bladder had enough of her stupidity and it contracted with more force than ever. After a few agonizing minutes, she was forced to abandon the war against the jammed clasp. Once again she jammed her gloved hands between her legs, clutching her crotch with a frantic, white-knuckled grip. She was squeezing for dear life, those long, voluptuous thighs squishing together with such hydraulic force I thought she might actually ignite that friction fire she was attempting! But gravity and biology are cruel mistresses, even to a goddess. Just as she hovered mid-air to flee. Her. Dam. Burst.

It was a catastrophe of biblical proportions. A hiss of release cut through the air as a thick stream of piss started to shoot out of her pussy. It was like a pressurized spray. It jetted out with such force that her hands were away. The effect on that skintight metallic fabric was instant. The brilliant, sunny gold turned a deep, bronze. The force and the release were so powerful that her suit bulged at her crotch before it gurgled out in all direction. 

And because she was still glowing with solar energy, it was the most beautiful disaster I’d ever seen. The droplets caught her aura, turning into a shower of liquid diamonds, sparkling and twinkling as they splashed down five feet to the tiles. She created a shimmering, glowing lake beneath her hovering feet, a literal golden shower of light and heat. Even after her floodgates opened, she continued to fight it.

After going on strong for a minute, she finally clamped her hole shut. Her scream echoed through the hall. I held my breath in anticipation. I thought she had finally controlled herself, but something was off. Her bladder still bulged out, round and taut. By looking at her body language, it seemed that she was still fighting it off and boom! She gasped for air and stared pissing again. This time, it was even more ferocious. Despite the tigh suit, the stream gushed out of her in a perfectly straight line hitting the floor and splattering a few feet height. 

This time she just gave up and buried her hands in her face, while her bladder did the job for her. It took a solid, humiliating minute for her to drain completely. When she was finally done, there was a puddle that was at least six feet wide! She panicked and not wanting other members to find it, she simply stuck the puddle with her heat vision, evaporating all of it in a few seconds. However, in the heat of the moment, she hurriedly floated out of the room, still dripping from her crotch. Her head hung low and she left a trail of sparkling humiliation unknown to her.

The roar of the Bat-Wing’s engines was deafening as it touched down in the hangar, but I wasn't watching the aircraft. I was watching the cockpit canopy slide open, waiting for the Hall's resident tactical genius, Bat-Vixen. Usually, she descends from her jet like a shadow coming to life, silent, predatory, and terrifyingly graceful.

Not today.

Today, Bat-Vixen couldn’t do any of it. In fact, she could barely stand straight. She hit the hangar floor with a heavy, flat-footed thud, her knees knocking together instantly. I drifted silently alongside her as she made her way to the bathrroom. It was so delicious to watch her bubble butt wiggle and bounce in agony. She couldn't walk straight. She was forced into a frantic, jerky waddle. I could see her gloved hands tightly gripping her hips. Despite her agonizing situation, she was trying to hang on to her dignity and avoiding squeezing her throbbing crotch.

I smacked my lips watching her struggle because I knew, it was going to be even more difficult for her. Her costume was an engineering marvel. She often said she designed for it maximum protection and, apparently, to protect her identity from being exposed. But currently it seemed it was designed more for compression and prevent her from going to the bathroom. First, she was encased in a neck-to-toe latex bodysuit, black as midnight and tight enough to show the pulse in her throat. Over that, she wore a thick, moulded silicone leotard that compressed her torso and hips into a rigid, shiny shell and squeezed into her butt crack and crotch. And to top it all off? A military-grade tactical corset, cinched so tight her waist looked like it could snap, pushing her basket-ball sized bosom up until it practically touched her chin. She was a walking fortress of BDSM.

She burst into the restroom, gasping for air, her face flushed red beneath her cowl. She didn't even make it to the stall; she just collapsed against the sink, hanging by it. Usually, she never showed any signs of desperation even in the worst of situation. However, the battle had lasted for nearly two days and it was enough time to push even her bladder to her limits. Her legs were crossed tightly as she frantically began tapping commands into the small computer interface on her utility belt.

Unlike Sungirl, Bat-Vixen was just flesh and blood. She relies on gadgets and armor. That suit was essentially a wearable tank, sealed with biometric locks and rotating encryptions to prevent enemies from unmasking her. But as she tapped in the sequence to disengage the corset, the belt let out a harsh, mocking buzz.

Access Denied.

"Come on, come on!" she hissed, her voice trembling. She tried again, fingers slipping on the keypad. During the fight, a shock-baton had struck her midsection, scrambling the locking mechanism. The screen flashed red: SYSTEM ERROR. LOCKDOWN MODE ENGAGED. I gasped at the shock supressing the “HOLY FUCK” about to escape my mouth.

She was sealed in. The realization hit her like a punch to the gut. She let out a low, guttural whimper, abandoning the technology to claw uselessly at the thick silicone of her leotard. She tried to shove her hands into her utility belt, but it dug into her waist. The leotard underneath seemed vacuum sealed and there wasn't even room for a finger, let alone a tear it down.

For the unversed she would look more like a little school-girl rather than a terrifying vigilante. The desperation dance that followed was intense. She spun around, back slamming against the tiled wall, and slid down until she was in a squat. Her knees were squeezed so hard together the latex squeaked loudly. She was hyperventilating but the corset preventing her from breathing deeply. It felt like her boobs swelled and heaved as she tried to breath. She tightly clutched her crotch and just shut her eyes tight. She was hanging by a thread and her sphincter muscles seemed to be at the last shred of power. "Please..." she begged the empty room, her eyes watering.

But the suit, designed to withstand bullets, had no mercy for biology.

And then it happened. She yelped and gasped, further curling tightly. The break was sudden and devastating. Her eyes went wide and head tilted back. She clenched her jaws tightly and PUUUIIISSSSSHHHHH! Because she was wearing so many watertight layers, the sound was muffled, a heavy, fluid rush that sounded like a water balloon filling up under pressure. In the next few seconds, the agony on her face was replaced with relief. And then as she went on, her crotch ballooned further. Over a minute later, she was under a sensory overload. Since the suit was airtight, the liquid had nowhere to go. It filled the bottom of the latex bodysuit, warm and heavy, swamping her crotch and flooding down her thighs. I watched, mesmerized, as the liquid pooled inside the suit. The smooth, black surface of her thighs bulged slightly as the fluid rushed downward, filling her knee-high tactical boots. She groaned, a mix of pleasure and utter defeat, as she sat there in her own personal, sloshing wetsuit.

I thought that the suit would not burst but I was wrong. The sheer volume that she had kept contained for so long was inhuman. Even after three minutes she kept going and her catsuit kept ballooning further and further. Finally, the pressure became too much for the seams and the yellow steaming pee burst through her latex catsuit, like a water balloon popping! The outpour was devastating and it spilled across a good few feet all around.

“NO NO NO NOOOOO!” She screamed and hurriedly stood up.

The panic on her face was unreal as she inspected her shredded catsuit and the puddle all around. Her face was red and filled with sweat. Her toned milky thighs shone with pee. And the remnants of her catsuits fluttered around, dripping even more pee from her upper body.

She craned her neck outside to check if there was anyone outside. Once she was sure about it she pulled out a small pellet from her utility belt and smashed it on the floor. In an instant, it started absorbing the pool of her pee. She watched impatiently, hoping it to absorb everything. But ALAS! It failed. It barely absorbed anything. Reluctantly she pulled out more pellets and smashed them all on the floor at once. I watched everything in awe as the pellets started sucking in her steaming pee from all directions and finally the floor was dry. She then snatched a bunch of tissues and collected all the overfilled pellets. Once she was done, she tore away her latex thong and her catsuit, removed her 6-inch butt-plug and an equally huge vibrator to dry herself. “So much better!” She whispered to herself, huffing and puffing. And finally, she ran out of the bathroom to her Bat-Wing to hastily take-off.

Right after that, the teleportation chamber suddenly started crackling and buzzing. I watched with bated breath to guess who it was. Finally, the beaming was complete and the air crackling with ozone before the molecules snapped back together. Green-Ivy materialized on the pad, but there was no superhero landing today. No confident strut. As soon as the glittering green light faded, she let out a sharp, strangled yelp and immediately doubled over, clutching her crotch, with both hands as if she’d been glued.

The walk from the teleporter to the bathroom is usually a twenty-second trot. For Green-Ivy, in this state, it seemed like a mile. I always loved her costume. The signature bio-organic catsuit, a seamless, living layer of emerald-green plant matter that hugged her curvaceous figure tighter than Bat-Vixen’s catsuit. Woven throughout the suit were thick, parasitic climber vines that pulsed with life, wrapping around her limbs and torso to boost her strength. But today, those vines were a curse. To keep her foliage fierce enough to crush the Brigade’s tanks, she had gone all in. She’d guzzled litres of water to fuel her chlorophyll production. Now, the battle was over, the adrenaline was gone, and her super-metabolism had ferociously pumped every single drop into her bladder. She was a holding in a bladder that seemed like a high-pressure boiler.

She managed two wobbly steps before stopping dead, her knees locking together violently. "Oh god, oh god..." she whimpered, biting her lip so hard it started to bleed. Her body contorted, twisting at the waist as she tried to physically block her pee hole. The sound of her suit was wet, leafy, and rubbery, squeaking as her legs ground together was loud in the empty hallway. The worst part? The suit knew. The symbiotic vines sensed the ocean of warm, nutrient-rich fluid held right behind her pee-hole, began to constrict. They tightened around her waist and bladder, squeezing her in a cruel, crushing embrace, eager for the water they could sense but couldn't reach.

She lurched forward again, a desperate, frantic shuffle. She was sweating profusely; her beautiful face scrunched up in pain. She made it five feet. Then ten. But the pressure was unbearable for her. Just as she reached for the handle of the restroom door, her bladder shot a wave of pee towards her pee hole. She froze, arching forward, with a loud, defeated cry. "I can't!"

The vines didn’t realize that the water that they were looking for was actually pee inside her overworked bladder. Not just pee, but a bucket load of it. They kept squeezing tighter and tighter until the dam broke with explosive force. The pressure inside her was so immense that when she her floodgates finally burst, the stream jetted out through her catsuit with the force of a firehose. 

The living fabric of her catsuit instantly darkened from bright emerald to a deep, swampy forest green. As the jet continued to pour, the stain started spreading outward from her crotch at a terrifying speed. She stood there, paralyzed in the hallway, leaning against the wall. Her eyes rolled back in her head, panting and gasping as her bladder violently contracted. Two days worth of pee, gallons of pressurized piss gurgled through her ruthless costume.

And then, the spectacle truly began. The climber vines on her suit, suddenly fed by this warm, nitrogen-rich flood, went wild. As she stood there peeing helplessly, tiny exotic flowers began to bloom instantly all over her wet thighs and crotch, bursting open in vibrant pinks and purples, feasting on the accident. Her bladder was jutted till the navel at first and then in the next few minutes, I watched her balloon deflate slowly and steadily. “Fuckkk! That feels so good!” Ivy muttered to herself, rubbing her swollen labia somehow turned on by the whole thing. I was no different. My manhood was bursting out of my tight rubber costume. 

She started rubbing herself even more vigorously as her bladder continued to expel the pent-up pee. By the time she finished, she screamed aloud. Her body shuddered violently and she collapsed in her steaming rapidly expanding puddle. An earth-shattering orgasm ripped through her body as she finally emptied fully. The vines on her body were fully bloomed now feeding on the nitrogen. She sat there for a few minutes and then let her vines absorb the puddle. I couldn’t believe my eyes as I watched the whole accident and then her vines suck up the whole of her deluge. She somehow stood up and teleported back to somewhere else.

No sooner did Ivy beam out of the HQ, than did a blue blur streak in. It was Hypergirl's turn to try to reach the bathroom. Hypergirl is my favourite. She is my muse in a way. Platinum blonde, shorter and more buxom, with basket-ball sized silicone tits that she proudly got on her twentieth birthday. She refused to change her costume and insisted to keep wearing the tinier, tighter one. It was a long-sleeved, legless blue leotard with a plunging neckline and a thong back. It squeezed her boobs as if it would burst out if breathed too hard. And the thong back dug deep between her butt cheeks to the point that it threatened to tear. She had modified it to withstand the friction of her hyper-speed.

You have to understand Hypergirl’s fatal flaw. She possessed the fastest metabolism on Earth, which means she guzzles high-calorie protein shakes by the gallon to keep her energy up. But she also believes she has all the time in the world. She holds her pee until her bladder is distended to the point of bursting, convinced she can dash around the globe and hit any bathroom in a nanosecond. And the pee dance before she reached one, was no less that an orgasmic experience!

Imagine about six girls occupying the same space at the same time and all about to pee their thongs. I could see her squeezing her pussy while at the same time I saw her pulling her slicked back hair. A blur of vision where she would be rubbing her shapely thighs together while at the same time they would be crossing and re-crossing into a pretzel. And the images switched over and over again in a blur of motion. It was bizarre and sexy at the same time. Every time she was around, the hard-on I would get seemed to grow by an inch. And the cherry on top was her running commentary. It was HOT!

"I'm bursting!”, “I can't hold it anymore!”,

“I have to piss like a racehorse!”,

“I never had to pee so bad in my life!”,

“My teeth are floating”,

“Oh God It's coming out Why won't these stupid snaps work”,

“Oh No I can't contain it I'm gonna burst My bladder's bursting I have to go I HAVE TO GO! OH GOD OH GOD! “

And my personal favourite was “FUCK! I CAN'T HOLD MY WATER! IT'S COMING OUT!"

Today as I watched her squirm and fight her bladder with the remaining strength of control, my mind wandered to the day, just before the battle started. The air in the locker room was thick with pheromones and sexual tension. I pinned Hypergirl against a row of lockers, and she was basking in the attention. Her blue smoky eyes looked at me, heavy-lidded and seductive. I looked at her tight strained leotard up and down. It was so obscenely tight it looked like liquid latex poured directly over her curves. She leaned in close, letting her breath into my ear. "You noticed, didn't you?" she purred, grabbing my hand and guiding it to her lower abdomen. It was rock hard, a distinct, swollen dome pressing firmly against the unforgiving fabric. "I’ve been... training my bladder… expanding my capacity."

"You have no idea, how dangerously sexy you are!" I whispered, rubbing her thighs with mine.

"I love the danger, darling," she giggled with a sultry sound. "Ever since you told me about you little fetish, I had the toilet removed from my penthouse. Nowhere to go. I just drink... and hold. Litres of water, iced tea, soda, energy drink and beer. I love the way it feels between my legs. That heavy, throbbing bladder screaming for relief right over my G-spot. It keeps me so... sensitive…so aroused."

She bit her lip, her eyes dancing with mischief. "Last week? I was at the Mayor’s ribbon-cutting ceremony. I was bursting at seams. I was literally seeing stars. Every time the band played a high note, I leaked just a tiny, warm spurt into my suit. Standing there, shaking hands, feeling that hot wetness slide down my inner thigh while the cameras flashed... God, I nearly climaxed right on the podium." She tugged my collar, squishing her silicone globes against my torso.

I was about to start fingering her through her leotard, just when the sirens began to wail, signalling a sudden attack on the capital.

"Showtime," she whispered. She grabbed her tactical belt from the bench, a thick, golden metal cinch. Instead of keeping it loose, she grinned wickedly and pulled it tighter. "Nnggh!" She let out a sharp, erotic whimper, her knees buckling slightly as the belt dug into her waist, forcing and compressing her over-filled bladder violently. "Oh, that’s... that’s intense," she gasped, her face turning red. "Oooh! That’s TIGHT! I can feel it babe.” She teased me. But she wasn't done. She grabbed a massive energy drink, popped the tab, and chugged it while locking eyes with me, liquid trickling down her chin and dripping onto her heaving cleavage. "Don't wait up, honey."

“Are you sure that’s a good idea? All that liquid on top of your rock-hard bladder.” I asked, secretly hoping she would not take the cue.

“C’mon babe! You know you girl can HOLD IT IN” She winked and we both teleported to earth.

At first, Hypergirl was a powerhouse, knocking the enemies before they could even see her. But as the hours dragged on and more energy drinks she consumed, the "game" turned against her. It was agonizingly hot. She stopped hovering in place; instead, she was constantly bobbing up and down, her legs twisting around each other like vines.

"Hypergirl, status?" the commander barked.

"Holding... the line!" she strained, her voice tight and trembling.

I followed her closely. She was fighting a losing war. Every time she threw a punch, a small shockwave of desperation hit her, making her gasp and curl her toes. Between bouts, she wasn't standing heroically; she was doubled over, her hands jammed aggressively into her crotch, fingers digging deep into it.

“GOD! THIS IS GETTING BAD!” She cursed and continued to fight. Afew hours later, she was sweating profusely. She hurried into a small alley during a lull, grinding her backside against the bricks. She double-crossed her thick thighs tightly. Her face contorted with strain. “Just a little longer! I can hold it. I can hold it.” But she was wrong. The battle stretched out for two full days and breaks were far and few between. By the time the battle came close to an end, her bladder was jutting out from her midsection like it didn’t belong to her. And because of that, she wasn’t even able to get to her full speed and rush to nearby bathroom. The pressure inside that cinched belt must have been excruciating, pushing her bladder to the absolute breaking point. She looked like she was on the verge of exploding, trembling, whimpering, and completely, utterly desperate.

Finally, she reached here absolutely frantic. She didn’t know I reached here sometime back and watched many of the girls face a similar fate as her. I knew what was going to happen to her. She always forgot one crucial variable: the design of her costume had a nasty habit of backfiring. The kinetic heat she generates fused the reinforced snap-crotch shut on a molecular level. And that was probably happening now. She was whimpering and shaking, “WHY WON’T YOU OPEN MOTHERFUCKER!”. She applied as much force as she could, vibrated her body, applied all of her speed force but nothing budged the buttons. Her bladder bulged out like she hid a watermelon underneath her leotard.

“I’m bursting here!”,

“Please come off you idiots!,

“I haven’t pissed over two days.” She kept cursing and squirming, somehow still holding back her flood.

She bent over, shoving her hands in her crotch even tighter. I could see that her bladder was so hard that it refused to compress. Her cheeks puffed up as she held her breath trying to somehow cork up her pee hole. She continued fighting with the snap buttons in a blur of images and then suddenly she stopped! I thought this is it. But for the next few seconds nothing would happen. Then her superfast bladder started vibrating and contracting faster than her strained sphincter muscled could cope up with. Her eyes nearly popped out in horror. That marked the beginning of the flood, and it erupted out of her, like a fire hose let loose.

“NOOOOOOOOOO!” She screamed and tried to pretzel her legs again. But her control was destroyed. The thick dense stream of piss kept erupting out of her pussy in a perfect straight line. The force was so strong that the marble beneath her cracked. Pee splattered all around, even hitting the ceiling. Her eyes rolled back and she finally accepted defeat. She remained hunched over, supporting herself by placing her hands on her knees and letting her bladder expel all the hot pee from its pressurized confinement. “AAAHHHHHHHHHH!” She moaned as relief took over her body. After nearly three minutes when she was done, the puddle beneath her filled the whole bathroom and even flooded the whole corridor. It was like she peed more than the combined volume of all the heroines earlier. She somehow stood up with shaking knees and started to cry, still tugging uselessly at the snaps.

Before she could understand or do anything about her puddle, a thunderous pounding on the door interrupted her self-pity. A husky, sexy alto called through the door: "Hypergirl, please! I need to pee so badly! Hurry, please!" The superheroine turned and shuffled to the door, muttering quietly to herself.

Meanwhile, I was in heaven, because I recognized the alto voice and the pounding! The door hinges creaked in protest before the wood simply gave way, ripped clean off the frame by a hand generating literal tons of force. Two massive, desperate arms reached in, grabbed the soaking wet Hypergirl, and tossed her into the hallway like a ragdoll.

Enter Olympia. The Strongest Woman on Earth.

She was a breathtaking mountain of muscle, boobs and curves, standing six-feet-six of Amazonian perfection. Her long, raven-black hair was a wild mane that reached her waist. Her piercing green eyes were squinted with panic. Her lips were pursed and jaws clenched. She was almost unrecognizable as she squirmed in her spot, jogging like she was about to lose her control right there. Her massive biceps flexing involuntarily as she clutched her crotch with a grip that would have crushed a steel pipe. "Sorry!" She called back to the poor blonde girl, but only half meant it. She rushed to a cubicle, her boots splashing through Hypergirl's pool of pee, without a care, instantly engaging in a war with her own outfit.

Now, calling it a "costume" was grossly wrong. Olympia, tired of shredding spandex during hand-to-hand combat with galactic warlords, had switched to a proprietary blend: liquid latex laced with powdered steel. Before every battle she poured it directly onto her skin, drying into an indestructible, metallic shell that highlighted every ripple of her quads and abs while offering tank-level protection. But right now, that invulnerability was the cause of her agony.

She stood legs crossed, those legendary "buns of steel" clenching and unclenching non-stop, as tried to peel the suit off. I watched, mesmerized and a throbbing cock, as she hooked her fingers into the waistband of her steel-latex hotpants and pulled. Her deltoids swelled, veins popped in her neck, and she groaned with the effort, but the suit was bonded tight. It stretched, but it wouldn't tear. She ditched the waistband and went for the direct approach, clawing frantically at her pussy, trying to rip the material away. She was whimpering now like a little girl. It was a needy sound that contrasted with her terrifying physical power. She was squeezing her thighs together with a force that could turn coal into diamond, just trying to hold back the inevitable.

But biology is the one force even Olympia she could not bench press.

The surrender was explosive. She threw her head back and screamed, "NO!" as her control slipped. The force of her release was so powerful, pressurized by her god-like strength, that her hands couldn't stop it. The "indestructible" steel-latex crotch of her hot-pants shredded instantly under the tsunami like blast. A jet of hot, yellow fluid erupted through the torn material like dam gates being opened. The impact on the floor was thunderous. It actually kicked up grout and cracked the tiles beneath her boots, and even the frame underneath.

If Hypergirl’s torrent was like a bomb, this was a nuclear blast. The room filled with the sound of rushing water as she stood there, legs wide, helpless against the torrent. She didn't stop until the entire floor of the bathroom and the corridor was flooded an inch deep, her boots completely submerged in her own warm defeat. When she finally finished and turned to hide her face in the corner, I carefully shuffled my feet, letting the rising yellow tide fill in the dry spots where I’d been standing, covering my tracks in the aftermath of the titans.

Just like me even Hypergirl watched the whole scene unfold, with her jaws were dropped to the ground. We both thought that everyone was done and I was about to show myself up to Hypergirl. But just then one more heroine rushed in. She was the only heroine that could tell I was in there! The Mental Maiden.

But she seemed preoccupied with her own problem. She was walking in a half-crouch, massaging her pussy to beat the band. She had the most unforgiving costume of all. It was a panty corset. Essentially, it was just a single lingerie garment that covered her whole torso, bone white in colour and tied all the way up in the back. There were so many laces that I lost count, seemed like a hundred laces. It clinched her waist painfully thin. What she was thinking when she decided to design it or even wear it I'll never know, but it fit her hourglass figure perfectly, and she accessorised it with thigh high spike heeled boots, white hair and a lace mask.

It was the platform boots that attracted my attention. They were almost as long as my manhood. About a foot-long with thin pointy heels. One that could pierce steel. The latex thigh-highs squeaked like mice as her thighs rubbed frantically together. Two days of non-stop battler had her bladder filled to the brim and nowhere to expand. She could barely stop wiggling for a second! She tried hard but couldn't keep both hands free long enough to untie the laces behind her back, and there were so many!

Suddenly, her voice echoed inside my skull, bypassing my ears entirely. It was a breathless, panicked telepathic whisper, intimate and overwhelming.

“I know you’re there, you invisible creep. I can sense your voyeuristic little mind!”

I froze, but she didn't attack. Instead, a wave of pure, unfiltered embarrassment washed over me. “Don't leave!” she projected, the mental voice cracking with desperation. “I… I fucked up. The invasion... I was so nervous. My powers drain my electrolytes, okay? I drank over six litres of electrolyte water and so many energy drinks during the fight. I didn't think! And this suit... oh god, this suit...”

“There’s no bloody zipper in this costume!” she screamed in my mind, “Who designs a superhero costume with eighty-two individual knots?! My bladder is the size of a bowling ball and this corset is squeezing it like a stress ball. I can’t undo them! My hands are shaking too much!”

She was right. Her gloved hands were fluttering uselessly behind her back, fumbling with the knots in a painful angle, but every time she let go of her crotch to reach back, her knees would buckle, and she’d have to grab her crotch again.

“Invisible Man! Please! My code of ethics is suspended! Get your hands on me and UNTIE ME!”

My hero code and my curiosity compelled me. I materialized, partially, and stepped forward. "I'm on it," I muttered, reaching for the top lace. I took my time. I mean, you have to be careful with latex, right? But even if I had the speed of my Hypergirl, it wouldn't have been enough. The moment my fingers brushed the small of her back, the sensory input was too much for her.

“Faster! Oh god, don't touch, just pull!” I nodded and started tugging the laces, which had somehow got tangled. “No, don't pull so sharply, like that!” She yelled.

I could feel my dick about to burst its load and mu concentration slipping. I just lifted my hand slowly and managed to undo exactly one knot. The release of even that tiny bit of pressure proved be the undoing for her. Mental Maiden suddenly stopped dancing. She went rigid, her entire body vibrating like a tuning fork. The squeaking of the latex stopped, replaced by a terrifying whimper.

“I'm not going to make it! Oh, God! My pee-pee is coming out! Oh, I can feel it!! My pee-pee's coming out!! I'm going to pee-pee in my panties!!!”

Then, she broadcast the sensation. I could feel the pressure that she was feeling as if my own bladder (which too was screaming for a relief) suddenly felt ten times fuller. It was a psychic shockwave of devastating pressure followed by an unstoppable release slammed into my brain. I felt the dam break. I felt the sudden, hot rush of pee flooding the restricted space of her latex clad crotch. I couldn't resist! I slid my hand between her milky thighs and pulled up by her swollen, throbbing crotch. Just as I squeezed it once, a stream of hot piss gushed through the tight gusset! I kept my hand there for as long as it took, moving it with her as she shook her ass in a futile attempt to stem the flow! She didn't pee as hard as the others (besides her mind powers she's only human), but it felt like she was holding back a tidal wave.

“Oh no... oh no, oh no, oh YES...”

Her mental voice shifted from panic to a delirious, lip-smacking euphoria. In the physical world, she stood wide-legged in her killer heels, head thrown back, mouth open in a silent moan, leaning on my body, with my hand firmly squeezing her pussy. I supported her as pee forcefully started gurgling out of her tight cameltoe’d latex crotch. The material didn’t absorb any of it and it started splattering everywhere like a fountain held upside down. It poured down her inner thighs, creating a steaming, frothy waterfall that splashed over the tops of those heels. I could feel her pee even rushing down my thighs. It was alarmingly hot! As more and more piss kept on coming, she let herself loose. I was bearing all her weight as she telepathically broadcasted every second of her humiliating, relief-filled defeat directly into my brain. It was a surreal experience. She somehow wanted me to experience every drop of the warm, yellow puddle that was rapidly increasing the pool to my ankle.

At long last she stopped, but kept her thighs together, quivering one more time and wetting my hand more with her orgasm! Then she relaxed and dropped to her haunches in the piss on the floor, hanging onto my arms for balance. By this time, I was almost at the verge of bursting my own bladder and unloading my cum at the same time. But then she swiftly raised up her ass and thought to me:

“Hold it in like a man and help me finish me first!”

I didn't need to be told twice! I slammed her on the counter and pulled her crotch aside (not stopping to wonder why she didn't think of that). I hurriedly tore away my briefs and braced myself on her body till I could thrust myself in! She was wet and sloppy, and she moaned when I entered her. I humped her for all I was worth, splashing the piss around us and making her breasts shake with each thrust! It was such a hot and juicy encounter with her. It went on for nearly an hour during which I made her scream with orgasms again and again. And just as I was about to cum, she pushed me away tightly gripping my throbbing dick. She signalled me to turn around. It was Hypergirl and Olympia standing there, looking at my pre-cum dripping dick, biting their lips.

Now I was at their mercy. As the girls closed in on me, with devilish grins, I knew I was in for the long haul. And I didn’t mind, even if meant my bladder and balls both would burst that day.

- - - The End - - -

*002*2025-12-31 09:37

{{4 minutes ago, Daddy-Mikasa said:

We need more omo stories with Superheroines

}}

Don't we all! There's something so erotic about superheroines not able to pee because of their costumes! 😍

*004*2025-12-31 10:36

{{47 minutes ago, Daddy-Mikasa said:

I know right? Especially for scantily cladded heroines like Wonder Woman, She-Hulk or Power Girl, the types that don't wear pants.

}}

You read my mind! I am drooling now. Ever since I started reading comics, this has always been my fantasy about they go, when wearing their costumes...

*007*2026-01-01 11:22

{{On 12/31/2025 at 4:27 PM, Daddy-Mikasa said:

Too bad there's a lack of omo content for those characters. I know there are canon desperation scenes in comics, cartoons or movies but it's never with these characters. The ones I know that have those are Batgirl and Harley

}}

Well I don't have a story for Batgirl but I do have something to make do . Imagine Batgirl simply can't go even when she is bursting, because her tight neck entry latex catsuit doesn't have a zipper 😍

&&

{{On 12/31/2025 at 4:28 PM, Normie Fella said:

We actually need more superheroine type of stories or maybe even a multiverse of them all together in a stranded island lol

}}

A multiverse you say...I am already salivating with the idea 🤤 What do you think should happen in the story? Who do you think will have the biggest bladder among all the superheoines?

$$

*010*2026-01-01 17:21

{{37 minutes ago, JamesK said:

I’ve made a few here a while back. I’m still working on more, I’ve just been job hunting for a few months so I haven’t had time to write.

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedauthorid="202940" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed8020743913" style="height:339px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/116097-even-superheroes-need-to-pee-or-more/?do=embed&comment=2314133&embedComment=2314133&embedDo=findComment#comment-2314133"$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedauthorid="202940" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed4211079840" style="height:339px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/116225-even-superheroes-need-to-poop/?do=embed&comment=2314132&embedComment=2314132&embedDo=findComment#comment-2314132"

}}

How on earth did I miss them! Thanks for your comment, I am going to savour this tonight:

$/116097-even-superheroes-need-to-pee-or-more/

*011*2026-01-01 17:48

{{6 hours ago, Daddy-Mikasa said:

Maybe Power Girl. i can imagine her being in lots of desperation scenarios

}}

I am curious to know the scenarios. Maybe I can build on it in the coming weeks 😉

*016*2026-01-03 10:39

{{22 hours ago, Daddy-Mikasa said:

Maybe like she had a coffee during her work, then a large soda while having a movie outing with Terra. Then some champagne while having lunch. And then being forced to fight crime, go on a space adventure with Vartox and Harley with a space party with alien alcohol. Basically Power Girl doing superhero stuff, space travels, fighting monsters, villains and what not while her bladder fills up and she has no chance to go to the bathroom at all

}}

The classic superhero fight + after party stuff. Love the idea! Will try to create something soon 😉

{{3 hours ago, Ayegon said:

I don't reply much but I remember this story, an old but great one. You did it justice, so great job! Keep it up.

}}

Thank you so much buddy! The original story itself was soooo hot. Kudos to the original author.

