Love Me As I Am (Fanfic carried over from Ao3)

Author: radiantaetherr

*000*2024-10-06 02:40

This is a story I wrote on Ao3. I cut out the sex scene, but the full fic's on Ao3. It's here in case you wanna read it: https://archiveofourown.org/works/59495173

Alcryst hated parties. He hated them almost as much as he hated himself, if that says anything. But Pandreo decided to throw another, and poor little Alcryst just couldn't say no. He never said no. So here he was, at in a stuffy, hot room that, even though it was a very spacious building, felt claustrophobic to him. Not even enjoying himself. And to make matters worse, he had a serious issue.

He needed to pee. Really badly. He'd always hated public bathrooms. Well, at least after he officially came to terms with his gender. He was too boyish to be in the girl's room, and couldn't be in the men's because he was biologically a girl.

But now, he really had to go. Leaning against the wall, he practically danced in place, hands jammed between his thick thighs. Taking a deep breath, which didn't help at all, he sent a silent prayer up to the Divine Dragon and the gods above that this party would be over soon. His bladder throbbed in pain, and he barely contained a whimper.

He contemplated just using the men's bathroom anyways, but quickly dissuaded himself. No, it was too uncomfortable for him. His mind raced at the prospect of being caught wetting himself. No way he'd ever do that! But he might soon if he didn't find somewhere to relieve himself soon…

Suddenly, Alcryst felt someone tap his shoulder. "Hello? Earth to Alcryst!"

Oh great. Fogado. Just what he needed: to humiliate himself in front of his crush. "H-hi, Prince Fogado…" he stuttered, trying desperately to keep the Solmic prince from sensing his peril.

"Hey, just so ya know, they're abouta start the real party. I mean, music and dancing and shit," Fogado informed. "So, be prepared. I know just how much you hate that kinda stuff."

How wonderful.

Even with Fogado, the person who usually could ease all of his worries here, it did nothing to help the agonizing pain in his bladder.

A sudden burst of pain hit the poor Brodian, and he doubled over, hands now grasping at his groin. Concerned yet intrigued, Fogado raised an eyebrow in surprise.

"Uhh… hey, Crystie? You okay?"

There was that nickname again. Whenever Fogado called him that, he couldn't help but feel weak in the knees.

"Y-yeah!" Alcryst blurted out, forcing a weak smile. "I'm… f-fine… oh, f-fuuuck…"

But the poor boy couldn't take it anymore. To his dismay, Alcryst felt something wet drip down his leg. His face burned a deep crimson, and tears of humiliation threatened to spill at at moment.

Before he knew it, he had completely lost control of his bladder. His pants rapidly grew more damp, dripping onto the ground, and the smell of urine filled the area.

"I…" Alcryst started, but couldn't find the words to say. He had just wet himself in front of Fogado, the love of his life!

Much to Alcryst's surprise, Fogado didn't tease him for it like he did with everything else. Actually, he looked more surprised than frustrated.

"A-alcryst?" Fogado questioned. That was… the first time in a while Alcryst had heard him stutter.

"I-I'm so sorry!" Alcryst apologize, his blush growing to an extreme. Upon hearing the mocking whispers of the crowd around him, Alcryst completely broke into tears. "I didn't mean to… to…"

The Brodian prince trailed off as Fogado enveloped his trembling frame in a warm embrace. "Shh… It's okay, Alcryst," he whispered, A stark contrast to his usual glamour.

"R-really?" Alcryst asked in disbelief.

"Really. Now c'mon, let's go and get you cleaned up," he said as he lead Alcryst towards the area where the bathrooms were.

Alcryst, however, objected to going in there. He let go of Fogado's hand, his eyes red from crying earlier.

"Is… something wrong, Crystie?" he asked.

"I…" he started, pausing for a moment to collect his thoughts, "…I'm scared," he finally admitted after what seemed like hours of silence.

"Hm? Why so?" Fogado questioned.

"I.." Alcryst exhaled sharply, before continuing. "I'm trans, Fogado. I don't… I don't feel comfortable in there."

"Don't worry," Fogado reassured, taking back Alcryst's hand. "I'll be with you. And if anybody tries anything with you, I'll be there. I ain't gonna take that shit."

"Y-you don't have to—"

Alcryst was silenced by Fogado pressing a finger to his lips. He smiled, A smile Alcryst had come to know as a signature Fogado smile. It was the kind of smile that made him seem to know everything Alcryst needed him to know, and respect and support it wholeheartedly. Alcryst had fallen in love with that smile long ago, but seeing it again made him fall all over again.

So, Alcryst let himself be led to the restrooms by Fogado, fully trusting him. The moment they were inside one of the stalls with the door securely locked—or, as secure as a public bathroom can get—Fogado then turned too Alcryst and helped him clean the traces of his accident.

