Two Nisekoi Stories

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2020-07-31 17:57

These two stories were commissioned by daveshuyi and were posted at his request and with his permission. It was my first commission, but it was a great exchange, so I've decided to open up story commissions! If you are interested, please DM me for more info.

- Onodera's Present -

Onodera let out a quiet sigh as the final bell rang, rubbing her thighs together as she hastily packed up her school supplies. It wasn’t common for her to get caught needing to use the bathroom during class. Being a shy girl, she wouldn’t dare raise her hand in the middle of class to ask to be excused, so she had become quite accustomed to planning bathroom trips ahead of time and watching how much she drank throughout the day.

Today, however, she had gotten caught up eating lunch with Raku. Alone.

She got caught up in the atmosphere and being alone together with her crush, so she skipped her post-lunch trip to the bathroom to walk back to class with him. She hadn’t thought anything of it until her bladder made itself known during that last class. The desperation had hit her fast and hard, but she had made it through dry, and now all there was left to do was to make it to the bathroom.

Even though I had to hold it in a little, being with Raku was worth it!

Onodera smiled at the memory before slipping out of the classroom, making a beeline for the girl’s room.

“Oh hey, Onodera!”

Onodera’s heart skipped a beat. She recognized that voice anywhere. Turning around, she spotted Raku running after her, waving and calling out her name.

“Hi, Ichijou!” she smiled back, fiddling with the hem of her skirt as she squeezed her legs together.

“H-hey, Onodera! I was… I mean, I wanted to… there was something I…” Raku let out a sigh, “We, uh… we should walk home together!”

Onodera’s face lit up bright red, “W-what?”

“I mean! I was actually thinking… Remember how Kirisaki is out sick and I offered to bring her today’s homework? Well I was actually thinking we should both do it! You know, because… uh…”

“Oh, right! I’m actually a little concerned about her,” Onodera nodded, trying not to let her disappointment show.

I was kind of hoping he wanted to walk home together with me.

Internally, Raku slapped himself in the face.

I couldn’t just say I wanted to walk home with her! And I still haven’t given her the present I got for her!

Raku felt around in his pocket for the small wrapped box he was carrying. Yesterday had been Onodera’s birthday, but once Onodera started opening everyone’s presents right then and there, he was too embarrassed to give it to her in front of everyone. It was a fancy silver hair clip with a heart on it. He had seen it and instantly thought of Onodera, but now that he bought it for her, he was feeling self-conscious about it.

But today, no matter what, he’d give it to her.

“Alright, let’s get going!” he smiled. Once they were walking home together, he could casually bring it up and hand it over before he had any second thoughts.

“Okay, just give me a-”

Onodera’s face lit up bright red again. There was absolutely no way she could tell Raku she needed to use the bathroom. It was too embarrassing. She pressed her thighs together as she felt the mounting pressure in her bladder. If she missed her chance to go now, she wasn’t confident she’d make it to Chitoge’s house at this rate.

As much as I want to walk together with Ichijou… I can’t tell him I need to pee!

“A-actually, I just remembered,” Onodera looked to the side, scratching her cheek with one finger, “I had something to do at home after school! Tell Kirisaki I’m sorry for me!”

“Oh…” Raku’s face fell, and Onodera immediately felt bad.

I’m sorry for lying, Ichijou! But I really need to pee right now!

“Well, I guess if you’re busy, then…” Raku started to turn around, but then his hand touched the gift box in his pocket. If he didn’t give it to Onodera today, it’d be hard to make an excuse like he had just forgotten it two days in a row. Steeling himself, he turned around again, “Actually, Onodera, there was another reason I wanted to see you!”

“Huh?” Onodera asked, cocking her head to the side. She really just wanted her conversation with Raku to be over so she could slip off to the bathroom.

“I mean, there was uh-” Raku froze. Suddenly images of the hair clip flashed in his mind, and he started doubting himself again.

I really should’ve gotten something less conspicuous! How will she react to it? I can’t just hand it to her and run off!

“Uh… actually, there was… there was something I wanted to talk to you about! But I guess if you can’t then-”

“No no no!” Onodera grabbed Raku’s hand and started tugging him towards the school entrance, casting a longing glance towards the bathrooms as she passed them by, “It’s fine! We can go!”

He looked really disappointed, and he wanted to talk to me, specifically! I really have to pee, but I couldn’t stand just lying to him. Besides, what could he possibly want to talk to me about?

“Are you sure?” Raku asked, his face bright red. Onodera hadn’t noticed it yet, but she was still grabbing onto his hand.

Onodera’s hand… it’s so soft. Ah! My hand’s probably really sweaty because I was nervous about the present.

The two made their way all the way down to the school’s entrance before Onodera realized she was holding Raku’s hand. She felt like she couldn’t turn any more red if she tried, sporting a full blush from her head down to her neck. She let go with a sputtered apology, and the two headed for Chitoge’s house.

It should be fine. I can hold it! Chitoge runs here every day, so it can’t be that far. Right?

Despite Raku having told Onodera he wanted to talk to her, they weren’t really able to have much of a conversation. Raku himself was still nervously fiddling with the present in his pocket, and Onodera was dealing with her current predicament. Her bladder cried out in protest as she took each step, and she wanted nothing more than to grab herself and run to the nearest toilet. The cool wind wasn’t helping any, with her school uniform’s dangerously short skirt doing nothing to keep the draft from licking at her thighs.

My bladder’s so full. I really should’ve gone after class! I’ve been holding it in all day!

She placed a hand on her belly, rubbing her abdomen just above where her swollen bladder sat. She could feel a distinct bulge, filled with urine desperately trying to escape. She fought back against it with her muscles, trying her best not to show any outward signs of desperation.

While distracted with thoughts of her full bladder, she failed to notice Raku stopping in front of her.

“Hey, Onodera-”

“Eek!”

Onodera bumped into him and jumped back in surprise. Her bladder spasmed violently and she winced as desperation shot through her body. She clamped her legs together as the smallest spurt escaped, soaking into her panties. It wasn’t much, but now she could feel it, and it only served to make her more acutely aware of her desperation.

“Oh sorry,” Raku frowned, “It’s just… remember how I said I had something to talk to you about?”

“O-oh yeah!” Onodera replied shakily.

I have to pee I have to pee I have to pee! Ichijou, please make this fast!

“Well, see, yesterday was your birthday, and actually I-” Raku looked up at Onodera, noticing her fidgeting in place. Her face was flush and small droplets of sweat were dripping down her forehead, “Onodera, are you okay?”

“H-huh? Yeah, of course!” Onodera smiled, “I’m fine!”

Raku frowned, placing his hand on Onodera’s forehead, “I dunno, you seem hot. And you’re a bit shaky. I hope you’re not coming down with something too.”

The touch was almost too much for Onodera. She blushed a beet red and it took everything in her power not to let out another leak in surprise. She desperately wanted to cross her legs or grab herself, but with Raku scrutinizing her it would be all but impossible for her to get away with that without him noticing.

“Seriously, I’m fine, Ichijou!” Onodera insisted, “Let’s just get going!”

Raku placed a hand on his chin and for a second Onodera thought he wouldn’t let it go, but he merely shrugged and nodded, “Alright, if you’re sure you’re fine!”

Onodera fell into step behind him, hoping that he wouldn’t notice her awkward gait. She was taking smaller steps to avoid making her desperation worse. Every time they were forced to stop at a crosswalk, she would bounce desperately behind him. Her hand was scrunching up the hem of her skirt as she clenched her teeth. Even though she wanted to enjoy walking together with Raku, she could barely register his presence over the overwhelming pressure mounting in her bladder. It felt to her like she was holding back a flood.

This is bad! This is getting really bad! I have to pee so bad! I don’t think I’ll be able to hold it much longer!

Raku, completely oblivious to her plight, once again reached into his pocket and fiddled with the present he had bought for her. He mulled over it again in his mind, trying to think of what to say to present it to her. He built up his courage one more time, and just as the two were crossing a small wooden bridge over a small stream, he stopped again.

“H-hey, Onodera,” Raku turned around, making sure she saw him stop so she wouldn’t bump into him again.

“Y-y-yes, Ichijou?” Onodera asked, trying her best to maintain composure as her bladder screamed at her.

Why are we stopping? No no no! Let’s keep walking! I want to pee!

“H-here!” Raku pulled out a box and held it out in front of Onodera, “It’s your birthday present. I’m sorry I didn’t give it to you yesterday! I had it, I just… I was worried you wouldn’t like it!”

Raku was blushing something fierce, and Onodera would’ve been touched, but she had to pee so badly at this point that she barely registered. All she could feel was her intense desperation, and the flowing water beneath them did nothing to help her situation. Her bladder felt uncomfortably distended, pressing down against her muscles as it tried to force all that pent up pee out of her.

She took the box and smiled, as if on autopilot. “T-thank you, Ichijou! I-”

Suddenly, a particularly violent spasm struck Onodera’s strained bladder, and she doubled over. She let out a desperate gasp and jammed her hand between her legs, pressing her thighs together tightly, to prevent herself from leaking.

“O-Onodera?” Raku asked, looking rather confused at her sudden outburst.

Onodera lit up a shade of red Raku didn’t know was humanly possible and muttered something he couldn’t quite hear.

“S-sorry, Onodera, I didn’t quite catch-”

“I… I have to pee!” Onodera blurted out, nearly fainting from sheer embarrassment, “I can’t hold it anymore!”

“Oh!” Raku’s eyes widened, “Uh… well, Chitoge’s house is just on the other side of this park! Hurry up!”

Raku grabbed Onodera’s arm and dragged her along as Onodera jammed her other hand down between her legs. Each step was torture, but if she didn’t run she knew there was no way she’d make it to the bathroom on time. Her breath was ragged and her strides were awkward as she tried to press her thighs together between each step. She leaked again into her panties, squeezing her eyes shut as she clamped down with her hand. She sincerely hoped she could slip in quickly and use the toilets before she had an accident.

I should’ve just told Raku I needed to go to the bathroom earlier! Why didn’t I say anything?

Her bladder ached with each step, sending jolts of desperation through her whole body. Raku pulled her along and guided her as she focused solely on holding it in and running. Unfortunately for her, she failed to notice a root extending out from the ground as they ran past a few trees. She tripped and hit the ground. She let out a desperate cry and clamped her legs shut, curling up in an attempt to hold back the inevitable flood.

She managed to pull herself into an upright kneeling position, with her thighs pressed together and her hands jammed up her skirt, clamping down and trying to alleviate some of the desperation. However, when she lifted her leg to pull herself up, she let out another leak, a longer spurt that forced her to put her leg back down and clamp down even harder.

Beads of sweat were rolling down her forehead and all the pressure in her bladder was mounting. Even after she stopped the spurt, she was still leaking drops and she couldn’t seem to stop them. Her tired muscles were quivering with the effort of holding it in, and she was nearly shaking in desperation.

“Here, Onodera, grab onto my hand!” Raku extended his hand out to help her up, but all Onodera could do was look up at him with tears stinging the corners of her eyes.

“I can’t… anymore…” she looked down, “I can’t hold it.”

She was truly at her limit. She couldn’t move and if she tried she knew the inevitable outcome was the same. Another spurt escaped and she tried in vain to stop it, but she only managed to taper the flow for a second longer. Her bladder gave out completely, and a loud hiss accompanied a strong flow of pee that erupted from between her legs.

Raku blushed and turned around to preserve what was left of her dignity as she tried fruitlessly to stop the torrential flow pouring out of her. Pee flowed out of her and soaked through her white panties.Rivulets flowed down her scrunched up legs and soaked into her knee-high socks, before a puddle started spreading out underneath her, the grass and dirt unable to soak up all her bladder’s contents before it pooled up.

She had to have been peeing for at least a full minute, having not had a proper trip to the bathroom since that morning before school. Her absolute mortification was drowned out only by the blissful relief she was experiencing from finally letting her bladder’s contents drain out of her. When the flow finally tapered off, however, her relief subsided, and was replaced by the dull ache of having held it in too long.

Once Onodera was done wetting herself, it didn’t take her long to snap back to reality, and upon realizing what had just happened, she felt like fainting. Her eyes watered as she was left with nothing but the uncomfortable feeling of damp clothes and the mortifying realization that she just wet herself in front of Raku. Her heart raced in her chest and she wanted nothing more than to curl up into a ball on the ground and die.

What will Raku think of someone like me now? I did something so childish… He probably thinks I’m gross! He’ll hate me forever!

“Hey, Onodera.”

Onodera looked up to see Raku holding out his uniform’s jacket down at her.

“Tie this around your waist, it should cover things up.”

“B-b-but…” Onodera looked up at him, ready to cry at any moment, “I’ll get dirty!”

“It’s fine, it’s kind of my fault anyway,” Raku scratched the back of his head, “I mean, you had to go earlier, didn’t you? But I wanted to give you that present, so I asked you to walk with me.”

Onodera sniffled before grabbing Raku’s jacket and standing up. She tied it around her waist, and just as Raku said, it hid the parts of her skirt that had gotten soaked in pee.

“We should get you home quickly, it’s pretty cold out and you shouldn’t walk around like that.”

Onodera nodded, wiping the corners of her eyes as she let Raku lead the way. As she walked, she remembered the present Raku had given her. She had been so desperate earlier she didn’t even think to open it. She lifted the lid of the gift box up and in it was a silver hair clip with a sparkling pink heart on the end. She blushed looking at it, and looked back up at the back of Raku’s head.

“Thank you, Raku,” she smiled warmly. Then, quietly, like a breath, she added, “I love it.”

And here's the second story with Chitoge!

- The Dinner at Raku's House -

“I can’t believe we have to do this!” Chitoge complained, stomping her feet as she walked home with Raku, “It’s bad enough we have to go on stupid fake dates all the time, but now I have to eat dinner with your dad and stuff?”

“Sorry,” Raku sighed, “It’s some kind of old tradition. My dad told me he did the same thing when he was younger.”

“Sounds really dumb,” Chitoge scoffed.

“Well, at least my dad knows we’re not actually dating,” Raku pointed out, “Hopefully he can help keep the guys in check. They’re probably gonna ask us a lot of embarrassing questions.”

They reached Raku’s house, and neither looked all that enthused to enter. With an audible gulp, Raku opened the door and braced himself.

“Bocchan!” a crowd of yakuza immediately accosted Raku right as he opened the door, “And our honored guest! Welcome home!”

Chitoge forced a smile as her eyebrow twitched. The two were ushered into the main hall, where gruff-looking men with scars and tattoos were seated. Even though they hadn’t greeted Raku and Chitoge at the door, nearly the whole room looked up upon their arrival.

“Bocchan!” They cried out, “We’re so happy you two have been together for so long!”

“Yeah, yeah,” one called out, crying, “Recently, my girlfriend broke up with me, and we only made it a month!”

I swear, being with these guys is the most annoying thing! I’d rather deal with Claude than these brutes!

“Milady,” a familiar voice called behind them. Chitoge’s heart sunk as she turned around to, indeed, find Claude standing behind them, “I thought it improper to leave you unguarded amongst these unruly fellows, so I’ve come to watch over you.”

He adjusted his glasses, then glared daggers at Raku, who gulped audibly.

“Ah, Raku,” Raku’s father entered the room, “Welcome home! Would you mind giving me a hand in the kitchen?

Raku nodded, turning back and flashing Chitoge an apologetic look.

“Actually that’s perfect timing,” Claude smirked, and Chitoge was immediately worried he had something planned, “I needed to talk to Milady privately for a bit. Follow me, if you would.”

Claude escorted Chitoge into another room, and he pointed to some kind of folded up red cloth.

“I’ve taken the liberty to prepare a traditional Japanese kimono for tonight’s dinner. It would only be befitting of a proper lady to honor their traditions while being served as a guest.”

Chitoge looked at the robes and let out a quiet sigh. There was pretty much no way she was getting out of this, not with Claude behind it. Knowing him, it was some hairbrained scheme that would cause both her and Raku a lot of unneeded stress.

“Very well. I’ll change. I’ll call you if I need assistance.”

Claude left the room and Chitoge started to change. She slipped out of her uniform and started putting on the kimono. While she was dressing herself, she placed a hand on her abdomen and frowned.

I have to pee. I should’ve gone before leaving school since I knew I was coming straight here. I’ll just ask where the bathroom is before dinner.

She managed to get most of the robe on, but she wound up needing help. Calling Claude back into the room, they both worked together to tie the sash around her waist. She looked herself over in the mirror once she was finished, and she had to agree there was an air of elegance to how she looked. However, with the kimono came the sash, which pressed on her abdomen slightly. Ordinarily it wouldn’t have even bothered her, but it was now a constant reminder of her need.

“Hey Claude, do you-”

“Dinner’s ready!” one of the Yakuza called, knocking on the sliding door to the room.

“Shall we be on our way, milady?” Claude asked.

Without waiting for a response, he ushered Chitoge to the dining hall. A large Japanese-style table with cushions sat in the center of the room, with two at the end of the table reserved for herself and Raku. She was seated down before she could get a word in edgewise, and she wound up kneeling uncomfortably, fidgeting slightly as she felt the pressure build in her bladder.

Raku then entered the room, wiping his brow of sweat from the heat of the kitchen.

“Hey Kirisa...ki…” Raku gave Chitoge a once-over and his mouth nearly hit the floor. Chitoge suddenly felt self-conscious, and had to resist the urge to yell at him for staring. However, she then noticed Claude carefully observing Raku for his reaction.

Chitoge sprung up and twirled in place to show off her body, “Darling~ what do you think of my kimono? I wore it just for you~”

Raku looked confused until he noticed Claude glaring at him and caught onl, “Oh, honey, you look gorgeous! I’m so happy!”

“Come sit with me, Darling~ I can’t wait to eat dinner with you~!”

Chitoge’s facade nearly cracked and she sat back down. Everything about their silly act made her want to die inside, but more pressing was her little display, which had put a bit more strain on her bladder than she expected.

I have to go worse than I thought! I really need to excuse myself soon.

Raku’s dad and a couple of the guys brought out the food, and it wasn’t long before everyone was digging in. Even Chitoge, who was both uncomfortable with the situation and needing to pee, was always ready to eat. However, it wasn’t long before the conversation started again, and with it, the awkward questions.

Chitoge shrunk further down in her seat with each question. As she was trying to keep herself from blurting out an angry response, she felt a sharp spasm from her bladder. She shifted suddenly and jammed her heel against her crotch to stop anything from leaking.

Red-faced with embarrassment, she stood up, “P-pardon me, I have to go to the bathroom real quick! Sorry!”

She didn’t care how suspicious she looked, she just wanted to get away from the probing questions and empty her full bladder. She shuffled out of the room as calmly as she could manage and entered the hallway. She stormed off down it for a few steps before realizing two things.

One was that she didn’t actually know where the bathroom was.

The other was that someone had followed her out of the dining hall.

She whirled around, only to see Raku following behind her. He approached quietly and the two ducked into another room so they weren’t just standing outside in the hallway.

“Hey, good plan, now we can talk about all those questions those guys were asking us. We should make sure we both know what to say ahead of time.”

Chitoge wanted to say that she hadn’t meant to do that and that she really needed to pee, but a blush crept up on her face at the very thought of saying that aloud to Raku.

“Y-yes! I’m so glad even a moron like you could figure out my plan,” Chitoge blurted out, shifting her legs uncomfortably under the kimono, “Okay, so let’s get our stories straight…”

The two collaborated so both of them had a rough idea of their fake relationship’s origins, meanwhile Chitoge’s bladder was screaming at her. She rubbed her legs together as subtly as she could from side to side. She was definitely desperate at this point. She and Raku were nearly done planning, so maybe she could slip off to the bathroom.

“Okay, that’s settled, then,” Raku nodded, affirming their final point, “Okay, we should head back before we’re gone too long.”

“W-wait, hang on!” Chitoge started to protest, but Raku grabbed her arm and she was forced back to the dining hall.

Chitoge sat down again, shuffling uncomfortably as she held it in. She had her heel jammed between her legs to provide some semblance of relief, but it was getting harder and harder to focus on anything other than her desperation. She internally cursed at Raku for taking away her one opportunity to go, and now that she had already excused herself once, she wouldn’t be able to use the same excuse again.

She was on autopilot as she and Raku navigated the embarrassing questions, picking at the remains of her dinner as she thought about what to do.

I can’t just go. It was embarrassing enough excusing myself the first time, and Claude would get suspicious if I asked to go a second time. I’ll just have to hold it in as discreetly as possible and hope this ends soon!

Unfortunately for her, the dinner seemed to drag on as she got more and more desperate. She found it harder to hold it just by shuffling her legs and squeezing her thighs. She barely even cared that they were being asked embarrassing questions.

Don’t come out! I have to pee so bad! I’m such an idiot for not going earlier! I need to pee I need to pee!

As Chitoge suffered silently, everyone else finished their food. Not a moment too soon, either. Chitoge was struggling to hold it in, sweat dripping down the side of her face as she clamped her legs together. She had a couple of close calls, but somehow she had managed to stay dry underneath her kimono.

However, now was the task of standing up, and suddenly Chitoge realized that it would be a challenge to do so while remaining dry. She carefully raised one leg and pushed herself off the ground. Her bladder spasmed in protest and she struggled to hold on, letting out the smallest of leaks as she rose. She managed to play it off without looking too awkward, but she was definitely shaky. There was still the matter of her finding a bathroom, but at least now she could excuse herself without raising too many suspicions.

“Bocchan!” one of the members called, grinning, “Could you help us out with the dishes?”

Raku nodded, “Sure thing!”

“Oh, Kirisaki!” another one called, “Earlier you said you were going to study with Bocchan tonight before going home, do you want me to escort you to his room?”

Chitoge hadn’t remembered saying that, but her mind had been preoccupied with holding it in, so she probably wasn’t paying attention. On the bright side, it did give her a chance to slip away to the bathroom.

“Sure, thank you!” Chitoge put on a shaky smile and followed him out of the main hall.

Walking was a daunting task, but soon they had made it to Raku’s room, and the man who escorted her let her inside. Her plan was simple at this point. Enter the room, wait for him to leave, then make a mad dash to find the toilets and hope she didn’t get caught snooping.

However, upon entering the room, Chitoge noticed two things. One was that this was probably not Raku’s bedroom. There was a single futon set up in the center of the room and not much else, and worse still, someone had scattered rose petals around in the shape of a heart.

Chitoge’s eye twitched and she grit her teeth. She had been tricked. She was about to ask what the deal was, but then a surprised Raku was shoved into the room, and he nearly toppled into her as the door was slammed shut behind him.

“Good luck, Bocchan~!” the voice sung from the other side of the door.

“Hey! Kihara! Get back here!” Raku called out angrily. He tugged on the door, only to find that it wouldn’t budge, “Sorry, these guys are morons.”

“What are those brutes thinking, locking us in here!” Chitoge yelled, clenching her fist as she glared daggers at the door. It was all she could do not to immediately grab herself and double over in desperation.

What am I gonna do? If we’re locked in here with no bathroom…

Chitoge desperately scanned the room, looking for another door or a window to no avail. Her heart sunk as she soon came to the realization that she was truly, properly stuck here. Her bladder spasmed again and, without the luxury of holding herself, another small leak escaped into her panties. She bit back a desperate moan as she struggled against her body.

I have to hold it! I can’t wet myself in front of Raku, and there’s no way I can let him know I have to pee!

“Hey, Kirisaki, you look a little red, are you feeling alright?” Raku asked.

“Y-y-yes! Of course I’m fine, you stupid beansprout!” Chitoge shot back.

“You seem pretty shaky, maybe you should go lie down,” Raku offered.

“N-n-no! I’m fine! Really!” Chitoge lied, squeezing her thighs together as she fought back another wave of desperation, “We’re not in front of the others anymore, so you don’t have to pretend to be all concerned about me!”

“I wasn’t pretending, I know we’re not actually dating, but you’re still my friend, you know? I care about you!” Raku shot back.

At any other time, Chitoge probably would’ve taken that to heart and muttered a half-hearted apology, but in her current state it was taking all of her willpower not to wet herself right here.

This is bad! I’m at my limit! I can’t hold it anymore! I can’t be stuck in here any longer!

Chitoge grunted in frustration, “Move beansprout! I’m gonna break the door down!”

“W-wait! Hold on, Kirisaki!” Raku called out.

Chitoge wouldn’t listen. She swung her leg back up and prepared to kick the sliding door off of its tracks. However, her bladder sent her another hard spasm and she immediately jammed her leg back down. A leak spurted out from between her legs, and she was forced to jam her hands between her legs just to stop it. She could no longer hold it without holding herself, but she was forced to turn away from Raku to hide it.

“Are you okay?”

“I’m fine, I just-”

Chitoge gasped again as another spurt escaped. This one was larger this time, and she could feel her tired muscles giving out. As much as she wanted to, there was no holding it in anymore.

“A-ah! No! No no no!”

With one last, desperate plea, she tried to clamp down on her crotch and hold back the inevitable. Not a moment later, the dams burst and she started peeing. She let go of the kimono too late, the front soaked in pee where her hands had jammed it into her crotch. Her pee splashed on the ground with a loud splatter, streaming down like rain from between her legs. She could feel it flowing down the insides of her thighs and soaking into the fabric of the kimono in the back, causing it to cling uncomfortably to her butt. She continued peeing, not daring to turn around and face Raku, who was no doubt watching her wet herself.

It seemed like an eternity had gone by before Chitoge’s full bladder finally started sending waves of relief over her. She bit back a sigh and had to steady herself by placing a hand on the wall as she continued peeing. The puddle on the floor grew ever bigger as her flow continued at full force. She wasn’t even sure how long it was before it tapered off. Eventually, she had emptied herself completely, and the only sound that was left was the sound of stray drops of urine dripping off of her soaked kimono and her legs.

If she weren’t completely, utterly mortified, she’d be almost impressed. As it were, however, her face lit up three shades of red, and she sputtered incoherently at what just happened.

“K-Kirisaki?” Raku asked in concern.

“You… idiot!” Chitoge tried to yell, but her voice came out far more shaky and less angry than she had meant it, “You… this…. This is all your fault!”

Chitoge turned around to glare at Raku, but she could only hold the glare for a scant few seconds before she felt tears streaming down her cheeks involuntarily.

“Sorry, I should’ve realized sooner,” Raku apologized earnestly, “I’ll be more careful next time.”

No, it’s my fault! I didn’t say anything to you! You had no way of knowing! I even yelled at you when you asked if I was okay!

Chitoge wanted to say, but she couldn’t bring herself to.

Raku then banged on the door louder, “Hey, Kihara! Get back here!”

The man who locked them in the room returned, and Raku forced him out of the room before he could see Chitoge’s accident. He then began chewing him out, scolding him like a child. Chitose called him beansprout, and made fun of him for being weak, but when it came to standing up for his friends...

When it comes to standing up for me, Raku’s really strong-willed.

