[Commission]: Selene`s Bladder - Boon or Bane?

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2025-05-31 11:15

Hi All! It's time for yet another tale of fantastical pee desperation story! Meet Selene, her husband and the return of the Bladder Fairy!

Warning! Contains extreme desperation. If this not your stuff, please turn back.

If you would like to commission such stories with illustrations, please DM Me! On to the story now...

###

Chapter 1: Leon’s hands worked the steel clasps of the corset, dragging them tight over Selene’s strained, overfull abdomen. The metal ribs pressed ruthlessly into her swollen bladder, forcing a shaky breath out of her. Selene bit down on her lip, the sweet burn of desperation crawled through her like fire. Her burgundy hair cascaded around her sticking to her sweaty skin. Her enormous silicone tits could barely contain inside the bustier corset and squeezed her breathless. She was already trembling, tiny, involuntary shudders running through her legs and gut, every nerve screaming for release after spending for over a day without a piss. “Stop squirming Selene!” Leon said sternly. She nodded and immediately tilted her chin up, swallowing the quake in her thighs, forcing her face into a smirk of absolute superiority.

“Fuck you bladder! Stop embarrassing me in front of my husband!”. She often talked to her bladder and why wouldn’t she. She could feel her bladder sliding and wobbling inside her like a living thing, getting squeezed under the corset’s steel bones. “Leon thinks I’m at my limits, I must prove him wrong.” She dug her nails onto the dresser for support. "That the best you got, baby?" Selene taunted with tension in her voice as he kept tightening the knots, "I want it…<unhhhh> TIGHTER."

&&

“Is that so?” Leon smirked, “Brace yourself babe! Don’t complain if you pass out!” He sucked in his breath and pulled the laces with all his beastly strength. The room filled with the sound of laces and fabric sharply ripping against each other. Selene’s eyes nearly popped out in pain as she watched her waist reduce from 24 to 20 in just a second. Leon watched her reddening face through the mirror. She was doing her absolute best to hide her pain, but the sweating, her shudders and the clenching of her jaws gave it away. Her head hung low, and she held her breath, clenching herself as hard as she could.

“You asked for it babe! Don’t tell me you can’t take it…” Leon grabbed her by the waist and turned her towards him, raising her face by her chin.

“I…”, She gulped, “I can take it…” She stuttered.

“You don’t have any other choice either Selene…You are not allowed to pee without my permission”

“You don’t have to remind me Leon!” She slyly smiled and gave him a passionate kiss. Leon pinned her to the wall trying not to jostle his own raging bladder. But she had other ideas. She pulled him closer and started grinding his manhood with her thighs. He shuddered as pee rushed to the tip of his throbbing manhood. His trousers dug brutally into his solid, raging bulge. The sudden jerk and the embrace with Selene sent a searing jolt through his bladder. “DAMN! I’m gonna pop at this rate!” The thought clouded his mind as he gritted his teeth. A bead of sweat slid down his spine. “But I’m not giving up. I can’t expect her to hold it, if I can’t do it myself!!” He curled his fingers around Selene’s waist, feeling the shudders of her body, under the steel cage of her corset. “I HAVE to outlast her.” He gulped down in determination.

Selene dragged her nails up his swell, "I see…you are still holding for me honey?" she whispered into his ear, her voice dripping lust. “I’m flattered!"

Downstairs, the manor was lit. A pool of nearly hundred guests, chatting among themselves, sipping wine, laughing a little too loud, shifting a little too often on their feet. The grand hall was magnificent and screamed opulence, but all anyone could think about was their own bladder and no bathroom inside the manor. Everyone knew the rules. No bathroom breaks. Not tonight. Selene and Leon had made sure of it when they built the manor, the only working toilet was an outhouse across the sprawling lawn, nearly a ten-minute walk in the dark. And anyone who dared to sneak away before the anniversary toast would never be invited back. It was a mark of honour to suffer, to endure. To impress them. And they were watching.

Selene stood near the central staircase, looking like a goddess in her blood-red gown. Leon pulled her corset so tight it visibly made her look wasp thin and highlighted the swell of her bladder. It was rock-solid and could not be compressed any more or so she thought. Leon towered beside her, his tailored black suit and black trousers, did nothing to comfort him. The waistband of his trouser dug into his bulge and the tight briefs under painfully squeezed the bulge in his crotch.

"Selene, you look... divine," a young heiress stammered, her cheeks flushed pink, her knees pressed together tightly under her slinky dress. "I don't know how you do it. I’m already... I mean, it's barely been two hours and I'm," she cut herself off, shifting uncomfortably as her bladder spasmed hard enough to steal her breath. Selene smiled slowly, predatorily, sipping from her champagne flute like she didn’t have liters of piss boiling inside her. "Discipline, darling," she said smoothly. "And a very, very strong bladder." She let her free hand glide down her steel-ribbed corset, pressing into the rigid, bladder-crushing frame. The girl whimpered quietly at the sight.

The whole room was a frantic mess, and the drinks surely got them full as commanded by the couple. Around them, guests gasped and fidgeted. A woman in the corner bent over slightly, her massive bladder bulging against her dress, whimpering as she fought to keep control. Another guest fanned himself furiously, his legs bouncing out of rhythm with the music. A few others paced in tiny circles near the walls, trying to keep it discreet, their desperate whispers and trembling hands giving them away. Everywhere, bodies strained and fought and suffered, honouring the couple's obsession with discipline and control. They were the standard. Selene bit her lips as her mind split between the boiling piss inside her and the need to appear like a Goddess. She could feel the corset pressing right where it hurt the most and pushed more pee towards her pee hole with every step. She didn’t notice that her body was acrhing slightly forward.

Leon caught her wince, as she emptied her wine. He leaned close, lips brushing her ear. "Careful, babe," he murmured, voice like gravel. "I should not see you wince again."

Selene turned her head, their faces inches apart, her breath shuddering from the crushing need. "Thanks for pointing out, won’t give you the chance again" she forced a smile.

A little later, their squirming lady-butler discreetly rang a soft bell, signalling the dinner course was about to be served. Leon stepped back and offered Selene his arm, trying to keep his body as steady as possible. She took it gladly, her nails digging into his forearm with just enough force to hurt. Their bladders contained nearly 27 hours’ worth of pee and yet they smiled, perfectly poised, bracing for two more agonizing hours of sipping, eating, laughing, pretending like they weren't seconds away from losing it. As the dinner progressed, the outbursts began, a woman in a silver dress lost it first, collapsing to her knees in a puddle that spread across the marble like a dam bursting. Another man, some tech CEO, gasped loudly and doubled over, a hot gush pouring down his tailored slacks as the humiliation lit up the room like fireworks.

Selene watched it all through smokey eyes, maintaining the perfect smirk on her face. But inside, she was no different. Her bladder felt like it had doubled in size after all the wine. Even when she breathed she could hear the fabric creaking. She was shuddering and recrossing her legs every few minutes. She was holding on by a single, thin breath. And Leon? He looked like he could burst through his pants. His broad shoulders were locked tight, his fists clenching and unclenching on the table. His bladder bulge jutted hard against the buttons of his trousers, obscene and impossible to miss. His cock was fully erect from the pressure and pinned painfully in place. They knowingly looked at each other. But neither gave in. They smiled, they nodded, they mocked the poor guests who flooded themselves in shame.

Nearly 3 in the morning, finally, the last guest stumbled out the door, dripping and broken, mumbling some half-assed compliment about the couple’s "legendary control." The heavy front doors shut with a loud echo and then silence fell. Selene exhaled shakily, her knees buckling inward before she forced them straight again before he could notice. She wobbled toward the staircase. Her breasts tightly squished against the corset threatened to pop out as she took her jerky steps. Leon limped after her, He was red-faced, veins popping in his neck, his entire body locked up.

Selene shot him a pleading look, "Happy Anniversary Darling! Having a good time watching me hold it for this long. Hope you liked this gift.”

"Happy Anniversary to you too, Selene," he grunted, with a shaky voice, "Thirty-three hours is decent..."

“Just say the word Leon, I won’t disappoint you…” She spoke too fast, eager to prove him wrong.

Just then they saw a huge glow coming from the window. They squinted their eyes to see what was happening but in vain. And then suddenly the doorbell rang. The sound was startling, and Selene hastily clawed her nails into Leon’s biceps for support. Her legs were nearly giving away. "What the hell!" she hissed and grabbed Leon’s arm tightly. “Please get it honey! I can’t move much in this hobble skirt!"

Leon let out a low, broken laugh. "Oh, sure," he said, bending slightly at the waist, hands gripping the polished railing, fighting the monstrous pressure. "Let the guy carrying a swimming pool in his gut walk the whole fucking house." He said sarcastically.

“Did I ever complain when you ask me to hold longer than we originally agreed for?” She snapped.

He grunted and waddled to the door. “She’s right though. I wish I had the kind of control that she has!” Loen by no means had a small bladder. His waistband was visibly stretched around the massive, throbbing bulge at his front. His balls hurt and sweat dripped off his forehead. Ever since they got married he had been trying to keep up with her. He has always managed but just by a slim margin. Today he was not so sure. He looked around hoping to call some staff but they were nowhere to be found. The maids had long since abandoned their posts, fleeing to the outhouse to save themselves from wetting inside the manor. He reached the front door, resting one hand on the wall to keep from falling. His cock pulsed madly in his pants. He took a deep breath, straightened up and wrenched open the door, forcing a tight, strained smile onto his face.

Chapter 2:

Leon’s jaw nearly hit the marble. Standing at the door was a woman so outrageous she looked like a hallucination, if hallucinations could drip sex and desperation at the same time. She had thick dirty blonde hair playing around her shoulders in wild, messy waves. Her skin was flushed deep red, glistening with a fine sheen of sweat. Her full, pouty lips were a glossy, hot pink, parted slightly in a strained smile.

But it was her outfit that slammed into Leon like a freight train. The tightest, tiniest yellow leotard clung to her like a second skin, the material so thin it was practically painted on. Over it floated a ridiculous excuse for a frilly dress, sheer, tiny, glittering, and absolutely useless at hiding anything. Her neckline plunged so low that even Selene, with her huge boobs squeezed into a corset, would look practically conservative next to her.

Her breasts were massive, cartoonishly huge and bolted high on her chest, shining with glitter and sweat, straining hard against the taut yellow fabric. Every breath made them squish up and down, nearly popping free. And below that, even more obscene, her belly bulged out round and tight, grotesquely swollen, stretching the thin leotard. It was the kind of bulge you’d see on a woman halfway through pregnancy... except it wasn’t a baby she was carrying. It was pure, raging, boiling piss. Her legs were locked together in a double twist, thighs trembling violently under the negligible frills of her fairy dress and yet her face had a smile plastered.

Leon could smell her desperation, see the tiny shudders coursing through her body as she fought to keep it together. She shifted on her clear platform heels and clutched the doorframe for support. "H-Hi, I’m Despy," she introduced herself re-crossing her legs even tighter, "The Bladder Fairy, for your... ten-year celebration..." Leon blinked, momentarily forgetting the pressure crushing his own cock and bladder. He had a massive HARD ON as he ogled at her gigantic boobs and equally huge bulge at her midsection.

From the staircase behind him, Selene’s strained, mocking laugh echoed.

"Who is this… bombshell?" she spoke, holding onto the railing for dear life.

&&

Leon coughed out a broken laugh, almost doubling over as his bladder spasmed. Despy looked at Leon lustfully and whispered to him, “You are doing good Leon, but you won’t last long.” He glared at her as she stepped in with small, measured steps.

"You came to the wrong fucking house, fairy," he countered, “We don’t have bathrooms in here!”

“Who says I’m looking for one?” Despy said with a husky but strained voice, biting down on her luscious pink lip.

Selene, legs pretzeled at the top of the stairs, chimed in cruelly, "Bring her in, Leon! Let’s see how much of a Bladder Fairy she really is." As she wobbled her way down the staircase, she could hear pee sloshing inside her bladder. “I can hold it…I can hold it…” She kept telling herself. Her thighs were glued together so tight she could barely lift her legs. Her corset’s steel ribs digging mercilessly into the melon-sized swell of her bladder. “God! This is getting difficult!” Selene thought to herself.

“I know it’s difficult for you Selene,” Despy slowly said, “But I think you can still hold for way longer!”

Selene was shocked to hear her words. “Can she read my thoughts?”

“I can…” Despy said, gritting her teeth.

Selene nearly tripped hearing that. Leon lurched forward to catch her. Selene sagged against his body, grabbing his arms with clawed fingers. "Stop squirming," he ordered her. Selene somehow pulled herself upright, clinging to Leon like a lifeline. "Alright, Fairy," she spoke, sweat trickling down her temple. "You are clever, we…get that? You still need to prove you’re real."

“That’s very rude of you…especially to someone, who brings a gift!” Despy continued patiently and massaging her grotesquely bulging midsection. "But I understand how skeptical humans could be. So, I want you to squeeze my waters, as HARD as you would like," Selene and Leon drooled, looking at her pulsing, rock-hard dome straining under the thin yellow leotard. Despy herself grabbed their hands, Leon’s first, then Selene’s, and slammed them both onto the tight, burning surface of her bladder. Both of them gasped.

As soon as they touched her bulge, an ungodly, excruciating pressure rammed their bladders. “This is what I’m holding,” Despy said with a strained voice. It was hot, trembling, solid as concrete, yet somehow still sloshing dangerously inside her. Her body shuddered as the couple squeezed her. It was an unbearable effort to hold back what had to be eons worth of boiling piss but Despy stood unfazed. Selene whimpered aloud before she could stop herself, the feel of Despy's tortured bladder making her own cramp violently in sympathy. She raised her knees, twisted her ankles, bobbed up and down furiously trying to prevent anything from leaking. “I..I’ve never felt anything like this before!” Selene muttered. Leon staggered, his hand throbbing on Despy’s swollen belly, his cock leaking precum in his tight rubber briefs from the brutal double wave of pressure, his and hers, smashing into his overloaded muscles. "Fuck me," he choked out. “This is amazing!”

Despy squeezed her eyes shut as she too could feel how overfull they both were, how Selene’s legs quivered uncontrollably under her hobble gown, how Leon’s entire body tensed like a man about to pass out. “They’re crazy”, Despy thought wildly. “They’re actually still fighting.” She was beyond impressed, and wildly turned on by their iron will. Any normal human would've burst by now just from touching her belly. Not them. The couple locked eyes, both seconds from disaster but neither willing to be the first to give up. Despy bit her lip hard, as she felt their pressure too.

Then, Leon leaked. It was just a drop, but it was enough. Despy felt it through her magical senses. Her eyes widened, but she said nothing. She let it slide. For now. Then with a shaky breath, Despy gently let go of their hands, stepping back, almost toppling as she fought her own bladder’s desperate death throes. Selene hurriedly took the couch, gasping, and desperately trying to grab herself. Leon followed a second later, slumping down beside her, doubled over, a hand tightly gripping his thighs.

“Selene…what are you doing! Stop acting like a schoolgirl!” He grunted, still fighting to not look weak in front of Selene.

&&

“I’m trying Leon! My bladder feels like….It was nuked!” Selene slowly straightened herself, shifting her weight from one butt cheek to the other. Her corset cut further deep into her bladder, sending waves of agony through her swollen abdomen. She clutched the edge of the couch with white-knuckled fingers.

For the next couple of minutes, neither said a word. Just the sound of ragged breathing and the rustle of fabric strained past its limits, filled the room.

"F-fuck," she stammered, voice breaking. "I... I c-can't..hold..."

Leon grunted beside her, forehead slick with sweat, thighs bouncing like pistons. His cock was rigid, his briefs damp from that earlier leak, though he hadn't dared acknowledge it yet. His voice came out low, savage. "NO! HOLD IT IN SELENE! You are…Not…allowed to go yet!”

Chapter 3:

Despy stood in the centre of the room, clenching her muscles as tightly as she could. No other humans had ever impressed her or added to her desperation when she felt them. Her clit quivered with arousal looking at Leon, but she knew her purpose. Her voice was strained but clear. “You cannot say that Leon!” Despy said. Selene and Leon immediately turned toward her.

“I hope.. she doesn't know that I leaked a drop”, Leon thought to himself. Neither of them spoke.

“You leaked Leon!” she said. “Only a drop. But it counts.” Leon choked, slamming a fist down on the armrest of the couch. He couldn’t even look up to ask her how she knew. Couldn’t meet the gaze of Selene. His briefs didn’t even have a wet spot; the leak was that tiny. But that was enough for Despy to expose him.

“It’s ok…It’s ok Leon. See I’m still holding it… Like I always say, longer than you.” Selene moved closer to Leon and whispered to him, her words were a mix of pride and cockiness. She herself was on the verge of spurting but she didn’t leak. Not one drop. She rocked back and forth, clutching her gown tightly and panting through clenched teeth.

Despy cleared her throat or maybe gasped. It was hard to tell. She was on the edge herself, but she straightened with effort and looked directly at Selene. “You both have impressed me,” she said. “More than anyone ever has.” Selene wiped her forehead with a trembling hand. She gave a nod, unsure what else to say. Her body was seconds from tearing itself apart, but she was high on pride.

“Like I said earlier, I bring a gift, and you proved that you are worthy,” Despy said. Selene’s eyes narrowed. Her thighs rubbed together slowly and her nether burnt. She could barely sit still, but the idea of a reward made her straighten slightly. “A boon,” Despy continued. “I can give you the strength to hold your pee. Forever.”

Selene blinked and gripped her knees tightly eager to know more. Her nipples tightened visibly through the corset. “You mean… I’d never have to pee… like him?” She slyly grinned at Leon.

Despy smiled faintly. “Exactly. You’d be able to keep holding. No matter how bad it gets. No leaks. No accidents. Just complete control.”

Selene nearly came in her thong hearing that. Her fingers pressed deep into her thighs. It was everything she had ever wanted. To always be full. To always be clenching.

“But,” Despy said softly, stepping closer, “this doesn’t mean you’ll stop feeling the desperation.”

Selene’s gaze flicked upward, locked on Despy’s face.

“You’ll feel all of it,” Despy said. “Every pulse. Every ache. Every drop building inside you. Your bladder will not grow in size but the pressure will. Every day. Every hour. The weight. The heat. The pressure. It’ll keep increasing. You’ll just… never lose control. As long as you don’t pee.”

Selene’s heart pounded with anxiety. Her bladder screamed. Her sphincters contracted violently to push the pent-up pee like a reflex action. “And if I pee?” she asked, trying to hold on for just a little longer.

Despy’s smile faded. “The boon is gone. Forever. One relief… and it’s over. You will go back to your normal self.”

Silence. Selene stared at Leon with expecting eyes. Even though they both ferociously competed with each other, they both had a common point of view that Selene should be the one who must always stay under control. Her face was of pure hunger rather than a killing need to pee, “Leon…”

“TAKE IT!” Leon yelped at once. “There’s nothing more that I want…I want to see…always under control, even if I can’t” He was staring at Selene like she was becoming something mythical, something terrifyingly sexy. The thought of her never peeing again. Always full. Always desperate. Always commanding. It aroused him beyond belief. Selene’s hand slid down her belly, fingers tracing the hard arc of her boulder-like bladder. It hurt. She was dizzy. She hadn’t peed in nearly a day, and a half and her muscles were already trembling from the strain. But the idea of never letting go. Of carrying this pressure forever was their ultimate dream.

She moaned softly, “I want it…I want to hold it forever.”

Chapter 4

The first sound was Leon’s ragged grunt. He jolted upright in the bed, his face twisted in raw agony, a strangled moan bursting from his throat. Sweat poured down his temples. His hands shot to his groin, fingers clawing through his trousers as he grabbed his cock with a desperation that bordered on madness. “Ffffffuckkk,” he hissed through clenched teeth. “I’m gonna fucking explode…” His legs kicked against the sheets, his back arched, his entire body vibrating with pressure.

Selene shot awake beside him, her breath catching hard in her chest. Her corset bit into her ribs, her lower abdomen bulged into a hard, full dome under the crushed fabric, her panties soaked with sweat and heat. Her eyes darted to Leon, wide and confused. “What… what the hell?” she muttered. Her voice was husky, thick from sleep and pain. She felt like her body was on fire, her bladder already surging forward, demanding to be emptied. Every organ inside her screamed. But she didn’t let it show. She swallowed the panic. Clenched hard. Straightened her spine.

&&

“Leon?” she said, slower this time. “Was last night real? Was… Despy actually here or,”

“YES!” Leon nearly shouted, his voice cracking mid-sentence. “Selene, fuck, she was real! She made you touch her fucking belly! And then she gave you some, some kind of… fucking magic bladder deal!”

Selene’s mouth fell open. And then it hit her. All of it. The touch. The boon. She sat up straighter, even as her bladder pushed the organs inside. Her belly bulged like she was pregnant. It bulged so high it made her breasts look smaller. For a moment, her eyes fluttered shut. She felt every inch of pressure, from pussy to ribs. She felt like her body was being inflated from the inside. The pain was exquisite just like she always wanted. A slow grin crept across her lips. She turned her head and looked down at Leon red-faced, doubled over, his hand squeezed tight around his cock as he leaked into his briefs again. He groaned and cursed and writhed, his other hand hammering the mattress in frustration. Selene let out a low, breathy laugh. “Aww. Is the strong, proud man pissing himself before breakfast?”

Leon’s face twisted in rage and humiliation. “Shut up,” he spat, his hips grinding into the mattress as another squirt soaked through his briefs. “You don’t get to talk like that, you’re just as full!” Selene arched her back slowly, the leather corset creaking against her skin. She ran her fingers over her taut lower belly, feeling the brutal, rigid bulge rise under her touch. “I am full,” she whispered. “So full I can’t breathe. My insides are fucking screaming. But you know what, Leon?” She swung one leg over him and straddled his thigh, pressing the full weight of her bloated bladder just inches above his leaking crotch. “I’m not losing control.”

Leon moaned, high-pitched and broken. His eyes rolled back for a moment. His cock jerked under his hand, another drop spilling out as the heat of her body pressed down on him. Selene leaned forward, her huge breasts brushing his chest, her face inches from his. “You’re spurting like my younger days, when you wouldn’t let me pee more than twice a day,” she whispered, “While I’m dying and still clenching.”

Leon gasped sharply as her fingers grazed his cock. And Selene clenched harder, every muscle in her body locking down like iron. Her bladder pounded behind the corset, every breath a near-death experience. But she held it in, smiling. Leon couldn’t stop it anymore. He clenched his cock with both hands, hunched over like an animal, but the hot spurts kept coming. She quickly climbed off him and stood beside the bed, her body moving shuddering despite her best efforts to act calm. She couldn’t remember what it felt like to feel light. But her eyes were on Leon now. He sprang up from the bed and yanked off his jacket and shirt in one wild move. He unbuckled his belt and kicked his pants down. His briefs were soaked through.

He looked up at her, red-faced, trembling. “S-Selene… I’m sorry…I couldn’t, I tried..”

“We were never supposed to pee in front of each other,” she said, peeling her corset open slowly. The sweat on her chest glistened, her huge tits bouncing lightly as the pressure shifted in her core. She let the corset slide down her body and then her sweat drenched gown. Her belly was obscene now. The bulge was massive. Pressed tight against her bare skin. Round and high like a bowling ball stuffed under her ribs. She dragged her thong down next, stepping out of it with practiced grace, labia swollen from hours of pressure.

“You have the boon Selene…I don’t! You can hold it easily!” Leon tried to salvage his pride.

“Are you jealous darling?” She purred and stepped toward him, her breasts bouncing gently with the movement. Her clit throbbed from the overwhelming pressure. “I don’t have extra strength. I have just enough to hold it in. That’s all she gave me. Nothing more. I feel every scream from my bladder. I feel every squeeze from my muscles. I can’t take a deep breath without wanting to piss a river. And I’m still dry.”

Leon’s hand slipped. A hot, long leak burst into his briefs. He was aroused and bursting at the same time. His body sagged forward. Selene leaned in, her breasts brushing his chest. “You know what, Leon?” She grinned wide. “I want you to make it hard for me. I dare you. Turn me on. Tease me. Do everything you can to break me, live your fantasy while I live my best life” She stepped back and spread her legs slightly, the bulge rising between her hips like a monument. “I’ll hold it,” she whispered. “For days. For weeks. Forever.”

Leon couldn’t take it anymore. He staggered out of the bedroom, half naked, one hand gripping his soaked cock, the other slamming doors open as he stumbled through the hallway. His bladder was a warzone. Every step felt like knives slicing his core. His briefs were drenched. The moment he saw the trash can in the corner of the study, he dropped to his knees in front of it, yanked down his waistband, and let go. The hiss was thunderous. Violent. Relentless.

Selene sat frozen on the bed, her body locked, her eyes wide and her core pulsing with brutal need. The sound hit her like a dagger. The thick rush of Leon’s piss echoed down the hallway. She clenched everything. Her bladder spasmed violently. Her muscles burned. Her lower belly jumped under the pressure. She grabbed the bedsheet and curled it in her fists, jaw clenched so tight her teeth hurt. Her pussy pulsed with heat. Her whole body shook. Her bladder screamed for release. That sound… that sound of hot piss flooding out of Leon in heavy, brutal waves—it was torture. But it was also arousing.

She was soaking wet, and not from pee.

With a shaking breath, she forced herself upright and walked to the en suite bathroom. No toilet. No relief. Just a mirror and a stone-floor rain shower. She stepped inside and turned the knob. Ice cold water hit her body instantly. She screamed. Her back arched, her legs kicked, her bladder convulsed. The cold ran over her tits, down her trembling stomach, across the dome of her overloaded bladder. Her skin went red from the shock. Her knees buckled. And yet, she held it.

One hand slid down her belly, past her soaked skin, across the mound of her screaming bladder. Then lower. She moaned, eyes closed, lost in the agony, the control, the unbearable pressure. This was her life now. Her fingers pressed deeper between her legs. She imagined days like this. Weeks. Months. She imagined being plugged and dressed and teased by Leon. She imagined holding through dinners, flights, red carpets, photo shoots, parties. Always bursting. Always perfect. Always untouched. She came hard, moaning into her hand, her bladder convulsing under her skin, but she didn’t let go. Not even a drop.

When she stepped out of the shower, her skin red and raw from cold, her body trembling from exertion, Leon was waiting at the door. He leaned against the frame, wrapped in a towel, still flushed, still breathing heavily from his earlier relief. In his hands, he held an outfit. Black leather skirt. A white thong bodysuit with a collar. And something small, glinting in his palm. A diamond butt plug.

He raised an eyebrow. “Here,” he said, smirking. “Your outfit for the day.”

Selene said nothing. She stared him down, sweat already starting to bead at her temples. Leon whispered, “While I may not be able to hold with you, I’m certainly going to test you. Dress you. Make you sit. Stand. Bend. Drink. Walk that swollen bladder all over this estate. I will keep you on your toes!”

She grabbed the glittering plug and pushed it in with a low gasp. “Ohhh!” She bit her lips as the huge metal blob slid into her freshly bathed butt hole. It was a dangerous thing to do, given that she had to loosen her muscles enough to slide it in without losing control to hold a bucket-load of pee. Her muscles cramped from the dual assault of arousal and pressure. Her entire body clenched around the intrusion, but she didn’t quit and finally shoved it inside. Everything suddenly felt ten times tighter down there and made it difficult to clench. But the game was far from over.

She reached for the white thong bodysuit and slowly bent forward. The pain intensified behind her pee hole as if pee rushed and sloshed with her movements. She was careful not to compress her bladder too hard, but the motion alone made her bladder spasm. She stepped into the suit delicately, pulling it up her long, quivering legs inch by inch. The fabric stretched painfully over her bulging bladder, snapping into place against her skin like a second, skin. Then came the skirt. Skintight, deep blue leather. She hooked one leg in, then the other, wincing as she began to shimmy them upward. After each tug and jump, she felt like a drop was about to spurt. She paused midway, her legs crossed tightly, her hands gripping the waistband with white knuckles.

“Hurry up. We don’t have all day,” Leon murmured, his voice low and devilish.

“I swear to god, if you rush me—” she whispered.

“Or what?” Leon straightened her and grabbed her chin. “You will hold it! For me!”

Selene shuddered as she took a deep breath and yanked the skirt up with a single, brutal jerk. Her bladder spasmed violently as the waistband snapped over her hips, squeezing her bulge between the tight leather and her trembling muscles. Her ass cheeks clenched hard, squeezed into the unforgiving grip of the skirt, and the thong beneath sliced deeper between her cheeks. Her belly now looked carved out of marble, round, rock-solid, visibly split in two by the waistband cinched far too tight. She stood red-faced, body shuddering, legs pressed together with agonizing precision.

“Happy? Now do you worst” she said to Leon cockily.

Leon stepped closer and buttoned her leather skirt with a sharp tug, clinching her bladder into two blobs. “I will”

Chapter 5

Selene sat at the head of the breakfast table, legs glued together under the polished mahogany, fingers gently circling the rim of her glass. Her black leather skirt creaked softly as her thighs clenched tighter, the waistband digging into her swollen midsection like a clamp. She was bursting. There was no other word for it. Her bladder felt like a screaming boiler of piss. And yet, she held her posture like a queen. The white thong bodysuit rubbed against her painfully swollen labia and squeezed her bulge as she breathed. She took another slow sip of her orange juice, and her jaw clenched. Sweat slid down her cleavage in thin rivulets, and the stewardesses standing along the wall exchanged glances. They’d seen Selene hold before, but never like this.

One leaned in and whispered to Claudia, the head of staff. “She hasn’t gone yet? Seriously?” Claudia herself was shaking to hold it in.

Selene caught them. Of course she did. She smirked, and said, “Still going strong. Unless you doubt me, ladies?”

“N-no, ma’am,” one of them squeaked, legs crossed into a pretzel.

As time progressed, Leon got busy. He had his phone tucked between his shoulder and ear, murmuring into it distractedly as he scrolled through a tablet. Selene used the moment to silently and firmly cross her legs again under the table, her leather skirt creaking with the strain. Her bladder squishing tightly under the waistband. The head stewardess, Claudia stepped forward with all the discretion of a gossiping nun and leaned down.

“Ma’am,” she murmured. “If you need, I can... arrange a pot. Or sneak you to the outhouse. Just say the word.”

Selene didn’t blink.

“Sweetheart,” she purred through clenched teeth, “do I look like a woman who needs a fucking chamber pot?”

Claudia flushed. “No, ma’am.”

“Good. Your bathroom break for the day is cancelled. For the rest of the girls too.”

Claudia nearly whimpered. “Y-yes, ma’am.”

&&

Selene turned back to her plate like nothing happened, sweat trickling down her back. Fuck me, this is intense. How long have I been holding? Sixty-three hours? Is my bladder supposed to feel this...always? It’s scarily good!

Leon glanced at her with one eyebrow raised. He could see the tension in her body, the careful way she moved. He said nothing, but his smirk was all I see you struggling, baby girl.

Soon after their breakfast, they flew to the city in their chopper. When it was time to get off, Selene groaned internally. Business meetings were hell. All that sitting, all that tea, all that pretending to be civil. And today would be worse. Leon opened the door and helped her out. She walked stiffly; the black leather skirtsquelched with sweat. Her bulge felt like it was being torn open from the inside. The plug inside her somehow poked her bladder with each movement, and she bit her lip hard to stay composed. “Why do you look so tensed honey?” Leon clasped her hand tightly in the elevator.

“N..Nothing,” She gulped down. “Getting used to the boon!”

“Then act like it…” Leon whispered as they got off the lift. Selene took her cue and tried to straighten herself, but a sharp pang shot through her bulge to her core. She gasped. The delegates around them immediately turned to her. “Almost tripped over my heels!” She excused as she found Leon glaring. Jeez this is getting worse by the minute. Clench Selene clench!

Then she walked in.

Tall. Blonde. With tits so fake they looked inflated with a pump and a thin silk pantsuit that left nothing to the imagination. Vanessa. Leon’s business partner. Selene’s rival. And an absolute bitch. Vanessa strode in like she owned the room, locking eyes with Leon first, then Selene.

“Well, well,” she purred. “Looks like your wife can’t handle mere 6 inches Leon?”

Selene smiled with all her teeth. “Still pretending you can take his 12, Vanessa?”

Vanessa rolled her eyes as they entered the conference room. Selene hated it. She took her seat slowly, her bladder screaming in protest as she lowered herself onto the stiff chair. The meeting started and Vanessa immediately requested for tea. As soon as the first cup was poured she picked it up. Vanessa was leading the table. Selene grabbed one right after and started sipping. She could feel the tea hitting her bladder with every swallow. Her abdomen ached as there was no more room to expand. Her bladder was stretched way beyond its limits, rock-solid, but she couldn’t afford to slow down. Not when Vanessa sat right across from her, smirking and sipping cups like they were nothing.

Vanessa was doing it on purpose. She made eye contact every time a fresh cup arrived, holding Selene’s gaze as she lifted her delicate porcelain to her lips and gulped, dramatically. Selene was not giving up either and they kept knocking off cups one after the other. By the seventh cup, things had started to change. Vanessa subtly squirmed beneath the glass table. Her legs were crossed tightly, her foot bouncing lazily in the air. But Selene caught the tension in her face. The extra blink. The micro-hitch in her breath. Selene somehow downed the eighth cup and looked straight into Vanessa’s eyes. She gulped down, unable to understand how Selene was still holding it. Only if she had any clue about the battle that Selene was fighting. Her muscles clenched so hard it made her vision blur. Her belly gave a sharp cramp as the newest tea hit bottom, sloshing brutally against everything already packed inside. Don’t you fucking dare show weakness now, Selene kept telling herself.

By the end of the meeting, Vanessa’s posture was breaking down. Her crossed legs shifted constantly, her hands fidgeting over her thighs, her heel tapping faster now. She tried to speak up during a recap, but her voice cracked halfway through the sentence, and she coughed, nearly doubling over. The rest of the room didn’t notice, but Selene did. Every shudder. Every strained smile. When the meeting finally ended, everyone stood. Vanessa stood slower than the rest, her thighs clenched tight, one knee buckling for just a second. She fumbled with her tablet, then turned and leaned in close to Selene. “You won today,” she whispered. “But one day, I’ll outlast you. Again. And I’ll make Leon cum like last time.” She hurriedly stormed out of the room towards the ladies.

“Keep dreaming, slut.” She replied with a condescending tone and walked away with stiff-legged grace.

&&

Back at the manor, the door had barely closed when Leon shoved her against the wall. He ogled at her belly. It was swollen dangerously, skin pale and shining with sweat. The leather skirt clung around the mound like shrink wrap. It was the same size as yesterday but definitely felt harder. “Your thighs were shaking through the entire board meeting,” he murmured, brushing his fingers against her waistband.

“I’m adapting,” she growled. “I’ve never held this long?”

Leon pushed her blazer off her shoulders and let it fall. “I don’t care. You are not allowed to show any weakness. EVER.” He kissed her, hard. She moaned into his mouth, grinding her swollen body against him. His hand slid down her back and pressed into her lower belly. She gasped.

“Careful,” she hissed. “I’m...I’m fucking on edge.”

“Like I said,” He grabbed her hair, “NO FUCKING WEAKNESS OR ELSE NO FUCKING!”

Leon shoved her backward onto the couch and pounced straight on her bulge, making her wince. Her legs immediately locked into a pretzel as her body writhed in pain. NO NO NO! I can’t survive without sex! He is right! I am not weak! HOLD IT SELENE! HOLDDDD ITTTTT INNNN!

Chapter 6

That threat of no sex did the trick. Selene locked in and surprisingly her bladder started to obey her commands. She started going to events while drinking like no tomorrow. She was already famous for having a huge bladder, but this was next level for everyone who knew her. Her bladder still screamed, still pulsed with ungodly pressure, but something shifted in her head. The desperation never left but it didn’t control her anymore. She controlled it. Her muscles clamped like iron. Her posture never slouched. The pleasure of being that full, that tight, that swollen, it started turning her on more than anything ever had. The pressure had become her kink and Leon fucked her greedily seeing her strut around with that rock solid mound. Leon was right. Nothing feels better than full bladder sex.

She walked into every event bragging about her iron bladder and drank like she was hollow. Give her wine, cocktails, coffee, tea and anything you can find, and she would down it without hesitation. Everyone around her was in awe and also jealous, especially the ladies. Selene loved it as she flirted around with men, accepting drinks and closing billion dollars of deals with them. She was addicted to the power. The tightness under her navel had become constant but so had the heat between her thighs. She’d never felt more aroused in her life.

Two weeks into her hold, Reema, her wild, flirty old party friend from college, messaged her for a quick meetup. Selene couldn’t resist it. Reema knew about holding kinks and often tried to hold with her. She threw on a jacket and white bodysuit that hugged her body like latex. Her silicone globes bounced freely with every step and nipples poked through the fabric. The projection of her boobs was overshadowed by her bladder. It bulged so high and hard it distorted her waistline. The bottom seam of the bodysuit stretched tight over her lower belly, showcasing the proud, smooth dome like it was a third breast.

Reema’s eyes nearly popped when she saw her. “Selene, what the fuck. You are still on with your holding games?”

Selene smiled and slowly sipped from a massive, iced latte. “Two and a half weeks now,” she said, licking the straw with a casual smirk. “Not even close to done.”

“Bitch! I don’t believe you. You are going fantastical now..” Reema brushed it off.

Selene was used to that reaction, “Someone’s jealous!”

“Fuck you! I can hold it all day with you… In fact, lets see who can last all day, for old times sake.” Selene chuckled and agreed to it.

After a nice expensive brunch, they strolled boutique after boutique. Selene drank constantly green tea, a second latte, a pressed juice, a chilled beer and what not. She loved the way Reema kept side-glancing at her belly, with a mix of envy, awe and panic. She oozed precum every time she swallowed another drink. But she smiled through all of it, high on the sheer power of it. She was soaked, desperate, and unbelievably horny. Reema tried to keep up. She had a tea, then a smoothie, then a beer herself, thinking it would be nothing. But after six hours, she was squirming. Selene could see it in her walk, short steps, thighs pressed, the occasional pause to adjust her tiiny dress. They were standing outside a lingerie shop when Reema stopped mid-sentence, squeezing her thighs together like her life depended on it.

“Selene, babe,” she gasped, shifting her weight, “I kinda need to pee….”

Selene didn’t slow her stride. “And?”

Reema whimpered, following. “It’s been six hours. I had four drinks, and I haven’t gone since breakfast. It’s getting difficult to hold it!”

Selene turned, cocking her head with a smirk. “Then try harder. It was your idea to hold with me, and I agreed. That means you play by my rules now.” She leaned in, lips near her ear. “That means you hold.”

Reema shivered. “You’re getting off on this…”

Selene grinned. “I’m soaked,” she whispered, “but not with pee. I’ve been cumming all day.” Even as words left her thick lips, she could feel her bladder contracting in long, heavy pulses. Her abs were burning. Her core was on fire. She was clenching her muscles after every little spasms. But she stood tall, smiled, and took another sip from her lemonade.

Reema was in shambles. She couldn’t even hide it anymore and grabbed her crotch in public like a little schoolgirl. Selene didn’t break stride. “I’ve got eighty hours of boiling piss inside me and I’m still walking like a fucking goddess. You’re whining after six. Grow up.”

Reema whimpered. “You’re not human. You’re unreal.”

“I’m more than real,” she said softly. “I’m what happens when a woman chooses control over everything else.”

Reema doubled over, holding herself. “I think, I think I just leaked.” Selene paused. Turned. Walked over. Rested a single hand gently on Reema’s shoulder.

“Try harder.” And walked away, with her pee hole still sealed tight. Inside, her body was on fire. She was horny, bursting, soaked but proud.

Later that night she narrated the whole incident to Leon. He was impressed with her dedication, but he wanted more to which she said, “Honey, you will never watch me squirm EVER in your life.”

“Good! I expect no less!” He greedily said and proceeded to give her one of the best sexes of her life....

____________________

Part 2 coming tomorrow!

*004*2025-06-01 03:29

As promised! Here's the 2nd and the final part of the story!

_____________________________

Chapter 7

He kept his eyes on her at all times, at dinners, in meetings, at parties and even when they were in private. He could tell the moment she shifted her weight or crossed her legs too tightly. He wouldn’t say anything in public, but later, behind closed doors, he’d whisper cold warnings. “You twitched twice during that press conference. If you ever flinch again while I’m in the room, you’ll go to bed untouched.” And he meant it. Any sign of struggle and he’d leave her hanging, aching, horny, dripping wet from the desperation, but denied. It was the sex that kept her sane. When she earned it, when she made it through the day without slipping, Leon would fuck her brains out. She lived for those explosive orgasms. She came harder every time. Her swollen bladder made every orgasm hit deeper. It was pain and pleasure tangled together, and it was the only escape she had.

But the in-between hours were brutal. And as the first month rolled by, the pressure started to rise exponentially. How the fuck is it compounding she thought but she wouldn’t dare complain to Leon. There were dinners with foreign royalty where she had to stand still for hours with photographers snapping photos of her from every angle. She smiled through it. Her belly stretched her gown thin, her heels dug into the floor, and every second felt like her body would give out. But she never broke. Her bladder pounded. Her panties were always soaked with sweat and sticky with cum. When Leon asked how was she holding up, “Better than ever!” she would say with slight shaky voice.

At board meetings, she sat beside Leon in pencil skirts and heels, sipping water, pretending to listen to quarterly numbers while her pee hole felt like it was holding a dam behind it. Her waistband bit into her skin. Her hands clenched under the table just to keep still all while watching others taking pee breaks. Leon would occasionally brush his hand across her thigh and whisper, “I hope you don’t need to take a break?” just to see her flinch and tell the others that his wife never peed. She nodded every time, even when her muscles spasmed. “Of course babe! Don’t even feel anything!”

And her outfits, became a nightmare. Nothing fit anymore. Her wardrobe had to be restocked twice that week. Her bladder pushed against the buttons, the seams, the zippers. Her waist and hips had permanent bruises from waistbands and itchiness due to the fabrics rubbing and digging in. Even putting clothes on became a challenge. She needed help just to get into her leather pants or that skirt or even into a bikini. Bending over was out of the question. She found herself gasping for breath if she tried to bend. It feels like a boulder in there. She thought.

When Claudia, her head Stewardess checked in on her, her heart pounded in her throat. But the words that came out were totally the opposite.

“I can't tell you how good this feels Claudia…You should hold more often”,

“Peeing is beneath me darling… I prefer to contain my waters”

“I don’t even remember what a toilet looks like…”

But deep down, worry started to creep in. “Clench Selene”, “you got this”, “you are unbreakable”, “your mind is playing tricks on you” she kept talking to herself. What she didn’t realize was that her bladder contained every drop of fluid she had consumed over the last forty-five days. And there was no way her sphincters would ever have it easy. Her muscles were under constant cramps and her legs felt weak. Her bladder didn't grow in size, but the weight of her bladder felt like someone had hung weights from her waist. The worst was when she was alone. She’d catch herself staring at bathroom doors. Not opening them. Just staring. Imagining the sound of a toilet flushing. She hated that her brain was doing that. She felt weak for even picturing it. She wanted to erase the thought, but it came back. Again, and again. When Leon wasn’t around she shoved her hand in her crotch and clenched her muscles till she passed out.

One afternoon, while dressing for a charity shoot, she nearly passed out. Claudia pulled the corset laces too tight, and she saw stars in broad daylight. Her bladder pushed up into her ribs. Her legs crossed instinctively, and her hand flew to her crotch. A sharp, hot jolt of pressure tore through her lower body, and she had to bite down on her tongue to keep from crying out. Her vision blurred as the steel-belt crushed tighter around her overfilled abdomen. The air felt thick. Her pussy clenched so violently it sent a wave of cum down her thighs.

“Selene,” Leon commanded, “Behave!”

“I…”, She hasped and leaned against the bedpost, her entire body shuddering from the effort to stay upright. Her knuckles turned white on the polished wood. Her inner thighs rubbed together on reflex, trying to suppress the tsunami building inside her bladder. “I almost had an orgasm,” she lied to Leon through gritted teeth. Her body was shining with sweat. Then she turned to Claudia, who was already startled by Selene’s red face and trembling knees. “Tighter,” Selene hissed. “Make it tighter!”

Claudia hesitated. “Ma’am… you’re already…”

“I said make it tighter!” she snapped, glaring through watering eyes. Claudia obeyed, and the moment the laces tugged another inch, Selene felt her bladder move inside her body pushing around other organs. Her bladder convulsed upward under the pressure. The agony was immediate. She clenched every muscle below her ribs to avoid spurting, grinding her teeth so hard her jaw ached. Sweat pooled between her breasts and trickled down her spine. The corset nearly squeezed and hard. The top ridge was pressing just under her ribs, compressing the entire tank of boiling piss inside her like a vise.

Fuck, fuck, fuck. I can’t… breathe! uuunnnggghhh…. I can’t let him see me fold. He’ll not fuck me. I need that orgasm. I need it more than I need to pee.

When they reached the gala, they were bombarded with camera flashes already popping and media rushing to them. Selene stood up straight by sheer brute will. Even bending half an inch made her bladder spasm so violently she had to pause and hold her breath. But her face was composed and a strained smile plastered on her face. Her breasts were squeezed so tightly they rose like mountains under the corset’s top edge, jiggling softly with each tiny step. But beneath the velvet gown, her bladder was trembling. She walked slowly, deliberately, because each movement made the pressure shift and slam into her urethra like a tidal wave.

The first glass of wine nearly undid her. Her jaw locked again. Her breath became erratic, but she had to keep sipping. She had to appear unbothered. Leon was nearby, speaking with the gallery head, but she knew he was watching. He always did. By the fourth glass, her body was on fire. Every nerve below her navel was screaming. Her labia were swollen, and it throbbed under the pressure. She could feel the outline of her bladder pressing into her ribcage. I’m drowning in piss. My bladder’s hitting my underboobs now. I AM DYING TO PEE.

At one point, while Leon was busy talking to an art dealer, Selene stepped away. Her posture cracked. She hobbled into a dim corner, out of the light, and bent over slightly, hands gripping her thighs, her face scrunched in sheer pain. Her entire belly felt like it was going to rip open. She didn’t cry, but she grunted under her breath. She clenched, clenched, clenched. A single drop could end everything at once and the whole hall would be flooded. And no orgasm. No Leon.

She straightened with effort, wiping the sweat from her upper lip, forcing a casual expression as she returned to the party. Her body burned with need. Her insides were boiling. But her face stayed perfect. He said nothing during the ride home. He sat in the backseat with her, silent, unreadable, his hand on her thigh like a warning. She kept her legs parted for him to play with her clit. But he didn’t. She was getting frustrated and gripped the seat under her gown so hard her fingers hurt. I can’t keep my legs parted. I will fucking explode. Yet she endured and finally reached their mansion.

When they walked through the door, she made it just two steps before he shoved her against the wall. Leon’s hand slid under her gown and cupped the massive swell of her lower belly. She whimpered, and bit her lips till they bled. “I saw you in the corner,” he said softly.

Selene was already sweating again. Her jaw clenched. “You said you would never show your needs! This was your dream to become the perfect lady” he murmured, “You better start acting like one.” He tightly squeezed her bladder with his strong rugged hands. Her mouth gaped open but not a word came out. She couldn’t speak. Her bladder was getting squeezed like a hydraulic press, under his palm. Her body shook violently. Her face turned blue with efforts, contorted and dripping with sweat. She was seconds away from losing it but also seconds away from begging him to fuck her. In her head, the war continued. DAMNNNNN!!!! This is unbearable. Why I can’t I enjoy this… This is everything I ever wanted. No! I can’t show weakness. Don’t fucking piss Selene. Not now. Not ever.

“Say it,” Leon growled.

“I’m not allowed to pee,” she gasped as he tightened his grip, “And I won’t.”

He squeezed her harder to the point that he almost flattened her bulge. Her eyes nearly popped out and her body convulsed. Once he let go, Selene collapsed on the floor. Her entire body was spasming. She desperately wanted to grab her crotch and cross her legs but she didn’t dare to. That night he didn’t fuck her. He didn’t touch her. Not a word. The message was clear.

Chapter 8:

Selene’s life had turned upside down after that event. Leon was growing more and more annoyed with her inability to hide her needs. But her woes were far from over. Three months had passed since her last relief. Ninety-one days.

She had held through galas, meetings, parties, flights, photoshoots, and dinners, but now, she was barely surviving her own body. Her mind was unable to comprehend the intensity of the load. Her bladder stretched so tight it felt like her skin might tear apart and still constantly being pumped with more pee. The weight of her bladder crushed her muscles, forced her thighs to stay clenched around the clock, and turned every breath into a conscious act. She had long stopped sleeping properly. The pressure wouldn’t let her rest. Every time she lay down, her overfilled bladder pressed upward into her lungs, making her gasp awake. Her entire pelvis vibrated with heat and ache. Her clit was swollen. Her pussy stayed wet from friction between the pressure and the denied arousal. She could no longer act calm or composed in public and her legs simply refused to stay still. But somehow she was still dry.

One such afternoon. The sun shimmered across the infinity pool, reflecting back into the white stone walls of the villa. Selene was lounging on a deck chair, wearing the thinnest, tightest one-piece swimsuit she could squeeze into, a deep blue number that barely held her tits in place. They heaved softly with each shallow breath, the fabric stretched across her chest like plastic wrap. It stuck out from her torso like a beach ball implanted under her skin. The bottom of the suit was cutting into her crotch, riding up into her soaked slit, completely at the mercy of the pressure. Her legs were locked together at the ankles. Her hips barely moved. Her fingers stimulated her clit, her lips parted slightly, whispering the same words over and over again.

Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Don’t leak. Don’t break. Don’t let him see.

She hadn’t noticed how much her body had started shaking. How her toes curled and uncurled every few seconds. How the sweat rolled between her breasts, under her arms, down her back. She was barely holding it together. And her jaw, it had been clenched for hours.

&&

Then the door slammed open. She was startled and it sent a lightning bolt through her midsection. Her bladder pulsed so hard she had to slap a hand to her thigh to stop herself from clutching her crotch. Leon walked in, sweat-streaked from the afternoon golf round. His grey polo clung to his chest; sleeves tight around his arms. And in his hand, a rolled-up magazine was tightly clutched. He said nothing as he walked across the pool. Fuck, what did I do this time.

Selene tried to sit straighter, suck in her gut, but it was useless. There was nowhere left for the piss to go. He tossed the magazine onto her lap. The rolled pages struck her bloated bladder with a muted thwap, and her whole body jolted. She sucked in air through her teeth, legs locking together even tighter. Her heart pounded behind her ears and stomach churned. She picked up the magazine, with sweaty fingers.

It was some glossy society tabloid. And in the bottom right corner was a clear, zoomed-in shot from the gala few weeks ago. It was Selene. Bent forward. Hands gripping her thighs. Face flushed. Jaw clenched. Eyes unfocused. Her gown pulled so tight around her belly that her bladder looked like it would explode right through the fabric. A strand of hair stuck to her lips. Her cleavage smeared with sweat. She looked like a woman second from losing control. The headline beside her "Power or Pressure?"

Selene’s mouth went dry. Fuck. I remember that second. The wine hit me too fast. I bent to breathe. I thought no one saw. I looked like I was gonna wet myself in front of the fucking paparazzi.

Leon’s voice was calm. Cold. “That’s what’s being passed around. That’s what people see when they think of you now.”

She didn’t look up. “You. Bent. Shaking. Looking like you’re seconds from exploding all over the fucking floor.” Her hands trembled on the magazine. Her jaw tightened further.

“I didn’t know someone took that. It must’ve been some—some fucking perv,” she whispered, forcing composure. But her voice cracked.

“Don’t care,” Leon said sharply. “You chose this life. You chose the boon. You promised you could be the woman who never pees. Never breaks. Never even looks weak.”

Her cheeks burned. Her bladder gave another violent kick. She felt it spasm against her swimsuit, and a burst of heat surged between her legs. She shut the magazine, her knuckles white. Her breathing turned shallow, nearly panting. But she didn’t let him see it.

She stood. Slowly. Painfully. Her body wanted to double over. She forced herself upright. “I’ve been holding for three months,” she hissed, voice shaking. “You don’t get to talk to me like I’m some... some fucking intern.”

Leon stepped up to her, close, pressing against her with that quiet, commanding presence that made her want to cry and cum at the same time. He looked down at her trembling body. “You said you wanted this life. Then start acting like you earned it.”

“I’m trying to be perfect,” she snapped, barely holding back a sob, “but there’s so much pressure..”

“No.” His voice was ice. “You’re far from perfect.”

That broke her. Her hands curled into fists. Her legs bobbing rapidly. Her clit pulsed with the brutal, unbearable mix of pain and humiliation. Her whole body was trembling now.

“You think I’ll let this define me?” she growled. “I haven’t leaked a drop. Not one. I’ll die before I piss.”

Leon said nothing. He just looked at her. And her bladder spasmed again. She nearly moaned with his face merely an inch away from his.

Hold it. Hold it you fucking bladder. Selene gritted under her breath. But she was at the end of her tether. She couldn’t stand still. She couldn’t bend. Couldn’t lie down. Couldn’t do anything anymore. Every muscle below her ribs was clenched in permanent, cramping agony. Her bladder, distended beyond recognition, pressed up under her ribs and out between her hips like a pregnant woman. The skin over it was stretched so thin it shimmered in the light. Her pussy formed a tight cameltoe under her soaked swimsuit, and her legs never stopped shifting weight from one side to the other. This is too much to bear, she thought. Her toes were curled in her heels, and calves burnt. Her face, for all its beauty, was tight and red. Her body was drenched with sweat. She had to look strong. She had to stay dry.

But she wasn’t strong anymore. Her mind was collapsing. I….I need to pee…This is too much! And just then a big spasm suddenly ripped through her bladder. She felt like something explode inside her bladder. She grabbed the marble counter for balance as another unholy wave of pressure ripped through her gut. It doubled her over, her face scrunching in agony as her bladder convulsed inside her. Her thighs locked, her core burned, and her fingernails scraped the surface of the stone as she fought.

NO NO NO NOOOOOOOOO she whispered, tears rolled down her eyes It’s not time. I haven’t earned it. I can’t…

&&

“Selene! STAND UP STRAIGHT FOR FUCKS SAKE!” Leon commanded and pulled her up.

She yelped in pain and grabbed her crotch in front of Leon. But her body didn’t care anymore. She tried to move towards the lounger. One step. Just one. But as her left foot lifted, her muscles spasmed so violently she cried out. Not modestly. Not with grace. She clutched her crotch even tighter with both hands, grinding her palms into the pulsing swollen labia like she was trying to physically block the flood. Her knees buckled inwards, and she dropped to the floor. The sudden thud sent another quake through her abdomen. The enormous, boiling mass inside her screamed to be let out. Her teeth chattered.

“I-I can’t…” she sobbed. “L-Leon…!” Selene’s cheeks burned with shame. She was squatting on the floor like a wild animal, legs trembling, hands buried between her thighs, her tits heaving. Her swimsuit was soaked through—not from pee, not yet—but from arousal. Her pussy was pulsing. Her clit throbbed like it was begging to be touched. She was bursting… and soaking. Her senses were overloaded!

Leon stepped forward to pick her up. “Don’t come any closer!” she screamed, her voice breaking. “I’m...I’m gonna leak, I swear I’m gonna fucking…oh fuck…” Selene screamed again, not in fear, but from another body-wrecking spasm. She doubled over, then flung herself back against the cabinet behind her, arching off the floor. Her back curled. Her legs shot out straight in front of her. Her eyes rolled back.

No no no don’t let go don’t let go don’t…DON’TTTTTTT! Her breath caught.

And then first drop escaped from her iron control. The boon was gone. A boiling, hot jet escaped her nether, piercing through her tired sphincter muscles. She shrieked and slammed her hands harder against her crotch, slumping on the floor, rolling onto her side like a wounded animal. “No, no, no—STOP”

Another spurt. Longer. Hotter. It hissed against the crushed fabric of her suit and started pooling on the marble.. Her bladder glowed yellow and then there was a ripple on her skin. Three months’ worth of pee was waiting to be unleashed as her boon was instantly gone. Leon just watched with disgust and disappointment. Quiet. Stern. Another jet. But her muscles couldn’t bear the load of 100 gallons of super condensed pee anymore. A torrent burst out of her.

Her hands were thrown off her crotch as the pressure was too much to block. Her thighs spread wide, and a violent, steaming stream of piss exploded from her aching nether, gushing across the marble like a burst dam. The hiss was deafening. Hot liquid sprayed between her legs in a thick, endless wave, splashing on the floor, running in all directions. Selene screamed. Her entire body writhed as the release consumed her. Her body was soaked with rivulets of sweat, her eyes fluttered. Her mouth dropped open as if someone was choking her. Her labia quivered wildly with every second of the flood, and with drop of piss, she came – harder and HARDER! One after the other massive orgasms ripped through her. She gasped and cried out, arching, back sliding on the wet marble, one hand now gripping her tit, the other digging into the floor.

&&

The stream didn’t stop. The poolside marble was covered with her pee and started to pour into the pool turning it yellowish. Thirty seconds. Sixty seconds. A minute. It kept going. And going like a hose let loose. Her belly remained the same size, solid, round and jutting out like a pregnant woman despite releasing bucket loads of pee. She could feel her bladder moving inside her torso trying to expel everything at once. FUCKKKK THIS FEELS SOOOOO GOOOD!

Leon walked over to the other side of the pool with a whiskey in his hand. He took a lounger as he ogled at her writhing, trembling Goddess gushing out so much pee. It massively turned him on. He knew she was holding an impossible load of pee but the sheer power of pushing her over the edge made him drool. As Selene continued to gush and the pool turned darker yellow, Despy arrived. Selene was lost in a trance of shudders and orgasms to even notice that. They both watched her empty gallons of pees and so did the whole fleet of maids and stewardess.

Finally, FINALLY, it slowed to a drip to a hiss followed by silence. The whole pool was yellow and smelled of pee. Not that Leon had a problem.

He went over to Selene, who lay there. Sprawled. Panting. Covered in sweat and piss and still climaxing. He carried her to the bedroom and slowly lay her on the bed.

“I….I hope you are not angry with me Leon. I really tried…” Selene whispered. “I will try harder, I swear!”

He kissed her passionately, “This was the best gift that you gave me Selene...It’s my turn now…”

He turned to Despy who followed him. “How did she do?” They both looked at Selene,

“She did excellent…But I know you wanted more..” Despy lay her hand on his belly. “I think she deserves to see you hold it now.”

Leon gladly nodded and the rest is history.

{{1 hour ago, asperman1 said:

Question, so I know what to expect. Is this a holding forever story, where the woman never pees, or will there eventually be release?

}}

I have a feeling you would like the 2nd part. It's got your answer 😄

*006*2025-06-01 06:00

{{9 minutes ago, asperman1 said:

Heh, awesome, thanks!

Not a fan kf hokd forever stories, so glad this amazing one did not go that way, lol

}}

I am happy that you liked it! Hope you would enjoy the rest of my stories too!

*008*2025-06-03 11:15

{{On 6/1/2025 at 11:38 AM, asperman1 said:

Am sure I will!

Am curious, do any feature a pregnant woman?

}}

Looks like I missed your comment earlier. Unfortunately, I have never written about pregnant women in an omo situation...

*012*2025-06-15 10:24

{{On 6/5/2025 at 12:56 AM, story reader said:

This was the best omorashi fantasy I had read so far

}}

Thank you so much buddy! You made my day 🙂

{{On 6/6/2025 at 5:51 PM, Frooger said:

Wow Rex! Absolutely wow! Thank you so much for writing such amazing stories for us!🤩 Love that you brought back Despy the Bladder Fairy, hope we will hear mor from her😊 Thanks agan for this fantastic story

}}

Frooger! My buddy! Thank you for being there for every story!

*014*2025-06-21 11:41

{{20 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

It took me a while but I finally finished the story.It was amazing she held for so long and now we should see a story about the bladder ferry holding it and see how many decades she can hold it

}}

I was wondering why there were no comments demanding this 😉 Now we have it. I am glad you loved the story!

*017*2025-06-22 07:03

You have been heard. Let me see what I can come up with!

*019*2025-06-25 09:20

{{17 hours ago, daisyduke said:

Wow this story was so good! I absolutely love it

}}

Thank you so much daisy! 😍

*021*2025-06-26 01:58

{{4 hours ago, Mistress26 said:

Would we ever see Leon doing the holding with the boon?

}}

I think this is the first time when someone has asked about Leon's desperation. My slots for July are almost full. Will try and pump out something for next month.

My other story of Rex and Aletta reboot are also in the pipeline, hence 😬

