The Desperate Couple - Rex & Aletta

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2025-04-27 16:01

Hi All, I have been wanting to reboot my Rex and Aletta series for quite some time. And I think I have finally nailed it. Thanks to an unrelated idea from one of my patrons. Anyway here goes!

Chapter 1: Aletta Jayne was not built for subtlety. Not with that mile-long red hair, not with the way she painted her lips the color of sin, and definitely not with the way her surgically perfected, gravity-defying rack led the way into any room. She was 22, a living, breathing fantasy, a cartoonishly busty bombshell poured into a body so tight it looked custom-made. Her massive 3600cc silicone tits strained against every scrap of fabric she dared to wear, perched high on her chest like they were bolted on, and her scandalously tiny waist only made them look even bigger, rounder, and more obscene.

The kind of girl who could sell you a Volvo, or your soul, with one sly bend at the hips.

It was a sticky Friday morning in the spring and Aletta was getting ready to cause another accident at the dealership. She stood in her cramped bathroom, wrestling herself into a black pencil skirt so tight it might as well have been painted on. It clung to every curve of her perfect ass, the seam screaming for mercy every time she moved. The dealership-issued white button-down didn’t stand a chance either, the top three buttons were completely undone, and the remaining ones looked ready to give up at any second, struggling desperately to contain the sheer, outrageous mass of her tits.

One wrong move, a deep breath, a stretch, a sneeze and she’d be one wardrobe malfunction away from immortal internet fame. But Aletta didn’t have time to care. She was locked into her morning ritual: thick black eyeliner winged out to the heavens, matte foundation so flawless it glowed, three coats of mascara to frame those flirty eyes, and the thick swipe of cherry-red lipstick that screamed, I’ll make you beg for the keys, baby.

The internship at Volvo wasn’t just hard to get, it was practically designed for someone like her: a walking, talking distraction.

And Aletta was about to be the biggest distraction of all.

What she hadn’t done - was pee. She’d felt it the moment she woke up, a dull, nagging pressure low in her belly. A reminder from last night’s party binge and this morning’s rushed coffee. She’d even squeezed her thighs together while blending blush, her hips giving the tiniest wiggle. She loved the feeling and decided to relish it for a little longer – may be till she go to the showroom.

That thought came and went at least five times as she adjusted her under-sized bra, fluffed her thick red hair, and made sure her perfume hit the right spots: wrists, neck, and a single spritz behind the thighs. Her bladder throbbed as she tried to wedge her feet into her heels. “Ummm…..This feels so good,” she muttered, glancing at the clock. “Holding it till lunch should not hurt.” She had no reason to doubt herself. She was used to long days, fake smiles, and tighter clothes than most people would dare to wear in public. And she loved to hold it till the last possible minute. Or so she thought.

By the time she was in her car, that little dull pressure had turned into something more insistent as sitting compressed her bladder further. She shifted in her seat as she drove, wincing a little when the seatbelt pressed just right against her full swollen bladder. Still, she rolled down the window and hyped herself up. Cream leather. Turbo engine. Big sale. Big commission. Just gotta look hot and close the deal. Bathroom could wait. Probably.

Aletta pulled into the drive-thru lane of Bean Scene like it was part of her muscle memory. Same order as always: sausage croissant, hash brown, and an extra-large, iced vanilla coffee with whole milk and two pumps of whatever sweetener made it taste like liquid dessert. She was running late, but coffee came before capitalism. After grabbing her order, she parked and slid down just a bit in the seat to eat. The skirt didn’t allow much flexibility. Tight was an understatement. Every bite of food made her feel tighter around the middle. Her bladder gave another light pulse, just enough to remind her it hadn’t gone anywhere. She clenched her sphincters and sipped through the giant straw like she was making out with it. The coffee was cold, sugary, and absolutely delicious. It also didn’t take long to start doing its evil work.

By the time she crumpled the hash brown wrapper and shoved it into the bag, a solid ten minutes had passed,and so had about three-quarters of the coffee. Her stomach was buzzing from caffeine and pressure. She shifted again in her seat, squirming just a little. That dull fullness had sharpened into something firmer, rounder. Her waistband was digging into her like it had a vendetta.

“Damn,” she whispered, putting a hand on her belly. It was starting to feel heavy, pressed down by the tight skirt, the zipper straining just slightly over her lap. Her thighs were pressed together, mostly from how she was sitting, but also… yeah, she was definitely feeling it now. Not a full-on emergency. Not yet. But it was there. That slow, throbbing fullness that didn’t go away once it started. The kind that just kept building under the surface.

She glanced around, then opened the car door and strutted toward the shop. The little bell above the door jingled as she walked in, hips swaying, heels clicking, boobs bouncing just enough to get noticed. A couple heads turned. She didn’t mind. She was used to it.

Her eyes flicked toward the back of the café, locking onto a familiar sight: the bathroom door.

Just seeing it made her clench a little. That small voice in her head whispered, Just go. You’ve got two minutes. Get in, get out, be a new woman.

She was already halfway there when the cashier,some bored girl with a lip ring and a 'whatever' vibe,called out, “Bathroom’s for employees only.”

Aletta stopped in her tracks. Her bladder throbbed once, hard. She turned back, brows raised, lips pressed. “Really? I just bought half the menu.”

The girl shrugged. “Sorry. It’s policy.”

Aletta stood there for a second, legs a little stiff, holding the empty coffee cup like it had betrayed her. She wasn’t bursting. Not even close. But she was definitely uncomfortable now. Everything she wore was squeezing her,her waistband, her bra strap, the very seams of her skirt felt like they were locking her into a bladder prison.

She let out a breath and gave a forced smile. “Fine. Whatever.”

Back in the car, she tossed the cup aside and sat back down with a soft grunt. The seat was hard. Her belly pushed out a little from the waistband. She couldn’t suck it in anymore,not without feeling like something might give.

She wiggled her hips as she started the ignition, trying to ignore the low burn settling in.

“Okay. Showroom, then lunch break. Easy.”

But her legs crossed themselves before she even turned out of the parking lot.

Aletta hit the road with one goal: get to the dealership, crush the day, pee at lunch, done. Easy plan.

Except… traffic had other ideas. Ten minutes into the drive, she hit a wall of brake lights. Red after red. Bumper to bumper. The kind of crawl that made you age visibly by the minute. She smacked the steering wheel with a manicured hand and groaned. “You’ve got to be kidding me.”

Her legs bounced impatiently as she sat in the driver’s seat, her knees squeezed together. Her seatbelt was slicing directly across her midsection, digging into the swollen dome of her slowly inflating bladder. She tried to shift under it, tugging it up, pulling it down, even trying to wedge it under her boobs for a second,but nothing helped. It just made her squirm harder.

The waistband of her skirt had officially gone from snug to brutal. It felt like a tourniquet around her lower belly. She reached down and tried to loosen it discreetly, but it was no use as there was no stretch, no mercy. Every breath made the pressure worse. The iced coffee she chugged was already hitting her. It was settling deep and fast, pushing down on everything. She squirmed in place, gripping the steering wheel tighter. The burning pressure kept growing, stretching out under her tight clothes like an inflating balloon inside a velvet box.

That’s when her phone rang.

She tapped her headset and answered, voice chipper by force. “Hey, girl.”

It was Lena, her best friend from campus. “Omg, Aletta. I just had the biggest morning pee of my life. Like, not kidding, it went on for, like, two whole minutes. Thought the toilet was gonna overflow.”

Aletta froze. “Oh,” she said, trying to sound casual, even as her bladder spasmed with envy. She tightened her thighs and shifted again, legs stiff and pressed together. “Nice.”

“I’m telling you,” Lena kept going, “it was a damn waterfall. You made me drink three cans of beer last night and then I killed a giant bottle of coconut water this morning. My bladder was screaming. I could barely pull my shorts down in time.”

Aletta let out a breath through her nose, clenching everything. She could almost hear the gushing in her mind. Her hand flew to her belly and pressed in gently. Mistake. She winced, her eyes fluttering shut for a second.

“I haven’t gone yet,” she said, voice tight.

There was silence on the other end.

“What? You haven’t peed? At all?”

“Nope. Nothing. Woke up full. Dressed up. Coffee. Stuck in traffic.”

“Oh my god, babe,how are you holding it in? You drank like a fish last night. Remember you drank that entire six-pack beer last night and then that fizzy giant soda!”

Aletta’s jaw tightened. She remembered. She also remembered skipping her before bed pee for fun and skipping again in the morning. And now, she was trapped in gridlock, with nearly 1.5 liters sloshing inside her, being squeezed by tight seams, high heels, and a goddamn seatbelt.

“I don’t know,” she admitted. “Barely. My skirt is about to cut me in half.”

Lena laughed. “Well, at least you’re dressed hot enough to distract customers.”

“Yeah,” Aletta grunted, shifting again. “Until I start vibrating like a washing machine.”

Another pulse surged through her bladder, a deep, urgent throb that made her clench every muscle she had. The idea that she still had an entire morning shift to get through, in this outfit, with this pressure made her feel flushed and shaky. Her skin was bruising under her blouse. Her bra strap was tight. The seat beneath her felt too hard. Her thighs were squeezed so tight she could feel them start to ache. She wanted to squirm more, but her clothes were too stiff, too form-fitting. Any bigger movement and she’d risk popping a seam.

Her phone buzzed again. “You should seriously sneak into a gas station or something,” Lena suggested. “There’s no way you’re making it till lunch.”

“I’ll manage,” Aletta hissed through her teeth. “I kinda like it.”

Another long pause. “Well, don’t explode in one of the cars, okay? That leather ain’t cheap.”

Aletta chuckled weakly, “Tell that to my bladder.”

She hung up and dropped her head back against the seat, sucking in a breath. Her abdomen was visibly rounded now, firm under the fabric. Her body was screaming for relief, but traffic still hadn’t moved. And the dealership was still miles away. With every passing minute, she felt less like a girl headed to work and more like a time bomb in high heels. Deep down she was enjoying it but the thought of an accident scared her.

The dealership came into and as soon as she stepped out of the car, she had to pause and breathe through the pressure. She could feel the weight of her bladder now,low, tight, insistent. Her stomach was puffed out under her skirt, firm and heavy like she'd swallowed a balloon. The waistband of her skirt was slicing across it like dental floss. And her panties? They felt painted on. Every step she took squeezed her just a bit more. Her heels didn’t help either,each step made her body shift in a way that jostled the already aching bulge in her lower belly.

She walked in, forcing herself upright and confident. Her manager was already waiting for her near the front desk. Tall, masculine and devilishly charming, and with a voice that always landed just low enough to make her pussy throb. His name was Rex. Mid-thirties. Ex-military or something. Always crisp. Always firm. And just smug enough to make her want to impress him and slap him at the same time.

She had a thing for him. A big thing. And it made everything harder,especially today.

“Aletta,” he said, eyes flicking down her frame. “Running a little behind.”

She smiled through the burn in her bladder. “Traffic. Full-on disaster. But I’m here.”

He handed her a clipboard with the day’s appointments. “Big day. S80 walkthrough at eleven. Some exec from Edison. Make it count.”

Aletta took the clipboard, nodding,trying to keep it together. But she couldn’t help but notice that he looked a little tense too. A little rigid in the shoulders. He was holding his hips tighter than usual. Not limping or anything, but definitely not relaxed. Weird.

“I assigned you to the new S80. Cream leather, top-tier trim. Just detailed. Don’t scratch it, don’t spill anything in it.”

She nodded, legs shifting against each other. She couldn’t stand still. Her thighs pressed together instinctively, then separated, then pressed again. The waistband of her skirt was getting brutal now,it was starting to cut into her bladder when she breathed too deep. She leaned on one hip, then the other. Nothing helped.

“You good?” Rex asked, narrowing his eyes.

“Hmm?” she blinked up at him, faking calm. “Yeah. Just… I haven’t gone since last night. I kind of forgot.”

He raised an eyebrow. “You forgot to pee?”

She gave a tight shrug, shifting her weight again, hands gripping the clipboard maybe a little too tightly. “I was busy. Slept late. Got ready. Coffee. Then traffic. So yeah. I’ve been, uh… holding it.”

Rex stared at her almost trying to supress his smile. Amusement? Surprise? Something else?

“Not exactly part of the employee handbook, but… whatever gets you through the shift, I guess,” he said with a dry chuckle. “Still… probably should’ve used the bathroom when you had the chance.”

Aletta froze slightly at that, a flicker of dread sparking in her lower belly,right next to the pulsing fullness.

“Wait, what do you mean,?”

But before she could finish, the glass doors opened with a swoosh. A customer walked in,a silver-haired man in a suit with a face like he’d been scowling since the Nixon administration.

Rex straightened, all business now.

“I’ll let you handle this one,” he muttered. “I’ve got to prep the office files.”

And just like that, he was gone,walking off fast, with that same stiff posture. Like he was fighting something too.

Aletta stood there, shifting from foot to foot, her thighs squeezed so tight they might fuse together. Her bladder felt like it was carved out of stone, swelling behind the zipper of her skirt, pushing into every inch of available space inside her too-tight outfit. The urge pulsed through her like electricity,hot, heavy, and building by the second.

She didn’t know why the bathrooms were suddenly a problem, but she didn’t have time to ask.

The customer was waiting. And she had a storm brewing in her belly, locked behind sheer willpower, polyester, and a zipper that was definitely not rated for this kind of pressure.

Chapter 2 The moment Rex walked away, Aletta moved like a woman on a mission. Her heels clicked fast against the showroom tiles, her skirt digging in with every step. Her bladder was bloated and high, pushing against her waistband so tight she could barely breathe. She was sweating under her bra and sucking her stomach in just to keep from doubling over. She didn’t care about looking flustered anymore. She didn’t care about the perfect hair or the makeup. She just needed one thing. Relief.

She beelined for the staff hallway, the sacred land of the employee restroom. One more turn and she’d be in. She could almost feel the zipper sliding down, the waistband loosening, the surge of relief,

“Hey, Aletta!”

She stopped so fast her body jolted. Her bladder nearly spasmed from the sudden halt. Standing near the corner was Amanda from front desk, sipping a smoothie like it wasn’t the end of the world. Aletta forced a smile, her thighs pressed together so tight her knees knocked. “What’s up?”

Amanda nodded toward the bathroom door. “Plumbing’s down, by the way. Whole system’s shut off since this morning. Some kind of pipe burst in the wall. Maintenance won’t be here till, like, late afternoon.”

Aletta blinked. She stared at the door. The one she had been mentally praising, practically worshipping, for the last two minutes.

“Wait,what?”

“No bathroom. We all are holding it today.”

Her heart started pounding in her ears. A cold wave ran down her back. Her face went pale.

Amanda tilted her head. “You okay? Is it… urgent?”

Aletta stiffened. She couldn’t say yes. She wouldn’t. She was Aletta Aletta,hot, confident, collected. She wasn’t about to admit she was about to piss herself in the middle of a luxury dealership.

“Nah,” she said, giving a forced chuckle. “Just… wanted to check my hair.”

Amanda smiled and turned back toward reception. Aletta turned slowly, her smile vanishing the moment Amanda was out of view.

Oh my god. Her bladder throbbed again, like a living thing trapped inside her. She could feel the curve of it now, pushing out right beneath her belly button. Her panties were pressing right into the bulge, her skirt cinching it from all sides. She was sweating more now, her legs stiff as she waddled back to her desk like a bomb with legs. She sat down slowly, carefully, but even the act of sitting made everything worse. The pressure doubled. Her waistband bit deep. She tried to cross her legs, but her skirt was too tight,it rode up halfway to her thighs and her knees wouldn’t move.

She was sitting like a statue now, ankles crossed, hands in her lap, bladder screaming.

“Okay,” she whispered to herself, “don’t panic.” She reached for her phone with trembling fingers and opened her maps app, typing in public restrooms near me with a desperation she’d never felt before. The loading bar was moving so slowly. And then, the bell over the front door jingled.

Aletta looked up. A tall woman in a sleeveless tan dress and killer heels stepped in, sunglasses perched on her head. Designer purse. Perfect nails. The kind of woman who had a private Pilates instructor and an estate lawyer on speed dial.

“Hi,” the woman said, walking up to the desk. “I’m Mrs. Radcliffe. My husband said he was getting the car walkthrough today?”

Aletta’s bladder throbbed so hard she had to bite the inside of her cheek to keep from groaning out loud.

“Oh. Yes. Of course,” Aletta forced out, standing slowly, legs trembling, smile glued to her face. “Right this way.”

As she walked ahead, she felt a tiny twinge near her waistband. The pressure was getting dangerous. And the next round was just beginning.

Aletta guided Mrs. Radcliffe toward the reception desk, each step carefully measured, controlled, her breath tight and shallow. Her entire body felt wound like a coil, and the slightest jolt threatened to unspool everything. The pressure inside her was becoming unreal, a full fifteen hours of unrelieved buildup, sloshing and straining behind a waistband that hadn’t loosened since 8 a.m. She was holding almost half a gallon of liquid inside her body. And yet she looked like a goddamn sales poster. Hair glossy, cleavage threatening to pop out of the buttoned-down blouse and thick red lips still perfect. But under all that polish, she was absolutely bursting.

“I just want to have a look through the brochure again,” Mrs. Radcliffe said, her heels clicking as she made her way to the showroom table like she had all the time in the world.

Aletta nodded, forcing her smile. “Of course.” She stood by stiffly, trying not to visibly rock back and forth on her heels. Her thighs were trembling, and she had to bend her knees slightly, then straighten them,then bend them again. She couldn’t stay still. Her whole abdomen was stretched and tight, the waistband of her skirt practically embedded into her flesh, her panties wedged right across her bulging bladder.

“Now… what’s the fuel economy again? You said highway was what?”

Aletta swallowed, clenching her glutes so tight her calves cramped. “Twenty-four, ma’am. Thirty on eco mode.”

The lady smiled politely and flipped another page. “Ah, and the sunroof,is that automatic or tilt-slide?”

Lady please I am about to explode.

“Both,” Aletta said quickly. She was swaying on her heels now, knees rubbing together under the desk. The pressure was unrelenting. Hot, tight, aching. Every second felt like another drop added to an already overflowing cup.

Mrs. Radcliffe finally set the brochure down and turned with a clap of her hands. “Okay! Let’s go for a drive. I’d love to get a feel for her.”

Aletta blinked. “You… want me to drive or,?”

“Oh, no. I’ll drive. I’m a bit of a speed demon,” she winked.

Aletta didn’t even have time to think of a polite way to say no. She just nodded and led the way to the S80, each step a silent prayer that she wouldn’t leak. Her skirt was now creased over her stomach, the firm curve of her bladder clearly poking against the fabric if anyone looked too closely. They got in - Mrs. Radcliffe in the driver’s seat, Aletta in the passenger side. The moment she clicked the seatbelt over her lap, she gasped quietly. It was too tight. It sat directly across her bladder.

“Ready?” the lady chirped, already pulling out.

No. She wasn’t ready. Not even close. She braced herself as the car shot forward. The moment they hit the main road; it was chaos. Mrs. Radcliffe drove like she was in a movie chase scene,fast turns, heavy brakes, random lane changes. She was tossed side to side, her whole-body rocking, her bladder getting jolted again and again under the relentless squeeze of the belt. She pressed her thighs together as tightly as she could and tried to breathe. It didn’t help.

Her eyes were watering, and it took every ounce of strength to not grab her crotch.

“Could you… maybe slow down a little?” she managed, her voice almost squeaky.

Mrs. Radcliffe laughed. “You sound like my daughter.”

Aletta forced a laugh, but it came out strangled. She could feel her pee pressing hard against the zipper of her skirt now. She was seconds away from losing it. Her panties were damp with sweat. Her whole lower belly felt like it was made of concrete - tight, rock-hard, and unbearably full. Then she remembered something.

“Hey,” she blurted out, trying to mask the panic in her tone, “could we take a right up ahead? There’s a scenic loop. Great place to test ride comfort.”

Aletta could barely see straight. She was gripping the edge of her seat with both hands, her fingers white-knuckled, her thighs clenched so tightly they ached. The seatbelt was a cruel strap of torture across her bladder, flattening it even more against her tight skirt. Every bump on the road was a jab. Every turn another squeeze. She wasn’t just full,she was overflowing. And then she saw it,the turn. The turn that could save her.

“Hey,uh,” she managed, trying not to sound as breathless as she felt. “Could we take a right up ahead? It’s a… smoother road. Less traffic.”

Mrs. Radcliffe glanced at her. “Why? Isn’t the test drive route mapped already?”

“It is,” Aletta lied quickly, “but I just thought, maybe,”

“Why that way?” the woman pressed. Aletta hesitated. Her face burned. Her legs were shaking. Her voice came out so low and tight she almost didn’t recognize it.

“I need to… use the bathroom.” Silence. The car kept rolling, but the temperature dropped. Mrs. Radcliffe’s expression went cold.

“You’re kidding.”

Aletta shook her head, cheeks on fire. “I didn’t get a chance this morning, and I’ve been kind of holding it since,”

“I cannot believe this,” the woman snapped, her voice sharp. “How unprofessional. You bring me into a brand new car, for a serious purchase, and you didn’t take care of that before we left?”

Aletta’s throat closed up. She wanted to scream. But mostly,she wanted to pee.

“I’m sorry,” she whispered. “I didn’t think the bathrooms would be out. I didn’t think the drive would be this long.”

“Well, I don’t care,” Mrs. Radcliffe said, eyes back on the road, jaw tight. “We finish the test drive. Then you can go do whatever you need.”

Aletta blinked hard to keep the pee from spurting out. Her bladder throbbed so violently it made her flinch. Just to keep the deal alive, just to keep the woman from walking away, she added, “I’ll… I’ll talk to my manager. We can knock a few hundred off the final price. Just for the trouble.”

Mrs. Radcliffe gave a little hum. “We’ll see.”

The next hour was agony. Back at the dealership, they sat side by side at the front desk, hashing out numbers. Aletta was barely present. Her legs were locked, shifting constantly under the desk. Her belly was visibly distended now,rounded, firm, pushing out from under her blouse. The pressure was so intense it made her vision blur. She could feel the waistband of her skirt creaking with every tiny move. She crossed her ankles, recrossed them, squeezed her thighs, sat up straighter, leaned forward, in a desperate, hopeless ballet to keep her bladder from giving out. She was sweating through her blouse. Her lip gloss was long gone. Her voice shook every time she tried to speak.

Mrs. Radcliffe asked about trim levels.

Aletta clenched. Answered. Shifted.

Mrs. Radcliffe asked about warranty.

Aletta nodded. Blinked. Squeezed tighter.

She was dying. Her bladder was rock-hard. She could feel it pressing down, trapped between the seat and her tight clothes, threatening to burst. Her panties were soaked with sweat. Every time she leaned forward to type on the screen, the pressure doubled. Her toes curled inside her heels. She kept her legs crossed so tight they were starting to go numb.

“Would you excuse me for just a second?” she whispered at one point.

Mrs. Radcliffe raised a sharp brow. “Is this about the bathroom again?”

Aletta’s face burned. She sat back down. “Nope. I’m fine.”

Ten more minutes. Twenty. Thirty. Paperwork. ID scanning. Credit card verification. Aletta wasn’t sure how she was still dry. She could feel it now. The pee was at the very edge. She was holding it in with pure force of will. She had no muscles left. She had no dignity left. Her bladder felt like a bowling ball made of fire. It was cramping, spasming, aching. Every word spoken made her weaker. At one point, a wave of pressure made her bend forward with a soft gasp,only for her skirt to dig in deeper, stabbing her bladder like a blade. She let out a breathless moan and gritted her teeth.

Please go. Just go. Just sign and go. Finally, finally, Mrs. Radcliffe stood up, smiling.

“Well, that all seems good. I’ll talk to my husband and get back to you this afternoon.”

Aletta stood up shakily, her entire body screaming in protest. “Great,” she said, voice tight, high-pitched. “Looking forward to it.”

Mrs. Radcliffe walked out, heels echoing.

Aletta stood frozen in place, every nerve in her body tuned to one thing,don’t let go. Her bladder was at its absolute limit. One wrong breath, one wrong twitch, and she’d flood the entire damn showroom. And the bathrooms were still out. The second Mrs. Radcliffe’s heels clicked out of earshot; Aletta bolted from her desk like it was on fire. She didn’t even wait for her legs to fully cooperate,just grabbed the keys to the S80 display car and power-walked through the sliding doors, her thighs pressed so tight together it was like she was trying to hold in an lake with friction alone.

Every step was torture. Her belly was huge now, a tight, straining dome pressing violently against her waistband, packed to the very edge with urine she couldn’t afford to lose. Her skirt bit deep into the swell, her panties glued to her skin from sweat. Her whole body shook as she threw herself into the driver’s seat of the display car, slamming the door shut behind her. She was going to make it. Just a few blocks. She knew exactly where the park was. She could picture the bathroom door, the ugly tile, the peeling paint. She would kiss that toilet if she had to.

She gritted her teeth, twisted the keys. The passenger door opened. Rex slid into the passenger seat like it was planned, one brow raised, holding a couple of soda cans in one hand. He looked cool, casual. His shirt sleeves were rolled up, tie loosened. Her complete opposite.

“You okay?” he asked, handing her a can. “Going for the restrooms?”

Aletta swallowed, hard. Her cheeks flushed. She was red-faced, trembling, soaked in sweat and on the verge of a full-blown bladder explosion. “N-no! Why would say that?” she didn’t want to admit to her crush that she was dying to pee.

“You sure?”

She nodded, stiff as a statue. She couldn’t even look at him. Couldn’t uncross her legs. Her fingers were gripping the steering wheel so tight her knuckles cracked.

“Bathrooms are causing chaos today,” Rex said, popping open his soda. “Amanda’s fuming. Two of the other girls said they’re ready to burst.”

Aletta’s eyes twitched. She didn’t move. Her bladder was screaming. Please shut up about peeing. “I haven’t gone since yesterday evening either,” Rex continued, casually. “Was about to, then found out the plumbing’s down. Honestly kinda fun to test my limits.”

Aletta but her lips. Could he also be into holding? But then she brushed the thought aside to focus on clenching her pee hole down. He glanced over at her.

“You’re good, though? Not like the others?” His voice seemed as if he was enjoying it.

She was seconds from bursting. Her bladder was full of nearly two liters. She hadn’t peed in over sixteen hours. She was fighting waves of pressure that felt like her body was actively trying to push it all out. She was clenching so hard her muscles were starting to go numb. Every inch of her skin was hypersensitive. Her skirt was cutting into her flesh, the pressure building behind her zipper like a ticking bomb. One wrong word and she’d break. But she looked at him. That perfect smirk. That calm posture. That hint of challenge in his tone. And something in her pride snapped into place.

“I know how to suppress my needs,” she said, slowly, voice taut like a guitar string. “I do it…EVERY DAY.”

“Damn. That’s hot” Rex blurted, “I mean…Impressive!”

“It is?” Her interest piqued but another spasm hit her hard. “I mean…I can manage!”

Rex cracked a smile. “Well in that case,lunch?”

Aletta almost gasped. “Lunch?” Her pussy quivered. Her crush asked her for lunch and her bladder screamed against the idea.

“Yeah. Food’s on me. You’ve earned it.”

Aletta’s bladder spasmed so hard she nearly jerked in her seat. Lunch meant sitting still. Crossing her legs under a table. Drinking more. Smiling. Waiting even longer. But she couldn’t say no now. Her pride was still able to convince her to hold on. “Sure,” she squeaked, “Lunch sounds great.” She turned the keys. The seatbelt slid across her bladder again. She blinked back a wave of heat as another surge hit her.

Fortunately, the car ride was short. But for Aletta, it felt like an eternity being slowly roasted over a fire especially with Rex’s eyes on her. The bumps on the road were killing her. She was clenching everything,thighs, butt, abs, jaw. Her legs were glued together the entire drive, and her hands nearly crushed the steering wheel. She couldn’t. If she relaxed even a little, she'd lose everything in one hot, gushing second. Rex, meanwhile, seemed better if not totally relaxed.

They pulled into a diner nearby. Aletta parked with robotic precision, trying not to moan as she got out. Her feet hit the ground, and her bladder dropped with a jolt. Don't leak. Don't leak. Don't. Leak.

Inside, it was quiet. A corner booth was empty, so they slid in,Rex first, then Aletta, slower than she’d ever moved in her life. She couldn’t even sit back. She stayed perched on the edge of the booth, knees touching, spine stiff, legs drawn so tightly together it felt like they were glued. Her skirt was stretched across her midsection, and she could feel how much her belly pushed out from the pressure. Her panties were soaked,not with pee, yet, but with sweat and body heat. Her waistband cut into her like a blade. Rex casually set his phone down and leaned back.

“So,” he said, grinning. “You’ve never told me your worst holding story.”

Aletta blinked. “Sorry,my what?”

“You know. The worst time you almost didn’t make it.”

Her soul left her body. She stared at him, her bladder literally contracting as if reacting to the conversation. She crossed her legs under the table with painful effort. The skirt resisted. Her thighs burned.

“I don’t have one,” she lied.

“Come on,” Rex said, laughing. “Everyone’s got one.”

Aletta gave a weak laugh. “You first.”

He raised his brows, surprised, then leaned in like he was about to tell a secret.

“Okay. Senior year. Debate tournament in Jersey. I skipped the bathroom break that morning as I was late and later I didn’t wanna get up first and look weak. Ended up standing there for two hours, crossing and uncrossing my legs the whole time, with half the room staring at me thinking I had the jitters.”

Aletta bit her tongue. The mental image was torture. “What happened?” she asked, pretending to sip her water. Mistake. Even the feel of the glass made her want to scream.

“I made it. Barely. I actually had to run off the stage the second it ended. I remember my bladder hurting for like an hour after. Felt like someone had punched me in the gut.”

Aletta clenched her thighs tighter. Her own gut did feel punched,by a truck. Every beat of her heart was synced to the throbbing pressure below her belly button. Her skin was hot. Her breathing shallow.

Rex grinned. “Okay, your turn.”

Aletta gave a tight smile. “I don’t crack.”

“Come on. You have to have one. You’re telling me you’ve never had a close call?”

Aletta looked down at her lap. Her legs were trembling now. Her bladder was so full she could feel it pushing against her ribs. Her skirt felt two sizes too small. She had been holding for nearly 18 hours.

Finally, she spoke, “I once drank an entire bottle of wine on a first date and refused to excuse myself all night.”

Rex leaned in. “Why?”

“I wanted to prove a point,” she said through her teeth. “I held it till the Uber ride home, but I was sitting on my heel the entire time.”

Rex laughed. “You’ve got a strong bladder. I have a feeling you could hold it reeeally long.”

They sat in silence for a second. Aletta was dying. She was bouncing one knee now under the table, trying to act casual, but her muscles were spasming. Her bladder felt like a beach ball about to pop. Every breath made her feel like she might leak. Her voice was hoarse. Her hands were clammy.

Rex finally said, “So… you’re good now? Because honestly, I’m about to explode.”

Aletta looked up, face flushed. “I told you,” she said, barely able to keep her voice steady. “I’m trained.”

Rex raised his soda. “To endurance.”

Aletta tapped her glass against his. “To mind over matter.”

But her matter was running out fast. As they finished lunch Aletta decided to lure Rex to go the bathroom. She leaned slightly toward Rex, trying to keep her tone light.

“You sure you don’t want to hit the restroom before we head back?”

Her pulse pounded in her neck. Her hands were in her lap, fingers pressed so tight together they ached. Her legs had been clenched under the table for so long her feet were numb. Her bladder felt like a steel drum - huge, burning, tight to the touch. Rex shook his head, casually wiping his mouth with a napkin.

“I’m man enough to wait. It’d be bad manners, wouldn’t it? Leaving a lady behind in a dire state?”

Aletta’s stomach dropped. Her mouth twitched. He knows.

“Right,” she muttered. She had counted on him going. She had planned on using the moment he excused himself to finally bolt for the ladies’ room and empty herself before she burst all over the fake leather booth. Now she was stuck. Her only move was to pretend she was fine and somehow deal with it later. Her thighs were locked the entire walk back to the car, her steps short and stiff. Her heels made it harder to clench and her legs were quivering with every tiny step. Her bulge visibly protruded now, straining her blouse across the front, her skirt pulled so tight across her hips you could see the shape of her navel. When she dropped back into the driver’s seat, her bladder screamed. She had to hold her breath to prevent that hot drop of pee sitting right at her pee hole. The seatbelt stretched across the same path it always did, low and unforgiving.

She turned the ignition with shaking hands. Rex buckled in beside her, totally chill. “Lunch was great,” he said.

Aletta grunted. “Mm.”

They hit the first red light, and her leg bounced so violently her heel slipped halfway off. She shoved it back on, her fingers twitching against the wheel. A full-body sweat had taken over now. The waistband of her skirt had dug so deep it left a mark. Her belly was rock-hard. The bulge was painfully visible. Her entire midsection was throbbing, begging, cramping. She couldn’t hold still.

And Rex noticed.

“You are bursting, isn’t it?” he asked, rather seductively.

Aletta’s jaw clenched. “I’m under c..control”

She crossed her legs again as they hit another red light, but the resistance from her clothes made it nearly impossible. Her skirt fought every movement. Her thighs trembled under the fabric, struggling to maintain the tension she needed to stay dry. How does he know? Why am I getting wet? Questions flooded in her mind.

“What if the bathrooms aren’t fixed yet?” Rex teased placing her hand on her bouncing leg.

“I don’t care,” she snapped, then immediately forced a smile. “I mean,I’m used to holding it. It’s not a big deal.” Her mind was melting. She was torn with arousal and desperation. Rex raised a brow, but didn’t push.

They pulled into the dealership parking lot. Aletta parked and immediately shut off the engine, hoping to bolt the second she got the chance. But her body didn’t move. She had to sit still for another few seconds, gripping the steering wheel with white knuckles, waiting for the surge to pass. She was dripping in sweat now. Her panties were soaked. Her skirt was absolutely glued to her skin. Rex opened his door and got out first. Aletta followed slowly, carefully, each movement calculated like a landmine step. She was still holding. And she had no idea how much longer she could last. She could barely think, barely breathe. Her abdomen was swollen past anything reasonable; it jutted out round and tight, an obscene bulge trapped behind a zipper that had no right being that tight anymore. She was so full she couldn’t stand up straight anymore. Her back had a slight arch just to relieve the pressure at the top of the bladder bulge. Her thighs were stuck together like they’d fused.

And Rex was walking next to her. Talking. Like they were fine. Her lipstick was smudged. Her mascara was fighting for its life. Her entire lower half felt like a compressed tank of liquid with no off switch. Her pride was wrecked. But even then, she couldn’t admit it. They passed the desk, the glass doors, the front display lineup. And then she saw looked at the S80 once again and it gave her an idea.

“I should,um,give it one more prep run,” she blurted, cutting Rex off mid-story.

He blinked. “What?”

“The S80. Just… one last check. Customer might return, and I want everything perfect.” Her voice was too high. She didn’t care.

Rex squinted at her for a second. “You sure you’re,”

“I’m good!” she snapped.

He held up his hands and smiled. “Alright. You’re the pro.”

He walked off, finally, finally, and Aletta didn’t waste a second. She stumbled toward the car with legs stiff, skirt halfway riding up her thighs. The second she reached the door, she yanked it open, climbed into the driver’s seat, and slammed the door shut with shaking fingers.

Her whole body screamed. The moment her ass hit the leather seat; a monstrous wave hit her like a train. She doubled over, both hands flying between her legs, her knees pulled together so violently she could barely breathe. The beltline of her skirt dug into her bladder like a blade, and her swollen bladder throbbed under the pressure. She moaned softly as her hips rocked against the seat, searching for friction, leverage, anything. She needed to pee. Right now. She reached under the steering wheel, trying to unzip her skirt, but her hands were shaking, her fingers couldn’t work. She tried again, moaning through her teeth. Her bladder spasmed. She leaked. A hot, terrifying pulse of pee dampened her soaked panties. “No, no, no, no,” she panted, finally tearing the zipper down. Her belly popped out with a soft whump, the waistband finally releasing its death grip. But the flood was too close.

She yanked her skirt up, twisted to one side, and gave up trying to hold it. A second later, her whole body convulsed as the first violent stream hit the leather seat. Her head fell back against the headrest, her mouth open in a silent gasp. She was peeing. Finally. Fully. Uncontrollably. Her thighs trembled as the stream roared between her legs, soaking her panties, splashing onto the seat, hissing against the leather. She couldn’t stop even if she wanted to. It was pure, primal relief. Her entire body deflated, her eyes fluttered shut, her breath came in sharp, broken pants.

It went on for minutes. She didn’t care that she was in the middle of the dealership. She didn’t care that she was desecrating a sixty-thousand dollar display car. She just… couldn’t stop. When it finally slowed, she sat in silence, trembling, sweating, soaking but free.

Chapter 3: The driver's seat was a literal puddle. The floor mat was dark and rippling with beer smelling pee. And under the heat of the sun, the whole inside of the S80 smelled like warm leather and something far more sinful. She closed her eyes for a second, savouring the aftershocks pulsing through her body. God, it had felt good. Better than good. Naughty beyond anything she could imagine. Every inch of her skin was buzzing. She’d just completely unapologetically flooded a brand-new, top-of-the-line luxury car.

And it was glorious. Until the fear kicked in. Her eyes snapped open. Her heart hammered against her ribs. Shit. Shit. SHIT. If anyone saw this, she was toast. Fired on the spot. Blacklisted from the entire county. Her skirt and panties were absolutely soaked, clinging cold and wet to her thighs. The puddle in the seat gleamed under the sunlight, still rippling slightly from the force of her accident. Drops dripped steadily onto the floor.

She needed to get out. She needed to fix this. Fast. She wiped her hands uselessly against the soaking skirt, wincing at the squelch. Then, desperate, she twisted in the seat, leaned out the window, and waved frantically.

"Rex!" she called out across the lot, forcing a bright, breathless smile. Rex turned from across the showroom windows, raising a hand.

"I forgot something at home!" Aletta chirped, her voice way too high. "I'll be back in, like, twenty minutes!"

Rex gave a thumbs-up without questioning it. Bless him. Aletta jammed the car into gear and peeled out of the lot, tires squealing faintly. She didn't care that she was sitting in a puddle, didn’t care about the funny wet noises every time she shifted in the seat. She just needed to go. Her body squelched wetly against the leather with every small movement. It was lewd and incredibly arousing. Every time she turned the wheel, leaned forward, adjusted her hips, she could feel the wetness sliding over her skin, hear the faint splashes underneath her. Her cheeks were burning, but between her legs a slow, shameful heat was building again.

"God," she breathed out, half in panic, half in secret thrill. She flew into her apartment driveway in record time. The second she swung her legs out of the car, the puddle she'd been sitting in shifted forward,and with a horrifying splatter, a gush of liquid spilled right onto the concrete.

"Shit!" she yelped, darting around to block it from view even though no one was watching.

Her thighs were dripping. Her soaked panties squelched with every step. She tore inside, peeled off her sodden clothes in a flurry, and yanked on a clean skirt and blouse that looked close enough to her original outfit. She grabbed spare clothes, a towel, and half a bottle of Febreze. She was back outside in under two minutes. Her bladder was already starting to fill again but there was no time.

She attacked the car with everything she had. First the sponge,soaking up the puddles, wringing them out over and over. Then the blower,jamming it under the seat, on the leather, blasting hot air until the surface felt merely damp instead of soaked. Then half the Febreze bottle,spraying every inch of fabric, carpet, and plastic until the air choked with the smell of Tropical Breeze Explosion.

She was sweating by the end, hair sticking to her forehead, arms trembling from the effort. The seat wasn’t perfect. But it wasn’t visibly wet. It smelled aggressively fruity. It was… passable. She slid back behind the wheel, sitting on a folded towel just in case, and drove back to the dealership at a careful, law-abiding crawl. She walked in fresh clothes, fresh lipstick, freshly doused in perfume, and tried to act casual.

Until she saw the customer standing at the desk. Middle-aged guy. Wife beside him. Two kids poking each other and whining. Family sale. Rex caught her eye, smiled. “Aletta, you’re up. Perfect timing.”

Perfect timing, her ass. Aletta smiled weakly, grabbed a clipboard, and forced her trembling legs to move forward. Except now there was a new horror. As she stood, smiling stiffly at the family, asking for their preferences, she felt it once again. The familiar unmistakable urge to pee again. She had emptied half a gallon just half an hour ago,and now it was already pressing, already aching faintly against her waistband again. The seal had been broken, and her kidneys furiously pumped the pent-up pee to her tired bladder. Her body wasn't playing games anymore.

And there were still five long hours left in her shift.

Aletta could barely keep it together as she smiled, clipboard in hand, leading the family across the showroom floor.

There was no way she was taking them to the S80 again. No way in hell. She steered them toward a different model, a safe silver XC70 wagon, babbling about the safety features, the comfort, the spacious back seats. Anything to get them inside that car instead.

But no! The two kids piped up, pointing with sticky fingers across the showroom.

"I like that one better!" the little boy whined. "The blue one! Show us that one!"

Aletta felt her whole body lock up. The blue S80. The one she'd turned into a swimming pool just half an hour ago. She hesitated too long, and the mother caught it.

"Is there a reason we can't see that model?" she asked, suspicious.

Aletta scrambled. "N-no, of course not! I just thought you'd like more space... but if you prefer, absolutely."

Her bladder spasmed hard as she led them over, her knees nearly knocking together under her skirt. The steady refilling of her bladder was already becoming unbearable. She had barely emptied not so long ago, and the car reminded her of the pressure that was ballooning inside her. The waistband of her replacement skirt already cutting into the apex of her bladder.

The husband reached for the passenger door first. The moment the door cracked open, a blast of Tropical Breeze air slammed into them. The wife flinched visibly, pulling her head back.

"Ugh! What on earth,?"

Aletta’s brain short-circuited for half a second. "Uh," she stammered, heat crawling up her neck. "We, um... had to bug-spray it. Earlier. Big spider situation. Then, uh... cleaned it up. Perfumed it up. Standard procedure." The wife looked skeptical. The kids didn’t care,they dove into the backseat like feral raccoons. Aletta had no choice but to step up and awkwardly demonstrate the features, standing stiffly in front of the car, sweat beading at her hairline.

Her bladder throbbed violently. The combination of moving, standing still, crouching to show the seat adjusters,it was hell. Her muscles were already weak from earlier. Now every motion, every minor shift, sent ripples of urgency through her body. She clenched herself tight, thighs locked, ass tight, feeling a fresh bead of sweat slide down her spine. She was buzzing with tension. And worse,there was a deep, throbbing pulse between her legs that had nothing to do with pee. Why is this turning me on? she thought miserably, clenching harder.

The whole time she was pointing at features, she could feel her body betraying her. The throbbing pressure. The twitching muscles. The sweaty stickiness between her thighs. And all of it with Rex visible across the floor, glancing over at her every so often, casual but definitely watching. Finally, mercifully, the family decided they'd "think about it" and left. But not before the wife shot Rex a pointed look at the front desk and muttered something about "a suspicious smell in that blue sedan." Rex nodded, made a quick note,and then his eyes tracked over to Aletta, who was standing by the desk with a face nearly blue with the strain of holding on the flood inside her.

"Aletta. My office," he called, voice low.

Aletta swallowed hard. She shuffled into his glass-walled office like a prisoner on death row. She stood with crossed legs and arms tightly crossed across her chest. Her cleavage pushed up further. Rex sat down behind his desk, or tried to. He couldn’t sit still. His knees bounced subtly. His legs shifted open and closed. He adjusted his belt like it was too tight. He kept fanning the bottom hem of his dress shirt. His eyes bounced from her sweating cleavage to her eyes and then back to her cleavage.

Aletta, even through her growing panic, noticed immediately.

He needs to pee. Badly. Maybe the water at lunch caught up with him. But he was doing everything he could to hide it. Acting casual. Professional. Like he wasn't sitting on top of a full bladder that was wrecking him from the inside. Aletta stood there, her legs wobbling, thighs pressed together so tight she thought she might cut off circulation. She barely heard what he was saying, something about customer complaints, about maintaining showroom standards.

All she could focus on was him. And herself. The way his muscles tensed every time he shifted. The way his voice hitched slightly when he leaned forward. The way her own quivering muscles betrayed her with every pulse of rising pressure. She felt soaked with need, bladder bursting, thighs sticky, arousal simmering just beneath the desperation. Her breathing was shallow, her skin hypersensitive. Every twitch of her overworked muscles felt like a flicker of electricity between her legs. She tried to stand still, but her body kept moving, hips rocking ever so slightly, knees trembling, heels shifting. Her panties were damp from more than just sweat now. Rex leaned back in his chair, pretending to look relaxed, but his hand kept drifting to his thigh, squeezing, tapping.

"You alright?" he asked suddenly, voice husky.

Aletta nodded quickly, biting her lip.

"You sure?" he pressed, leaning forward a little, “Or do you need a BATHROOM break like the others?”

Aletta clenched so hard she thought she might break a teeth or two. "I told you," she whispered, barely trusting herself to speak. "I'm trained."

Her cheeks burned at how breathless she sounded. Rex smirked slightly. "You don’t look trained."

Aletta squeezed her thighs tighter, feeling the heat pulse through her. It was insane. It was unbearable. It was the hottest thing she’d ever experienced. And there were still three and a half goddamn hours left in her shift. Her heart thudded wildly in her chest. Her panties clung damply between her thighs. Her mind spun with reckless, filthy thoughts. She wanted to crawl into Rex’s lap, straddle him, and just let go on him. God, why do I feel like he’s into me. His words are so suggestive at times. She thought to herself.

She shifted her legs again and squisshh! Oh no. A sharp, hot leak escaped. She gasped, clenching hard, but it was too late. A tiny wet patch bloomed against her panties, a sticky warmth that made her thighs quiver even harder. She doubled forward slightly, pretending to smooth her skirt, even as her insides spasmed violently. Thankfully Rex’s phone rang at that exact moment. He glanced at the screen, muttered something under his breath, and waved her off. "You're good to go," he said, distracted.

Aletta didn’t wait. She stumbled out of his office, heart pounding so hard she could barely hear. She needed out,anywhere, anywhere she could hide. Her body was about to betray her again. She could feel it. She made a beeline straight for the display floor and aimed for the cars. The same car sat at the far end of the room, gleaming under the fluorescent lights. No one was watching. Everyone was busy. It was her only shot. She yanked open the passenger door and practically jumped inside, slamming the door shut behind her.

The instant her ass hit the seat; she couldn't stop herself. It was automatic. She shoved her hand between her thighs, pressing down hard, desperate to hold it back, to buy even a few more seconds. But her body had other plans. Her entire bladder spasmed violently,and this time, there was no holding back. A furious, scalding deluge erupted into her panties, soaking her hand, flooding down her thighs in a rush so strong it made her moan aloud. She clamped her mouth shut, shaking violently, her body convulsing as she utterly lost it. Hot liquid gushed out of her in a roaring, uncontrollable stream, hissing loudly in the tiny cabin of the car. It pooled instantly under her ass, spreading across the leather seat, splattering onto the floor mats. Her thighs trembled uncontrollably, her hips rocking helplessly into her own hand.

It went on and on,more than she thought possible. More than before.

So much that she was sitting in a lake of her own making, the warm puddle splashing up around her thighs every time she shuddered. It was wrong. And it felt incredible. Her head fell back against the headrest, her mouth open in a silent gasp of release. Her entire body was shaking, soaked, sticky, undone. She let her eyes flutter shut as the last shuddering spurts escaped her. When she finally opened her eyes, her lap was soaked. Her thighs felt warm with wetness and there was a pool of pee on the floorboard. The car seat was a disaster. Her soaked panties clung between her legs, hot and dripping.

Aletta sat there, legs trembling, her boobs drenched with sweat, heaving with the aftershocks of her second uncontrollable flood inside the same dealership car. The puddle around her was steaming and somehow her bladder still wasn’t empty. She gulped down nervously. She knew she couldn't do it here. If she sat here leaking and gushing in the middle of the open showroom lot, someone would notice. Someone would catch her.

Within a split second, she threw the car into drive and peeled out of the dealership, barely managing not to squeal the tires. She sped down the nearest side street she could find,a quiet row of industrial buildings, empty for the afternoon. Perfect. She jerked the wheel into a gravel alley and slammed the brakes. No time. No finesse. She scrambled out of the driver's seat, shoes slipping in the puddle, and stumbled into the backseat like a woman possessed. The second she sat down, a furious gush exploded between her thighs, soaking her already soaked panties before she could even yank her skirt up. Her head thudded back against the headrest, her body shuddering as the flood tore out of her with brutal force. She moaned and gasp as relief engulfed her body. Hot piss splashed everywhere, soaking the backseat, streaming off the edge onto the floor, hissing against the leather with a shameless, filthy sound that filled the whole car.

She clutched the seat beneath her, riding out the flood. It took almost a full minute to finish. One full minute of pure, uncontrollable relief, squirting and splattering between her legs, warming the soaked leather beneath her. When it finally tapered off, Aletta lay there, boneless, drenched, trembling, but at least empty now. Properly empty. And as she caught her breath, she replayed everything that led to this disaster. A six-pack of beer last night at the bar, a giant bottle of soda while studying later, a massive coffee this morning, three full bottles of water while panicking at the showroom, that giant lemonade at lunch and another bottle of water she’d mindlessly grabbed when showing the family around. Her poor, overworked body never had a chance.

“No wonder it feels like I peed out half my weight”, she thought, groaning quietly.

She sat there a moment longer, still flushed and sticky, feeling and somehow wildly turned on by her own mess. And then her watch buzzed at 3.30pm. She suddenly remembered that she had to attend a mandatory training about the S80 T6.

Panic surged through her again as she rushed back into action. She tugged her emergency towel out of her bag and tossed it onto the ruined front seat, pressing it down hard to soak up whatever fresh puddles had leaked through. She cranked the heater, blasting it at full power, hoping somehow the warm air would dry enough of the evidence. Every second counted now. She peeled off her second ruined skirt and her sopping panties right there in the backseat, skin steaming from the heat, heart pounding. She wiped herself down as best she could with napkins and tissues from the glove box, cheeks burning at the sheer dirtiness of it all. Then she shimmied into a fresh skirt and dry panties, trying not to think about how she was still just a little damp.

Finally, she slid into the driver’s seat, perched delicately on top of the folded towel, adjusted the vents to keep blasting hot air onto the seats, and sped back to the dealership. She pulled into the lot just in time and parked the car as far as possible, lipstick reapplied, hair fluffed, her whole body still vibrating with the aftershocks of everything she had just done.

Once inside the training hall, Aletta sank into the hard plastic chair. She could feel her nether muscles aching and throbbing after fighting desperation all day. Her throat was dry and reluctantly she started sipping water from a huge water bottle. Hardly 15 minutes had passed, and she realized that her bladder was already refilling at a terrifying pace. every sip of water she'd gulped was slamming down into her already battered muscles. Her waistband dug into her lower belly, trapping the pressure inside a prison of tight polyester. Her thighs were squeezed together so hard that her legs ached.

But she wasn't alone. The whole training room was a battlefield of desperate, straining bodies.

Across the room, the other saleswomen writhed in their seats, Amanda, Chloe, and two newer girls from finance. None of them could sit still. Chloe was twisted sideways in her chair, one hand gripping her thigh under the table. Amanda kept bouncing one heel frantically. The other two whispered urgently, squirming, their short skirts hiked dangerously high from how much they had crossed and uncrossed their legs.

Small gasps and soft groans filled the room every few seconds. Aletta caught bits of their frantic whispers:

"I can't,I'm gonna pee myself...", "My skirt is cutting me in half...", "God, look at Rex,he’s dying,it’s so hot..."

Aletta could barely focus through her own haze of arousal and desperation, but they were right. Rex stood at the front of the room, trying to conduct the training session, and he looked absolutely wrecked. His face was flushed. A thin sheen of sweat glistened along his hairline. His legs shifted constantly behind the podium, crossing, uncrossing, bouncing at the knees. His hand kept wandering down to squeeze at his thigh subtly. His hips jutted slightly forward at an odd angle, clearly trying to take pressure off his bladder.

“Now the 2008 V-Volvo S80 T6... it comes with... with... standard all-wheel d-drive…” he stuttered, gripping the marker so hard his knuckles turned white. Aletta bit her lips, her thighs clenching tighter. The sound of him struggling, his strained voice, the way he had to pause mid-sentence, it sent fresh, waves of pressure through her bladder.

Rex cleared his throat, shifting again, and pushed on. “Leather i-interior... uhm... c-climate control... f-four-zone air,air filtration…”. His hand moved again, pressing the front of his pants for just a fraction of a second before he yanked it away, his professional mask cracking. The girls collectively moaned and gasped. Aletta’s heart pounded in her ears. Her bladder was full yet again and felt heavy. The tight waistband of her panties and skirt were again clinching it. Every spasm of her muscles shot hot, pulses between her legs. Her panties clung uncomfortably as pee started leaking. The chair beneath her felt too hard, and it clung to her ass as she got more and more sweaty. No matter how many times she crossed or uncrossed her legs, the pressure wouldn’t subside.

Across the room, Amanda whimpered softly and doubled over the table, bouncing both knees wildly. Chloe was openly biting her fist, rocking in her seat, her face red and dripping with sweat. Aletta couldn’t stop sipping her water because the room was getting hotter with the minute in the afternoon sun. Needless to say every sip felt like torture. But deep down, she wanted to own this feeling. To get even fuller. To make herself burst right alongside them. She tipped the bottled up again, gulping recklessly. “I can’t wait to go home…Just an hour more! I can do it!” She told herself.

Rex’s spoke again. “Th-there’s also... heated s-seats... and," he gasped slightly, shifting his weight, squeezing his thighs together so hard it was visible even from across the room, “p-p-pre-collision warning system…” His knees buckled slightly as he leaned harder onto the desk. Merely looking at him made her wince with arousal and desperation. She crossed her legs like a pretzel, rocking back and forth. She could feel her soaked panties rub against her sensitive swollen labia. Her bladder spasmed, and she whimpered softly under her breath, disguised as a cough. The atmosphere was unbearable. The air itself seemed thick with sweat, pheromones, desperation.

When Rex finally, mercifully, dismissed the training session, it wasn’t even orderly. Two of the saleswomen bolted for the door, muttering frantic excuses, skirts hiked up nearly to their hips as they practically ran toward the back of the dealership. Rex stayed leaning against the podium, face pale, breathing shallow. Aletta forced herself up out of her chair, holding her breath. She felt as if her muscles were on fire. Her lower belly was grotesquely swollen now, stretching her waistband and skirt taut. Her muscles were quivering, twitching uncontrollably with exhaustion. Her skin itched with sweat and shame and wicked, uncontrollable arousal.

As she passed Rex, he caught her wrist firmly. “You... y-you good?” he asked, voice cracking and somehow alluring.

Aletta nodded tightly, unable to get any words out without whimpering. Rex gave a tight, broken smile, like he knew they were both two seconds away from collapse, and let her go.

Aletta waddled out to the parking lot, every step tiny and stiff. “GOD! How the hell is he still holding it! HOTTTTT!”

She had intended to get into the driver’s seat, but there was no chance. It was two feet too far and her bladder was too full. The backseat was closer. Without even thinking, she yanked open the rear door and fell inside, landing heavily on the damp towel she'd left earlier. Her body was shaking violently, and her hands flew to her throbbing aching crotch. Thankfully her skirt was short enough to allow it. Her face scrunched up as she attempted squeezing hard, trying to hold back the flood for just a few more seconds. But the pressure was overwhelming. She could feel it, the hot, terrifying, inevitable swell inside her, pushing, forcing, breaking. Her bladder had enough, and she knew that there was no way she was making it home dry.

The pressure inside her was ungodly and her bladder was a swollen, rock-hard balloon, every nerve in her lower body stretched to its absolute breaking point. Her muscles spasmed violently, failing to hold it back. She ripped her skirt aside in the nick of time and then it happened. A hot, furious jet of pee forced its way out, soaking through the thin cotton of her panties with an audible hiss. She gasped, hips jerking against her hands.

“FUUUUCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKK!”, she whimpered breathlessly. But her body wasn't listening. Another spurt shot out. Then another. And then like a dam breaking, her floodgates broke open. For the fourth time in day, a torrent erupted from her throbbing nether, soaking the last empty seat. She cried out, head falling back against the headrest, hips rocking helplessly as she completely, uncontrollably flooded herself. The hissing sound filled the car, echoing off the windows. Hot piss poured out of her in a roaring torrent, splashing down her thighs, pooling instantly under her ass, soaking the towel, splattering onto the floor. She couldn’t think. Couldn’t breathe. Her fingers, tightly clutched her gushing pussy, but the flood refused to die. And then she accidentally rubbed her clit. And that was it! A jolt of arousal surged through her body.

She bit her lips and started stroking her swollen clit, as the hot river poured out of her, soaking everything beneath her. The once-pristine cream leather seat was utterly wrecked, dark, glistening patches spreading out in every direction, the polished surface now squelching wetly under her shifting hips. Her body was completely overwhelmed by the relief and the filthy, wicked pleasure burning through her. She moaned aloud, hips rocking desperately, the endless stream only making her wetter, hotter, hungrier. Puddles splashed between her thighs, running down the curves of the ruined seat, dripping relentlessly onto the expensive stitched floor mats.

“Oh my God,oh fuck,oh fuck,” she gasped, rubbing harder, her fingers slick and sliding as her bladder emptied and her orgasm climbed higher. The smell of hot piss and cheap air freshener filled the cabin, seeping into the once-luxurious leather, staining it with the overwhelming evidence of her loss of control. The puddle beneath her grew and grew, splashing audibly every time she shifted her hips, every time her trembling thighs clamped tighter around her own fingers. The cream leather was ruined now, visibly stained, rippling with every desperate rock of her body. Her bladder spasmed again, forcing out one last violent spurt just as her orgasm ripped through her, her back arching off the seat, her mouth open in a silent, broken scream. She collapsed back into the puddle, gasping, drenched, utterly undone. She lay there, panting, legs twitching, fingers still stimulating her nether, feeling the warmth of pee and the stickiness of her cum.

Aletta barely had time to catch her breath. The last shudders of her orgasm still shook her body when the door beside her suddenly open, and Rex slid inside, slamming it shut behind him. He was HARD and still holding it. The air between them was electric, hot, humid, thick with the overwhelming scent of leather, sweat, piss, and something dirtier. Rex’s eyes locked onto her, the soaked panties now nearly transparent clinging to her throbbing labia and the steaming pee on the floor. He didn’t speak. He didn’t have to.

He grabbed her face roughly, tilting her chin up, and kissed her, a raw, desperate crash of mouths and teeth and moans. Aletta whimpered into his kiss, tasting the salt of her own sweat, feeling his hands slide down her massive boobs and then gripping her hips with bruising strength. The leather seat beneath them squelched obscenely with every frantic movement. Rex pulled back just enough to look down at her, soaked, flushed, trembling.

“Jesus Christ, Aletta,” he growled, voice shredded with lust. “You’re... fuck, you’re perfect.”

She moaned helplessly, arching her hips up, grinding her soaked panties against the soaked leather, against his thigh. The sensation was overwhelming, the slippery, the heat between them, the way the puddle splashed under her ass, the way Rex’s muscles tensed with every barely-controlled movement. He reached down, yanked her soaked panties aside, and slid two fingers into her without warning.

Aletta gasped sharply, her hands flying to his shoulders, nails digging in. The movement splashed more of the puddle across the seat, the destroyed leather sticking wetly to the backs of her thighs, to the curve of her ass. Rex’s fingers moved roughly inside her, fast and relentless, curling with precision, drawing out ragged, broken moans from her throat.

"You're dripping," he rasped against her ear. Aletta whimpered, squeezing around his fingers, her body beyond shame now, beyond thought. Every squelch of the ruined seat beneath her made her hips jerk harder against him. Rex pulled back just slightly, enough to pop his belt open with shaking hands, unzipping his tight pants and briefs, his cock already hard, flushed, leaking against the open air. Aletta, dizzy and desperate, fumbled to help him, their fingers clashing clumsily. Then, without another word, he grabbed her soaked thighs, yanked her toward him, and plunged inside her in one deep, brutal thrust. Aletta moaned as he filled her completely.

Rex’s hands gripped her ass, dragging her down onto him again and again, their movements fast, frantic, messy. Every thrust splashed more of the puddle across the destroyed leather, warm liquid pooling around Rex’s knees, soaking into his slacks, but neither of them cared. Aletta clung to him, sobbing little gasps against his shoulder, her entire body shaking from the overload of sensation. and as he pounded her the whole car bounced and moved like a low rider.

Rex buried his face against her neck, moaning against her skin.

“I c-can’t...fuck, Aletta...I’m gonna,”

“Me too,” she gasped.

And with one final, violent thrust, they both came, shuddering violently against each other. Sweating and shaking. Rex collapsed against her, panting harshly, his forehead resting against hers. For a moment, there was nothing but the sound of their breathing, the soft dripping of liquid onto the floor mats, the obscene squelch every time they shifted slightly in the mess they'd made.

Aletta's thighs twitched around his hips. She let out a breathless, broken laugh.

“I think we destroyed this car,” she whispered.

Rex laughed too, low and wrecked. "I will manage...There's more to come though Aletta. Be ready”

They stayed tangled together, sticky and soaked and aching, not caring about anything beyond the filthy, perfect disaster they'd made.

- - - The End - - -

*002*2025-04-30 02:30

{{21 hours ago, FullBladder85 said:

Good to see you back and posting another story Rex.

The best part for me was definitely Rex and Aletta having lunch together, especially the end of the lunch where they both chose not to pee despite having a very full bladder. 🙂

}}

Hey buddy. Hearing from you always cheers me up. Thank you for reading the story. I know it's a little too long. I am looking for ideas for the sequel... How would you lead the story from here?

*004*2025-04-30 11:01

{{6 hours ago, FullBladder85 said:

Well the first thing that pops into my head as a natural sequel is Rex & Aletta going on some kind of trip/vacation where they unexpectedly don't have access to a working toilet. Or perhaps one of them has access to a public restroom with a working toilet, but not the other, who decides they have to a lady/gentleman and hold it until they can both pee. Maybe they finally find a toilet that the other can pee in, only for there to not a working toilet for themselves.

I'm not coming up with any other ideas that seem like they could work.

}}

This is interesting. I didn't think of it but the prospect of one holding in solidarity is surely pretty hot.

I wish the others here would also help me a bit 😄

*007*2025-05-03 13:09

{{On 5/1/2025 at 1:20 PM, Breepee said:

Happy to help with ideas.

- they go on holiday together and both hve to hold as the cabin doesn’t have a functioning toilet

- she forces Rex to hold to bursting and keeps teasing him with water sounds, images of toilets, her peeing. Until he is on the verge of peeing. Then she fucks him and he bursts inside her

- they have a contest at work to see who can make the other one burst, ends with them both being last to leave and the loses pees in Rex’s office

}}

I really louve the last idea. Wonder who should win the competition...🤩🤩🤩

{{On 5/2/2025 at 6:34 PM, Frooger said:

Amazing again Rex, so cool that you brought back Aletta and Rex.

Maybe next Alette decide to wear some really tight jeans too show Rex and rest that she is fine and she also know that she can'thave any accidents or the "whole world" she it.

Thanks again for bringing us so great stories

}}

Frooger! My buddy!

Yes, even I enjoyed bringing them back from the past. Tight is something that resonates with Aletta. Gotta mix it up 😍

*009*2025-05-04 07:21

{{4 hours ago, consch said:

I would be interested in reading more about women enjoying Rex's desperation. Perhaps an extremely wealthy female client is interested in purchasing an extremely expensive vehicle. Because of the client value, Rex personally assists Aletta with the negotiations, which might be conducted in Rex's own office. The client notices that Rex and Aletta both badly need to pee, and it makes her smile evilly. She does her best to draw the negotiations out as long as possible, and might tease Rex and Aletta about their visible discomfort. The client clearly seems more interested in tormenting Rex and Aletta, and watching their performance, than in negotiating a low price or expressing any real concerns about the vehicle, but neither Rex nor Aletta dare try to shorten the negotiations for fear of either losing the sale or making it at a lower price than they might otherwise have been able to.

}}

Ooooohhhh! This is HOT! I really like this angle. Should the lady be holding her pee as well? 🤩

*012*2025-05-06 14:51

{{On 5/4/2025 at 7:56 PM, consch said:

I would say no. I think I would find it more exciting if the client was in complete comfort (though perhaps rather horny) and able to fully appreciate the scene in front of her with no thoughts of her own about wrapping up the negotiations. Contrast appeals to me. But you can certainly go the other way if you think it makes more sense.

}}

The sadist pleasure! I get it! HOT!

{{On 5/4/2025 at 9:06 PM, rfthawne said:

I also really like the idea of them having a holding contest, with one idea being that maybe Rex starts off very confident because of how many times Aletta wet herself in the first story and wanting to tease her about her insistence she was trained and had never before then had a close call with the bathroom, but then maybe as the contest goes on Aletta is doing a lot better than he is and she starts to tease and flirt with him until he has an accident first.

}}

Ooohhh! The possibilities of the ideas are endless!

I am gonna put up the sequel by next week or so! Stay tuned! 😉

