A Complicated Conflict - A Toaru Majutsu no Index Fanfiction

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2022-06-06 06:03

Touma and Tsuchimikado were running down the streets of Academy City, headed straight for District 10. Tsuchimikado had explained to Touma the White Raven’s plan that he had caught wind of, and they were now headed straight for the White Raven’s hideout.

Or, at least, they would’ve been, if it weren’t for the distant sounds of a conflict elsewhere in District 10.

“Damn, and I’d been hoping to get the drop on them, too. I guess my information was off,” Tsuchimikado sighed.

“Well, all we can do is get there as quickly as possible, and stop them from taking over the nuclear plant, right?”

Tsuchimikado frowned, “It’s possible that will stop the conflict, but keep in mind, what Raechel Lancaster told the White Ravens to do is not necessarily what she’s after. She’s leading them on too, after all, and as good as my intelligence-gathering is, I could only ascertain the plans that she relayed to Skill-Out. In fact, I think it’s quite likely that the attack on the nuclear facility is jut a cover for some ulterior motive.”

“Then how are we supposed to stop her if we don’t even know her real goal?”

“Well, even if she was lying to the White Ravens, since it’s her plan, they’d be likely to expect her to help them lead the charge. I’m sure she’ll be directing things somewhere from the frontlines. Our priority now is to get to the fight, and locate Lancaster as quickly as possible before she can set her true plan into motion.”

“Got it!”

With that, the two continued charging forwards, heading straight for the sounds of gunfire and fighting in the distance. By the time they got there, there were already a significant number of Anti-Skill and Judgment members fighting the White Ravens, who were using the Lazarus bandages openly and freely, wrapping around their arms and legs.

However, almost suddenly, one member of the White Ravens collapsed abruptly, screaming out in pain, and Tsuchimikado grit his teeth.

“What’s wrong? Why did he suddenly collapse?” Touma asked.

“Did you forget what I said the Lazarus bandages do? They turn ‘normal people’ into ‘magicians’, or at least, they allow normal people to harness magic without proper training. But these aren’t ‘normal people’. Even if they’re Level 0s, they’re still espers. Their body will eventually break down from its use.”

Touma immediately looked to the other White Raven members, still using the bandages to cast spells.

“Then how come everyone else isn’t collapsing? I thought an esper’s body rejects magic violently?”

“Ordinarily, it does,” Tsuchimikado explained, nodding, “But in this case, the Lazarus bandages are designed to handle most of the spell-casting. They’re serving as a barrier separating these Level 0s from the magic. Of course, it’s only a partial separation, so with each use, they’re bodies are slowly accumulating damage from the magic. I bet with how hard they’re fighting, that by now all of them are in serious pain at the very least.”

Touma clenched his fists, “So, Raechel turned them into her own disposable pawns, knowing full well eventually their bodies would give out!?”

“Yeah,” Tsuchimikado grit his teeth, looking down at the member who collapsed and stood up, “Touma, I’ll stay here and help deal with the gang members who collapse. Anti-Skill won’t know how to properly handle their wounds. You go on ahead and find Raechel Lancaster. Hopefully she’s headed to that building over there in the distance, that’s the nuclear facility they’re supposedly after.”

Touma, too, clenched his jaw, and nodded, balling his right fist, “Right!”

He began charging forwards, trying to push past towards the nuclear facility. He seemed to get noticed by one of the White Raven members, who charged at him and launched a strong gust of wind his way. Touma instinctively held up his right hand and the gust of wind was negated, catching the gang member off-guard. Touma then charged forwards at them, quickly placing his hand on the wrappings around the man’s arm. Instantly the Lazarus bandages were ripped apart, and the White Raven member reacted in shock.

Before he could regain his senses, Touma threw a single punch at him, hitting him square in the jaw and knocking him onto his back. No other White Raven members seemed eager to chase after him, so he continued to charge forwards, past the frontline, and eventually made it past. A couple of White Raven members began chasing after him. There were too many for Touma to take out at once, and his priority was the facility, so he tried to lose them. However, they were hot on his tail, and they were also throwing spells his way to stop him or slow him down.

One bent down, and a line of ice shot out towards his foot, binding him in place. As Touma tried to break the ice free, another one charged straight at him, swinging at him with a bat.

Suddenly, sparks shot out from the side and struck the White Raven member with the bat. He recovered, looking around, only to get pelted by a stream of rubber bullets.

Touma, meanwhile, was able to break free just as another member of the white ravens, a woman with glasses, charged at him. Touma side-stepped her punch, which erupted into fire that shot past him harmlessly. He then grabbed her arm with his hand, once again immediately destroying the Lazarus bandages wrapped around it. She staggered backwards into the third member who was chasing him, and they both tumbled over. Before either could get back up, a familiar face jumped in and quickly zapped both of them, incapacitating them as well before looking up at Touma.

“Misaka is surprised to see you here, Misaka lies, unsurprised you’d charge into danger recklessly.”

“Ah, Misaka, I’m surprised to see you here too,” Touma replied, seemingly ignoring her quip about him being reckless.

Standing before him was Misaka 10032, one of Misaka Mikoto’s clones who now lived freely in Academy City. She was wearing her special military-grade goggles over her eyes and holding a rifle loaded with rubber bullets for suppression.

“Misaka was enjoying a nice stroll through the city when she heard the commotion, and decided to make her way here. That’s when Misaka saw you getting chased, and thought to offer her assistance, Misaka explains.”

“Ah, well, if you want to help me, I’m looking for the person who’s behind all of this! Apparently they’re headed to that nuclear facility,” Touma pointed up at the building still in the distance, but now much closer.

“Misaka will accompany you, Misaka agrees. Misaka has been training her abilities somewhat, and is eager to show off.”

Touma didn’t seem to catch it, but the slightest blush crept up onto her face as she admitted that.

“Thanks a bunch, Misaka! Come on!”

Grateful for the extra help, Touma began charging down the street again, making a beeline for the nuclear facility. 10032 charged down the street after him. It had been a while since she had seen him, and on top of that, she had heard of his time together with the original, which just so happened to coincide with what she considered the most embarrassing day of her life, where a weird quirk of the Misaka Network had filled her bladder suddenly, and she ultimately wound up wetting herself in the middle of the street.

She found out a couple of things after that incident. The first was that the phenomenon was, indeed, caused by Last Order, the controller of the Misaka Network who was linked to each and every one of the remaining clones. Since then, the phenomenon seemed to be subsiding, but she had experienced it a few more times. The other thing she found out was, that on that day, Touma and Misaka Mikoto herself went to Infinity Festival, the same amusement park that had been her original destination. If she hadn’t been caught in such an embarrassing situation, she might’ve even met up with them at the park.

Hehe, Misaka can imagine the Original’s face if Misaka had shown up there suddenly… hehehe…

Pushing those thoughts to the back of her mind, 10032 looked forwards, gazing at the back of Touma’s head as he charged forwards with determination. Today was her day to spend time with him, and no strange phenomenon with her bladder was going to ruin that.

###

“I’m from Judgment, get back here!” Kuroko called out, bringing attention to her arm band as she chased a bunch of members of the White Raven. There seemed to be a team of 8 or 9 members heading towards the back of the mall, carrying some sort of device. They had caught them off-guard and they immediately began running. If Mikoto was going to guess, this was the crew headed for the nuclear plant.

“Damn brats,” one of them, a lanky man with an open shirt, called back.

“Be careful,” A larger man in the front chided, “Both of them are high-level Espers. Especially the brown-haired girl. She’s the Railgun.”

“The third-strongest?” Another member, a girl wearing an oversized hoodie called back, turning to look at Mikoto directly.

“Shit, that is her!” the lanky man called.

“Daisuke,” the large man in the front turned around, “Me, Fumiko, Haru, and Shizu will stay here and hold them off! You take Miyagawa-san and the others and take the nuclear plant.”

“I’m counting on you, Handa,” another man towards the front, Daisuke, nodded, and the group split.

The lanky man, the large man, named Handa, the girl with the hoodie, and another woman wearing a tank top and pants turned around and stayed to face them.

Mikoto grit her teeth. All that running had done a number on her bladder, and the last thing she wanted was an all-out fight. Unfortunately, it was 4-on-2, and she knew she was dealing with Skill-Out members who were now effectively ability users.

She immediately shot out an arc of lightning at the largest man, who seemed to be their leader. He dodged swiftly, and countered with a jet of flame. Mikoto dodged backwards, wincing as she hit the ground hard. All the vibrations went straight to her full bladder.

Trying not to let that phase her, she immediately aimed another arc at the large man, but it was blocked by some sort of barrier created by the woman with the tank-top. She then charged forwards at Mikoto with an iron pipe, and Mikoto was forced to side-step to dodge. She wound up and kicked the woman, her leg sparking with electricity, but once again, she put up some kind of barrier that blocked her attack in midair.

Mikoto looked over to see if Kuroko was faring any better, but it looked like she was in the middle of trying to pin down the girl with the hoodie, while the lanky man was using some sort of ability to increase his speed. Even with Kuroko’s teleportation, he seemed impossible to catch.

“Where are you looking, sweetie?” the woman asked.

She lowered the barrier and grabbed Mikoto’s leg, which was no longer charged with electricity. She swung Mikoto around and tossed her, sending her tumbling to the ground. Mikoto gasped and squeezed her thighs together at the shock to her bladder. She pressed and squeezed her legs together as she pushed herself up off the ground, trying not to give too much away about her need to pee.

Wanting to finish the fight quickly, she charged up electricity as the woman once again charged in with the pipe. She swung it at Mikoto, aiming for a blow to the head, but Mikoto grabbed a hold of it directly as she blocked it, sparks flying from her hair.

“Bad idea,” Mikoto glared at her. The woman barely had time to react before a powerful surge of electricity went through the pipe and hit the woman directly. No barrier to block that.

The woman fell over just as Kuroko finished off the other two, finally catching the speeding man and pinning him to the ground with her nails. The two then turned their attention to the larger man, who sighed and turned around to run, rather than put up a fight.

“Oh no you don’t!” Kuroko called out as she began chasing after him. Mikoto paused. The fight earlier had definitely jostled her around, and now she was seriously feeling the need to pee. She looked around, shuffling her legs together as she realized her need to pee was growing quite urgent.

Could I slip away and use the restrooms here? It’s abandoned, so I don’t even know if they’re open! Besides, I can’t leave Kuroko on her own!

Gritting her teeth, she charged forwards after Kuroko. Handa slipped into some sort of side-room in the mall, and Kuroko went charging after him. Mikoto ran after them too, and soon the two of them found themselves in a large, open rectangular room with doors on both sides.

Handa slipped through the door on the other side of the room, and suddenly Mikoto heard a loud click come from the other side. Kuroko got to the door first, and tried to open it to continue their pursuit, but the door seemed locked.

Mikoto, who was still on the other side of the room, turned around to check the door behind her, but that too was locked.

“Nee-sama, I think we’re trapped,” Kuroko replied, turning to Mikoto with a worried expression.

“What?” Misaka exclaimed, a bit more worried than normal due to her current state of desperation, “Can’t you teleport us out of here?”

“I’ve already tried, but there’s something about this room, it’s affecting my abilities.”

Mikoto tested her own abilities, and she was still able to control her electricity just fine.

“Stand back,” Mikoto warned, and Kuroko immediately jumped back from the door. Mikoto retrieved an arcade coin from her pocket and pointed it at the locked door. She fired a Railgun directly at it, but the blast exploded outwards and seemed to dissipate into the walls the second it struck the door.

Suddenly, a crackling could be heard, and a voice came over speakers built into the ceiling of the room. It was Handa, the man they’d been chasing.

“It’s no use. This room was built for testing Esper abilities. It’s equipped with an emergency AIM-field jammer, which is why you can’t teleport out of there,” Handa explained, “Apparently your unique ability as an electromaster allows you to block out the electromagnetic frequencies that the jammer uses, but the walls and doors are reinforced. You won’t be getting through anytime soon.”

“You led us into a trap!” Kuroko called out.

“We had this set up in case any particularly powerful espers got involved,” Handa admitted, “Though, I feel rather lucky I wasn’t up against any of the other Level 5s.”

“Let us out of here!” Mikoto yelled, but she realized it was useless. They were truly trapped, and the only one who knew they were down there was Handa himself. They couldn’t count on a speedy rescue.

Ordinarily, that would’ve been annoying, but right now, for Mikoto, it was more than an inconvenience that put her out of the fight. She had to pee. She really had to pee. Not only that, but she was now trapped in the room with Kuroko, the one person she desperately didn’t want to find out that she had to pee, and that would likely tease her relentlessly if she found out.

Mikoto grit her teeth, feeling her bladder spasm in her abdomen as she glared at the door. Out of sheer frustration, she pulled out one, two, three, four more arcade coins and tried to blast down the door, firing off railgun after railgun in quick succession.

By the end, she was standing there, panting and squirming in place, as the smoke cleared to reveal the door wasn’t even dented.

Suddenly, she was struck by a powerful wave of desperation, and she immediately doubled over, a motion that Kuroko misidentified as her having overexerted herself.

“Nee-sama, are you okay?”

Mikoto played it up, collapsing to the floor and conveniently letting her hands slip between her legs as she sat down, trying to force back the urge to pee. She managed to regain herself and looked up at Kuroko, who was staring down at her, worried.

“I’m fine,” she lied, trying to hide her desperate shuffling as much as possible.

This is bad! This is really bad, I can’t ignore it anymore, I’m definitely desperate! It’s not quite at the level as it was that day at Infinity Festival, but…

Mikoto rubbed her legs together and tried not to think about the very real possibility that, now that she was trapped here, she could seriously wind up wetting herself.

###

Misaka 10032 and Touma were almost at the nuclear facility, and were keeping their eyes peeled for any signs of the White Raven. Surprisingly, however, despite this supposedly being the gang’s objective, the area around the facility was eerily quiet.

Of course, there were Anti-Skill vans and barricades set up around it, and Misaka was sure they wouldn’t just let her and Touma charge past just because they said they were helping, so they were now slipping in through the back alleys.

They were making their way through a rather narrow one, with Touma leading the way and Misaka close behind, when suddenly the Misaka felt an unfortunately familiar sensation strike her abdomen.

Misaka can’t believe this. This is the worst time for that phenomenon to return.

Indeed, despite being comfortably empty not moments ago, suddenly 10032’s bladder filled up, and rather suddenly too. She found herself taking advantage of being out of Touma’s line of sight and shuffling desperately, briefly pressing her hand against her crotch.

The desperation had come on quickly, and Misaka was trying to regain control. She hoped that it was just from the initial shock of her needing to pee so suddenly, but even as she shuffled behind Touma, the urge to pee didn’t subside.

Misaka can’t believe this. It’s worse than the other times. Misaka isn’t sure if she can even fight like this.

And yet, she wanted to impress Touma, and today she was spending time with him, at least as far as trying to resolve a dangerou situation with a Skill-Out gang could be considered spending time together. She cursed at her bladder and the strange phenomenon for trying to ruin that now, and tried to think about what she was going to do.

Misaka can’t just slip off and use the back alleys. He’ll notice that right away. Can Misaka hold it through the fight?

As if trying to answer that question for her, her bladder spasmed again, and she rubbed her thighs together and fought back yet another wave as she tried not to make it too obvious that she was slowing down and walking awkwardly.

“It looks like this alley gets really tight up ahead, we’ll have to go in sideways,” Touma pointed out, “Maybe we shouldn’t have come this way after all.”

“It’s better than running into Anti-Skill in an already tense situation, Misaka points out.”

The last thing she wanted to do at this point was turn back and make their trip longer.

Touma squeezed in before her, and then 10032 squeezed in after. At first, she didn’t mind the narrow walls. She was able to conceal more of her urgent shuffling with the awkwardness of her sideways walk. Unfortunately, the walls narrowed even tighter, and she could feel them squeeze up against her. The tight alleyway pressed down on her distended bladder, and her sudden desperation shot through the roof once more.

Misaka is going to pee. Misaka can’t hold it. Misaka needs to get out of this alley right now.

She could feel the pressure build as she desperately fought against her bladder, but it felt like she was going to leak any second. Even worse, Touma was turned sideways too, and could see her. He was also struggling a lot more through the narrow passage, slowing down their progress.

10032 wanted to shamelessly hold herself. To reach down and press down hard on her crotch to keep the sudden flood of urine inside of her. Unfortunately, she just happened to be in the alley with the one person in Academy City she wouldn’t dare do that in front of.

She let out a small gasp as she felt a leak escape into her panties and froze. She froze and clenched all her muscles with all her might. She managed to stop before her leak turned into a full-on trickle, but she could feel a damp patch on the crotch of her panties. She sincerely hoped that, if she did make it out of this alley dry, that she wouldn’t have to do much jumping around in the upcoming fight.

Somehow, she managed to maintain her composure and hold it all the way through the alley, and as Touma stretched obliviously next to her, sighing about how glad he was to be able to move properly, 10032 was practically dancing in desperation behind him.

Please don’t turn around. Please don’t turn around. Please don’t turn around, Misaka begs.

Once she regained a semblance of her composure, she continued onwards with Touma. Unfortunately, that also meant running again, and now, each step sent uncomfortable vibrations through her bladder. She was full glad she was wearing her goggles. She was sure they were doing a lot to conceal the beads of sweat on her forehead, and the discomfort, or what little there was on her stoic face.

After some uncomfortable running, the two successfully made it to the nuclear facility. However, it didn’t appear like anyone was here yet.

“Looks like we made it here before they did… that is, if they’re even still headed this way,” Touma noted.

“Maybe Misaka should look around, just in case, Misaka suggests.”

While Misaka did want to help Touma and look around, she also very urgently wanted to slip away so she could relieve herself somewhere.

“No, we should stay together,” Touma immediately shot down, “We don’t know what their plans are, or how many of them are headed this way.”

Misaka nodded, rubbing her thighs together subtly, and clenching her teeth, somewhat annoyed that her plan didn’t work.

Misaka should just tell him she needs to pee. That would be the normal thing to do in this situation. So why does Misaka get so nervous just with the thought of saying it out loud?

Logically, she knew that continuing to hold it in this impossible situation and inevitably wetting herself would be far more embarrassing than just admitting that she had to go, but 10032 was having an incredibly difficult time actually mustering the courage to say it out loud.

Another strong wave of desperation struck Misaka, and she immediately tensed up, resisting the urge to jam her hands down her skirt with all she had. She was sure she was going to let out another leak, but somehow, she was able to bring her body under control just by squeezing her thighs together and trying not to make her desperate squirms obvious to the spiky-haired boy in front of her.

That was enough to make up her mind. 10032 turned to Touma and opened her mouth, ready to admit her urgent need and excuse herself.

Unfortunately, just then, the two heard voices, and Touma quickly grabbed Misaka’s hand. He lunged behind a large piece of machinery as the voices grew closer. The shock made Misaka leak again, but with Touma’s attention focused on the voices, she was able to grab herself and regain control once more. Now, however, the wet patch on her panties was bigger and uncomfortable, and 10032 couldn’t help but squirm as they crouched down to observe.

Four figures made their way around the corner. There was a tall man with tattoos across his body, an elegant blonde-haired woman with green eyes, a tall, but rather plain-looking man, and another woman who was shirtless except for a chest wrap, and was holding a katana prominently on her shoulders.

They were accompanied by another woman, with long violet hair, wearing a familiar cloak. Touma immediately narrowed his eyes.

“That’s Raechel Lancaster, she’s the one behind all of this.”

They made their way to the center of the power plant and placed what appeared to be a giant trunk on the ground. It looked like they were discussing something, but 10032 couldn’t focus at all on what they were saying. All she could focus on was her full bladder, and how much she just wanted to rush off behind another machine and let it all out.

Suddenly, another spasm shot through her, and she staggered, jamming her heel hard against her crotch to regain control. The sudden movement made a noise, and the four members of the White Raven and Raechel all stopped talking. They looked around, and 10032 and Touma both held their breath.

Unfortunately, they all seemed to zone in on their position regardless, and the woman with the katana sliced towards them, and a wave of energy shot out, striking the machine they were crouched behind. It split open violently and both Touma and Misaka barely had enough time to dodge. Misaka lunged backwards out of the way and nearly wet herself as she landed.

There was chance for a bathroom break anymore, and Misaka wouldn’t be able to slip off to pee somewhere either. She only desperately hoped that she could hold out throughout the fight, even as she desperately fought back against another leak.

###

I have to pee! I have to pee! I have to pee! I have to pee! I have to pee! I have to pee! Oh my god, I have to pee!

Mikoto was really starting to struggle.

She was sitting stark still, trying desperately not to squirm, or hold herself, or give anything away to Kuroko. But it was starting to become more and more impossible for her to hide her desperation.

Her bladder felt like a rock, sitting swollen and uncomfortable in her abdomen. The adrenaline from all the action had pushed her growing desperation to the back of her mind, but now all that running around on a full bladder was starting to hit her hard. She was currently sitting on the floor with her heel jammed subtly against her crotch, but even that was only giving her a sliver of relief.

“Onee-sama, you look unwell, are you okay?” Kuroko asked. She plopped down next to her and hugged her, something which only served to further justle Mikoto’s full bladder.

Hiding her irritation, Mikoto nodded, “Y-yes, sorry, I’m just worried about what’s happening outside. You still can’t get in touch with Uiharu or anyone?”

“No luck,” Kuroko sighed, “I bet along with jamming esper abilities, this room jams radio communications too.”

Mikoto sighed and gritted her teeth. There really was no telling how long they’d be stuck in here. That was bad for a number of different reasons, but most urgently was that Mikoto was quickly running out of time, and she knew it.

I can’t believe this! This was the one situation I was afraid of, getting stuck in a situation where I have to hold it! And I was so careful, too! I really just should’ve gone earlier!

Hindsight would not save Mikoto from her full bladder now, however, and as she tried to lean back and focus on holding it, she was struck with another strong, desperate wave, and she stifled a gasp as she squeezed her legs together and tried not to break out into a full-on pee dance in front of Kuroko.

Kuroko was still fiddling with her phone, testing if she could get any signal out there, so Mikoto got away with it this time, but she knew that sooner or later, Kuroko would find out that she was desperate. Mikoto just really, really hoped that wouldn’t be when her bladder gave out and she wet herself in front of her roommate, again.

“Onee-sama, what if… what if we’re stuck in here all night, what if we’re trapped, with no way out, forever?” Kuroko began, clearly being melodramatic, and Mikoto was worried about where she was going with it, “So, Onee-sama, if we wind up dying here, won’t you at least grace me with your first kis-zzzzzzssssaaaaauuuuuuggggggghhhhhhhh!”

Kuroko had puckered her lips and leaned into Mikoto, and had received a nasty shock for her troubles. Mikoto was usually annoyed at Kuroko’s shenanigans and theatrics, but now of all times she had almost no patience for them.

“How cruel, Onee-sama! To think that you would reject my advances even in a dire situation like this, I’m wounded!”

“Knock it off!” Mikoto crossed her arms, snapping at Kuroko a bit more than usual due to her desperate situation, “They’ll resolve this situation and find us soon enough, I’m sure.”

Mikoto said that, but realistically, with how strong the White Ravens seemed, she had no reason to believe that. Worse still, Kuroko even just suggesting they might be trapped in there for an extended period of time was enough to make Mikoto’s swollen bladder tighten in protest, trying to squeeze out it’s pent-up contents, as if to say “you’re going to be here for a while, so might as well just let it out”.

The wave that struck Mikoto from that was too much. She felt a leak escape into her panties. She tried to squeeze down on it to stop it, but when she felt herself dribble again, Mikoto was forced to drop all pretenses and jam both hands between her legs. She pressed her fingers tight against her crotch and squeezed her eyes shut, letting out a desperate moan as she fought to stem the flow.

She managed it, and she felt the wave subside before she wound up leaking into her panties anymore. Unfortunately, even though she managed to contain the flood, her display did not go unnoticed my Kuroko, who was sitting next to her with a sly, knowing look on her face.

“Oho~” Kuroko smiled, holding a hand up to her face, “Could it be? Perhaps the reason why my Onee-sama rejected me so harshly earlier is because… she needs to pee?”

“S-shut up!” Mikoto blushed, “I don’t have… I don’t have to pee!”

“Oh, come now, Onee-sama,” Kuroko teased, “You’re squirming around desperately! It’s clear that you’re absolutely bursting!”

If Mikoto wasn’t using them to stopper up all the pent up urine trying to escape, she would’ve buried her head in her hands. This was exactly the situation she wanted to avoid. Now Kuroko knew she had to pee, and she was sure the red-haired girl wouldn’t let up on the teasing.

“You’re not going to wet yourself again, are you, Onee-sama?” Kuroko teased, and Mikoto immediately shot daggers at her.

“Of course not! I can hold it, I just…” Mikoto looked away, “Please stop teasing me about it!”

Mikoto expected more teasing to come her way, but surprisingly, Kuroko nodded, merely once again wrapping her arms around Mikoto, taking care not to shake her this time, and nodding.

“Alright, hang in there, Onee-sama!”

Mikoto was grateful for Kuroko’s understanding, but even with that, and the fact that she was now openly holding it in front of her, Mikoto was seriously wondering if she was seriously going to be able to hold it until they made it out of here. She closed her eyes, focusing on holding it, and desperately hoped that the situation outside would resolve itself.

###

At the nuclear facility, the battle had truly started. Touma had his hands full trying to fight off both the unassuming man with brown hair, and the woman with the katana. Meanwhile, Misaka was struggling with the other two members of the White Raven, the woman with long, blonde hair, and the large man with tattoos. Touma’s true target, Raechel Lancaster, was behind, seemingly setting something up in the background.

Although, technically speaking, Misaka 10032 was also struggling with a hidden third opponent, her overfull bladder, which was making dodging attacks, let alone countering with any of her own, incredibly difficult.

She dodged to the side and dove behind cover just as the woman with the long blonde hair shot at her with what looked like a normal gun. From what Misaka had gathered, her name was Sugita, and she seemed to be the only one not using an ability. Whatever that weird black tape was, she didn’t have it wrapped around her arms.

The larger man covered in tattoos, however, was using an ability, and 10032 barely managed to dodge again just as he swung around the corner with his fist. The black wrappings around them glowed and the wall where Misaka had just been cracked from the sheer force of the punch. Whatever he was using, it was not normal human strength.

She nearly staggered and leaked again as the jolt from her dodge shot through her, but she managed to ignore it and through sheer will hold on. She then fired back at the man with her own gun, and he too dove behind cover. Unfortuantely, the vibrations from merely firing the weapon went straight through her, and 10032 nearly doubled over in an attempt not to lose it right there.

This is bad. Misaka can’t fight like this. Misaka can barely focus on holding it, let alone the fight…

She quickly tried to charge up energy for an electric shock, but before she had the chance, Sugita had closed in. She aimed the gun directly at 10032, and Misaka barely had the chance to dodge to the side and grab Sugita’s arm before twisting it to try to get her to drop the weapon. Before she did, however, the tattooed man charged in, his fist glowing again, and 10032 was forced to lunge back yet again.

She once again stumbled from the sheer jolt to her bladder her actions caused. This time, however, she managed to recover fast enough to retaliate with a jolt of electricity straight into Sugita. She spasmed and fell backwards, and the man with the tattoos charged in angrily. Misaka then tried to suppress him with her gun, but once again the recoil sent vibrations straight into her bladder, and Misaka lightened up off the trigger.

The man started charging her again, and 10032 made her choice. She once again held down the trigger and fired straight at him, pelting him with rubber rounds meant for suppression.. The vibrations caused her to let out a leak, and then another, but she merely squeezed her muscles as tightly as she could and pushed the man back. She then charged up another strong electric current and the arc swung like a whip as it struck the man square in the chest. He staggered backwards and fell down, incapacitated.

Misaka nearly doubled over as she jammed both hands between her legs, barely managing to stave off her leaks before they became something more substantial. Even then, she could feel it. The crotch of her panties were soaked, and she doubted she’d be able to hold on through any more leaks.

Luckily for her, she was able to watch the end of Touma’s fight as well. The woman with the katana had kept him at bay, but as soon as he managed to charge in, he destroyed the strange black wrappings on her arms and legs, and after that he caught her off guard with an upper-cut to the jaw.

Seeing he was the last man standing, the unassuming man sighed, and unbuttoned his shirt. His chest was covered with scars, and he had a tattoo of a large, white raven across his chest.

“I am Suno Daisuke, leader of the White Ravens, and I don’t intend to let a punk stop what we have set in motion,” he replied.

“I think you mean what I’ve set in motion,” Raechel spoke from behind him.

“W-what do you mean, Miyagawa-sa-mmmph!”

Raechel had opened the trunk-like device, and there were more wrappings much like the black wrappings around the White Raven members reaching out of it. These however, seemed to have a mind of their own. They wrapped around Daisuke and dragged him to the trunk, pinning him down, and suddenly an old, leather-bound book began floating out of it.

“First of all, my name’s not Miyagawa Reika. That was an alias I used to blend in. Secondly, I never intended to let you take the nuclear plant. You, nor any of your White Raven lackeys. I merely needed your body, and this location, which happens to be the perfect coordinates to harness the powers of this grimoire of mine. With it, I will invoke the Great Litany and destroy half of Academy City.”

10032 knew the stakes to this were high, but she never knew they were that high. However, as much as she wanted to keep fighting, all she could do to stay dry at this point was to stand there, desperately shuffling, as she watched Touma grit his teeth listening to Raechel’s plan.

“I needed the White Ravens to serve as a distraction, and I also needed a body other than my own to invoke the Grimoire. Well, I suppose I could’ve done so myself, but it would destroy my mind. So I also needed the Lazarus bandages to grant an unwitting pawn the ability to activate the spell in my stead.”

“You manipulated everyone into thinking you were fighting for them, and used them, even though you knew it would destroy their bodies. And for what, to destroy half of Academy City and frame it on Necessarius?”

“I need to force Necessarius into this war. They’ve been sitting back and letting things happen for far too long. They even made a deal with that rotten bastard. A stupid kid like you who doesn’t know anything about the history of magic, or the darkness in this city, can’t say anything about my plans!”

“To hell I can’t!”

Touma shot forwards and immediately punched Raechel square in the jaw. She seemed caught off-guard, looking up at Touma angrily.

“This city has its dark side, and you’re right, I don’t know a lot about the magic side, apart from what people want to tell me, but how many innocent lives do you think live in the half of Academy City you want to willingly destroy?”

Touma charged in again, and this time Raechel seemed prepared for it. She dodged to the side, and soon the two were fighting back and forth, with magic on one side and Touma’s Imagine Breaker on the other.

10032 simply watched. She briefly considered running off to pee while Touma was preoccupied, but she had to make sure he would be safe, and she wanted to be ready to step in if he needed her. Unfortunately, this also left her dancing on the sidelines, barely managing to keep all her pent-up urine inside.

Suddenly, a spot tucked away close by caught the corner of her eye. It was definitely nothing like a proper bathroom, but if she could slip away and let it out then and there, she could be back and ready to help Touma at a second’s notice, even more than ready, because she would no longer be fighting against her intense desperation.

She danced there desperately, holding herself openly by this point, and debated whether she should rush off while Touma was fighting, or stay and watch. It looked like he had the upper hand, but Raechel was fighting back well, and the last thing 10032 wanted to do was rush off just when Touma needed her the most.

She was torn, her bladder was screaming at her to go, but her desire to help Touma kept her planted there, dancing in place even though she was on the verge of wetting herself.

Suddenly, Touma charged at Raechel, and she dodged to the side, not wanting to get struck again. However, that seemed to be what Touma was counting on, he reached past her and placed his right hand on the bandages wrapping around Daisuke and pinning him in place, and the second he did, they practically exploded, ripping themselves to shreds and falling uselessly around them. Daisuke stood up, moving his limbs now that he was free, and the two glared at Raechel.

“W-wait! I can still activate the spell! I’ll have to do it myself now, but if one of you makes a single move, I’ll-”

Before she could continue, Touma dove in and punched her once more, striking her square in the jaw with a powerful crack. Before she could recover, Daisuke grabbed her hands and tied her up, before sitting down on the ground, looking defeated.

“Hey, thanks, kid,” Daisuke nodded at Touma.

“What do you plan to do now?” Touma asked.

“All of this is crazy. I don’t even know if I believe half of what you guys were saying with the spells and magic and shit. But all I know is that we were tricked, and our whole plan was a farce. I’ll tell the White Ravens to stand down. Whatever happens now happens.”

Satisfied with that, Touma nodded, and turned around, trying to find Misaka.

However, Misaka 10032 was no longer standing where she had been. The second she saw that the battle was won, she dashed off to find somewhere, anywhere to pee. Unfortunately, Touma had no way of knowing this, so naturally, he jumped to a far worse conclusion, that something must’ve happened to her.

“Misaka!” Touma called out, looking around.

He charged out of the nuclear facility and looked around down the street, barely managing to catch a glimpse of 10032 turning down an alleyway. Immediately, he began chasing after her, even as she desperately rushed off to find a suitable place to pee.

###

Mikoto couldn’t hold it anymore.

She just couldn’t, she was at her limit. It didn’t matter how much she squirmed, or shuffled, or held on, she had taxed her bladder to the extreme. Somehow, she felt like she had to go even worse than the day she was with Touma, although she doubted she had been holding it nearly that long.

She danced and squirmed on the floor of the room she and Kuroko were locked in, even as Kuroko tried not to tease her too much about it.

As Mikoto fought off another painful, desperate wave, sweat rolling down her brow and her hands jammed against her crotch tightly, Kuroko spoke up again.

“Onee-sama… really, I don’t think you should try to hold it in anymore.”

“I-I’m fine, Kuroko!” Mikoto lied, though the two of them both knew she couldn’t fool anyone like this.

“Onee-sama, I will turn around, you can go,” Kuroko offered, “I promise I won’t peak, or listen to it, or smell it, or-”

Even in her desperate state, Mikoto was still able to let out an angry spark, “You’re not helping, Kuroko!”

“S-sorry, Onee-sama…”

Mikoto continued to struggle in silence, letting out another moan of desperation as she fought back another leak. This wave hit hard and fast, and she wasn’t entirely successful. She managed to leak enough that she could feel a coin-sized wet patch on her spats. She could only imagine the panties underneath were completely soaked.

“Of course, if it’s leaving a puddle behind that Onee-sama is so worried about, then I could offer myself up as-”

“Kuroko, please,” Mikoto practically begged. She was shaking at this point, “That’s not helping, I can hold it, I just… need to focus…”

Even as she said that, however, Mikoto’s resolve was seriously waning. It was just Kuroko here, after all, and no one would have any way of knowing if it was her’s or Kuroko’s. Her bladder was screaming out for relief, she was so desperate it almost hurt, and the very last thing she wanted to do was to wet herself.

Another strong wave hit Mikoto, and once again she let a leak out, the wet spot on her spats growing. It took all her willpower to stem the flow, but that was all she had left. She made up her mind.

“Okay, Kuroko, I’ll-”

Just as Mikoto resolved to pee right there, the sound of a click opened up. Handa opened up the door and pointed to the exit calmly.

“Boss just called, we got tricked. Our plan failed,” he spoke calmly, “You said you were from Judgment earlier, right? Well go ahead, arrest me.”

Before either of them could even respond, Mikoto had shot up and was rushing out the door. The running was doing a number on her already taxed bladder, and she could feel with each step she was letting out dribble after dribble, but she was beyond caring right now. She had gotten her freedom. She just needed to go.

The stairway Handa had came from head up to the side streets, and Mikoto looked around, dancing desperately as she tried to find her bearings. Of course, with the run-down state District 10 was in, there was no way she thought she was going to find an open convenience store or anywhere she could use the restroom proper. Out of time and options, Mikoto dived into the alleys, looking for a suitable place to pee.

Coincidentally, at the same time, Misaka 10032 had reached her limit, and found a dark alley. She tucked down, glancing down both ends of the alleyway, which were rather exposed, before hiking down her soaking panties. She hadn’t even fully squatted down before the dams burst. Her pee shot out of her in a powerful spray, splashing the wall in front of her with a loud hiss. She braced herself against the wall and let out a loud, pleasured sigh as she finally tasted the relief her bladder had been fighting her for.

Mikoto, who was equally at her limits, turned down the alley where 10032 was relieving herself, and the second she registered the sight, she nearly lost it right there. She tucked down out of the alley and grabbed herself, feeling small leaks start to dribble down her legs. She needed to do the same thing.

However, just then, she heard a familiar voice calling out, “Misaka!”

Oh no, not now! Please not now!

Despite her desperate pleas for it not to be him, Touma’s spiky hair poked out from around the alley. It was clear he was looking around.

“Oh, Biribiri! What a coincidence,” Touma looked down at Mikoto, who had somehow pulled herself into an upright position, “I was just looking for one of the Sisters, actually. Have you seen her come down this way? We were resolving a situation, but then she ran off before I could thank her, I’m wondering if she’s okay?”

“Yes, I saw her, she’s fine,” Mikoto smiled through clenched teeth. This was the one time she was grateful Touma was so dense, because her legs were shaking like crazy just from her sheer desperation

“Ah, well, which way did she go, I wanted to thank her for everything!”

“A-ah,” Mikoto cast a side-long glance down the alleyway where Misaka 10032 had been unabashedly relieving herself, “Well, I-”

Just then, Misaka 10032 poked her head around the corner, letting out a content sigh. She then spotted Mikoto and Touma standing there in the alley.

“Oh, were you looking for Misaka. Misaka’s sorry for running off like that, she really needed to go, Misaka admitted bashfully.”

Of course, she said it with a completely straight face. Moreover, Mikoto herself went as red as a tomato.

“D-don’t just say it out loud!”

“Huh, go where?” Touma asked, “Anyway, Biribiri, what are you doing here!”

“A-ah, I was- ah! No, no no no!”

All Mikoto wanted to do was get out of this situation so she could tuck behind another alley and finally relieve herself, but her body just wouldn’t let her. She had pushed herself past her limits, and unlike last time, even her shere resolve for not embarrassing herself in front of Touma could keep the floodgates shut.

She tried to turn around to at least get out of sight of Touma before she burst completely, but she could barely take two steps before she practically exploded. Her wet spats and already soaked panties seemed to offer little resistance as a powerful stream of hot pee shot out of her and splashed loudly onto the ground below. She staggered and barely caught herself by grabbing the wall as her legs practically turned to jelly. She stifled a loud moan of relief as she felt the flood of urine stream down her legs and soak into her socks and shoes.

It took a quite for the pressure to even subside, being replaced by a feeling of incredible relief and a dull ache from her strained bladder. She once again had to stifle a sigh of pleasure as she almost got lost in the sensation of finally letting out everything she had held in.

Even as she came down from the relief and the reality of her situation crashed down around her, her bladder still emptied itself out. A sizable puddle had pooled at her feet, and she still wasn’t completely empty.

By the time her stream trickled off and she was finally empty, she felt like she had been standing there wetting herself for minutes.

“Nice,” Misaka 10032 spoke from behind her, fully crushing all hope Mikoto had for pretending she and Touma weren’t there. She turned around, with Touma looking away, blushing and with a dumbfounded look on his face. Misaka, on the other hand, was looking straight at her, with half-lidded eyes and a smug smile as she held up a thumbs-up as if in approval for such a spectacular wetting.

Mikoto began to spark and sputter as her face turned at least 3 shades of red that Touma had not previously thought possible for a human being.

“YOU IDIOT!” She screamed, and lightning erupted from her hand and forehead, Striking Touma directly. Of course, Touma was able to cancel it out with Imagine Breaker, but he could read the writing on the wall.

“S-sorry!” Touma yelled. He went running down the alleyway, and 10032 followed after him, leaving Mikoto standing there by herself, looking down at her soaked clothes.

“How am I going to get home like this without someone seeing? If anyone sees me like this, there’s definitely going to be pictures all over the web! Even if I do somehow manage to avoid being seen, Kuroko’s supposed to do the laundry next, there’s no way I can hide this from her!”

Ironically, even though she had just chased him off, it was the iconic catchphrase of a certain spiky-haired boy that came to her mind right now, and she couldn’t help but utter it aloud.

“Such misfortune…”

End
