Railgun-Sama's Commissions - Page 2

Author: Railgun-sama

*025*2023-05-07 05:38

{{On 2/26/2023 at 6:36 AM, warham1995 said:

Sorry I forgot, also would you think about it when you do take non-commissioned requests?

}}

I don't know when/if I'll get around to doing many non-commissioned requests in the future, but if I ever do, I'll keep this suggestion in mind!

With that said, here's another batch of commissioned stories! It's been a while since I've updated, so I've got quite a few on the backburner that I finally got around to posting! I'll definitely try to be more consistent with posting them as I finish them in the future, but for now, here's a bunch of stories I've done over the past few months!

The first is a Toaru Majutsu no Index story staring Kanzaki. She's tricked by Tsuchimikado into thinking Touma is in danger, and spends the whole day protecting him from a distance, all while ignoring her own needs.

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed9425447684" style="height:343px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/88773-the-patience-of-a-saint-a-toaru-majutsu-no-index-story/?do=embed&comment=2078232&embedComment=2078232&embedDo=findComment#comment-2078232"

The second story is a continuation of my DDLC stories. This one contains messing, so do be warned, but if you've been following the other ones, this one is something like a finale of sorts!

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed7292070477" style="height:287px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/88774-conflicts-and-resolutions-a-ddlc-story/?do=embed&comment=2078235&embedComment=2078235&embedDo=findComment#comment-2078235"

The third one is something of a sequel to my story "The Senior Trip", and stars the same characters. Of course, this story was meant to be standalone as well, so you don't have to read that one to enjoy this one! This one explores Nicole's and Taylor's shared dislike of public toilets in a sitaution where they'll inevitably need to pee-- a girls' night out bar-hopping

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed3237651445" style="height:323px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/88775-a-girls-night-out/?do=embed&comment=2078236&embedComment=2078236&embedDo=findComment#comment-2078236"

The forth is a Spice and Wolf story where Holo insists she can hold it until she and Lawrence make it to the next town after a short argument, but numerous delays and unexpected circumstances get in the way.

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed7284602844" style="height:287px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/88777-negotiations-can-drag-on-far-too-long-a-spice-and-wolf-story/?do=embed&comment=2078238&embedComment=2078238&embedDo=findComment#comment-2078238"

The final story for now is a story for FFXIV (It does contain Endwalker spoilers, so be warned!), where Y'shtola is allowed access to the Forbidden Section of the Noumenon for a limited time, and has to weigh making the most of that time over her ever-filling bladder.

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed3428091781" style="height:205px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/88779-the-forbidden-section-a-ffxiv-story/?do=embed"

That's all the stories I'm going to post for now, but do keep in mind I am open for commissions! If you enjoy my stories and are interested in a custom story by me, please feel free to DM me!

$

$

$

$

$

*027*2023-07-08 02:53

{{On 5/7/2023 at 11:53 AM, nyonoyo said:

Wow, you've been busy. Definitely gotta give all of these a read. Looking forward to the DDLC and FFXIV ones specifically. I also need to get around to figuring out something I wanna comm from you. Keep up the good work!

}}

A bit of a delayed response, but thank you! I'm definitely willing to brainstorm with clients if you're not entirely sure what you want, or if you have multiple ideas, or even just vague ideas that need to be fleshed out more!

Also, here's my next batch of commissions! I really gotta get better about updating and not posting all at once, my bad! Anyway, let's dive into the links and synopses!

The first one is a Love Live story staring Umi and Kotori, as well as Kotori's mom, as they all get caught in a traffic jam:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed6658282334" style="height:287px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/90813-caught-in-a-jam-a-love-live-story-staring-umi-and-kotori/?do=embed&comment=2093344&embedComment=2093344&embedDo=findComment#comment-2093344"

The second is a rewriting of a scene from Kill La Kill where Ragyo, Satsuki's mother, gets caught desperate before the school's sports festival, and it really changes how the fight goes compared to the anime proper:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed6134124204" style="height:205px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/90814-an-unplanned-inconvenience-a-kill-la-kill-story-staring-ragyo-kiryuin/?do=embed"

The third story is a Toaru Kagaku no Railgun story that kind of follows the thread of my previous Toaru commission stories, where Kuroko decides to get herself desperate on purpose to show Misaka, who had suffered a few wettings across the previous stories, wasn't the only one who could get caught out without a bathroom. Of course, Kuroko's plan doesn't go as smoothly as she hoped:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed9712222590" style="height:205px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/90815-to-cheer-up-a-friend-a-toaru-kagaku-no-railgun-fanfiction-staring-kuroko/?do=embed"

The fourth story is actually a Splatoon 2 story set during/after the Octo Expansion, where Marina and Pearl explore Marina's past and some weird conventions in the Octarian Military as Agent 8 desperately solves some of the remaining tests:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed1467143596" style="height:205px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/90816-a-different-kind-of-test-a-splatoon-2-story-staring-marina-and-agent-8/?do=embed"

The fifth and final story for this batch is a Monogatari Series story. Kanbaru somehow convinces Senjougahara to snoop through Araragi's room to uncover his fetish so she could do something special for him for his birthday. Senjougahara uncovers Araragi's interesting interest in Omo and winds up experimenting around with it:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed3336410625" style="height:287px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/90817-hitagi-waterfall-a-monogatari-series-story-staring-senjougahara-hitagi/?do=embed&comment=2093349&embedComment=2093349&embedDo=findComment#comment-2093349"

Anyway, that's all for now! I hope you all enjoy my latest batch of work, and of course my DMs are always open if you want to commission me!

