Rem's Desperate Morning (Re:Zero fanfiction)

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2021-04-19 04:06

Been a while since I've posted, but here's another commissioned story by @Infecteddeer12

! This one stars Rem from Re:Zero, and is a pretty standard desperation fic! Enjoy the story!

Rem's Desperate Morning

Rem awoke to the first signs of dawn filtering in through her bedroom window. The golden light of sunrise filled her room and she stirred, groaning as sleep still clouded her mind. She rolled over away from the light, hoping to get a few more precious moments of rest. Unfortunately, a pressure in her abdomen nagged her and forced her awake. As she rose, Rem placed a hand on her bladder. Her need wasn’t urgent, but it was just full enough to be uncomfortable, and she doubted she’d be able to get any more sleep like this. Getting up and changing out of her nightgown into her maid uniform, Rem prepared to start her day, stepping out of her bedroom and heading straight for the bathroom down the hall.

On her way there, Rem passed by Subaru’s room, and she couldn’t help but pause and sneak a peek at the sleeping boy. She silently slipped into his bedroom and made her way over to his bedside. His peaceful expression soothed her, and she allowed herself a soft smile. She considered staying by his side to wake him up, or even to hold his hand and stroke his hair in his sleep, but her bodily urges tugged her away from that idea. Rem allowed herself one final glance at Subaru before reluctantly pulling herself away, turning to head to the door.

Before she could leave, however, Subaru bolted upright with a loud gasp, looking around wide-eyed as though he had just woken up from a nightmare. The witch’s stench clung to him strongly, and his breaths were ragged.

Rem turned around, and Subaru glanced her way, before a wave of relief washed over his face and tears started pooling in the corners of his eyes.

“R-Rem!”

“Were you having a nightmare?” Rem asked, ignoring her body’s needs and heading back over to Subaru. He immediately clung onto her and she smiled, stroking his hair gently to calm him down. Even though he’d been sleeping peacefully before, his hair was now sleek with sweat.

“S-something like that… this time, though…” Subaru trailed off without finishing his thought. It sounded like he hadn’t even meant to say it out loud.

Once he had seemingly calmed down, Rem released him and made her way towards the door. Before she could leave, however, Subaru called out to her.

“Rem! Before you go, I had something I needed to say,” Subaru looked at him with a serious expression, “I… I think the mansion’s going to get attacked today. Roswaal’s supposed to be gone until tomorrow, which means it’s a good opportunity for someone to attack. I honestly think it’d be best if you stayed inside today. You don’t have to tend the gardens, do you?”

“No, I took care of that yesterday,” Rem nodded, “Today, in addition to cooking, we’re cleaning the rooms. Nee-sama and I were going to split the duties up by floor.”

“Okay,” Subaru nodded, “If anything happens, I’ll let you know right away. Just... be on your guard. I have a bad feeling about today.”

Rem nodded. It seemed like an odd request, but she trusted Subaru’s intuition. He had a tendency to be right about these sorts of things more often than not. Besides, with Roswaal gone, they were more vulnerable. Subaru was right that it would be the perfect time to attack.

Rem nodded and exited Subaru’s bedroom, feeling her bladder nag her again about its fullness. She continued down the hallway towards the bathroom, but before she could reach it, she spotted her twin sister Ram disappear behind its door.

Rem stopped in place and shuffled a bit. She had taken up too much time, and now Ram was up. Ram had a tendency to hog the bathroom in the mornings, so Rem always made sure she was up before her sister so she could go first. Now that Ram was in the bathroom, she would likely take a while, so Rem weighed her options. Roswaal’s mansion had no shortage of restrooms for guests and occupants alike, so if Rem really wanted to, she could always just use one of the many other bathrooms in the mansion. However, she really didn’t have to go too bad right now and if Ram was already up, it definitely meant it was past time for her to start on the multitude of housework for the day. She could make breakfast and then head to the bathroom before starting her cleaning duties.

Ignoring her bladder’s protests, Rem headed to the staircase down to the first floor and descended, slipping past the main hall into the dining hall, then into the kitchen. She began work on breakfast. Subaru and Emilia had a tendency to prefer lighter breakfasts, while her and her sister’s demon bodies typically required more meat and heavier starches. Roswaal liked extravagant breakfasts with exotic ingredients, but he was not in the mansion today, so Rem could keep things simple.

She started by working on a pot of steamed rice. Subaru seemed to prefer it over bread or potatoes, especially for breakfast, so Rem was more than happy to oblige. She then retrieved various ingredients from the ice box, taking care to refill the lower ice drawer with a quick ice spell. She then headed over to the counter to begin chopping and slicing the various ingredients for the meal.

As Rem worked, she shuffled her legs as her full bladder once again reminded her she had yet to relieve herself that morning. With some discomfort, she rubbed her thighs together and pushed the feeling to the back of her mind. It wasn’t quite urgent yet, but she was definitely more full than she had been earlier. If only she had managed to get to the bathroom a few seconds earlier, then she could’ve gone before starting breakfast.

She was halfway done with the prepwork for the meal when Ram walked into the kitchen and gave her a small smile.

“Good morning, Rem,” Ram spoke in her usual, subdued tone, “Need my help?”

Rem nodded, “You can help me cut up the vegetables. I’ll work on peeling the potatoes.”

Rem shuffled over and Ram grabbed a cutting board and some cabbage, getting to work chopping. It was a little more uneven than how Rem would have done it, but once it was cooked it would be hard to tell either way.

Rem herself got to work peeling the potatoes with a knife, her deft, delicate hands working with finesse as she coaxed them out of their brown skin. She concentrated on her task until her bladder sent her a signal of uncomfortable fullness, causing her to lose concentration and prick her finger with the tip of the knife. She let out a small gasp and Ram looked over at her, looking on in concern.

“That’s not like you, Rem,” she spoke, her tone more gentle and worried than earlier, “Are you okay?”

“Yes, I’m fine!” Rem nodded, trying to fight the slight tinge of pink that was creeping up on her cheeks. There was no way she could tell Ram she lost concentration because she had to pee, and there was absolutely no way she could say that it was because she chose to visit Subaru rather than the bathroom after she woke up.

Rem shuffled slightly, trying to make it look like she was just adjusting her weight, and grabbed some small cloth bandages they kept in the kitchen for this very reason. She wrapped her finger quickly and was back to peeling in no time.

Soon, the sounds of frying and simmering filled the kitchen as breakfast was being prepared, and as Rem watched over the cooking food, she allowed herself to rub her thighs together and shift her weight from foot to foot, playing it off as a dance as she hummed some tune or another.

Once the food was ready, Rem plated it up as Ram grabbed plates and cutlery and began setting the table. Soon, a full breakfast spread was scattered across one end of the dining table, and as if on cue, Subaru and Emilia both entered the dining hall.

“Good morning, Ram, Rem!” Emilia smiled, nodding to the both of them in turn.

Subaru nodded, “Mornin’ you two!”

Rem smiled. He definitely seemed a lot more cheery and less distraught than he did this morning. Still, his warning from before was still in the back of her mind, and she couldn’t help but feel on edge. Rem wondered if Subaru would bring it up at breakfast.

As they ate, it seemed like the topic wouldn’t come up, with Subaru merely talking idly, mostly with Emilia. However, as they got to the bottom of their plates, his face grew serious again, and eventually…

“Roswaal’s not here again today, so I wanted to ask, do you think it would be possible for the mansion to get attacked?”

“Huh?” Emilia looked at him in confusion, “Why would you think that?”

Subaru crossed his arms, as if he was caught off-guard and not sure what to say. Finally he settled on, “Well, I was just thinking. I don’t think it’s a coincidence that we were attacked by a shaman the last time Roswaal went out. Also there’s that Royal Selection thing you guys keep talking about. Doesn’t that make Emilia a target? But, even beyond that, we did cause quite a scene in the woods and slayed a lot of mabeasts. I just thought it might have gotten the attention of someone who might have nefarious goals.”

“That’s a bit of a paranoid mindset…” Emilia replied awkwardly.

“I-I think it’s something we should be concerned about,” Rem spoke up.

“I agree with Rem,” Ram agreed, nodding, “If anything, it doesn’t hurt to be too careful, and we’re especially vulnerable right now since we were just attacked. I’m still recovering from mana depletion, and Barasu can’t do much on his own, meaning Rem’s probably the strongest one here.”

Emilia nodded, “I guess we are at a greater risk than normal, when you put it like that.”

“Well, I think the solution is obvious. Barasu. Switch roles with me.”

“Huh?” Subaru asked, pointing at himself with a blank look on his face.

“I’ll patrol around the mansion. My clairvoyance will allow me to better sense threats coming our way. I was supposed to help Rem clean the mansion today, so you’ll have to do that in my place,” Ram replied.

Subaru nodded, “Alright. Let us know if you spot anything.”

“If you need any help, don’t forget that I can fight too!” Emilia offered.

The four agreed and Emilia and Ram headed off, Emilia back to her room and Ram to prepare for her patrol. That left Subaru and Rem behind to clean up the dishes from their meal. The conversation had grown serious while they were talking, but the second Rem stood up to start, her bladder once again made itself known. A wave of pressure reminded her of its fullness, and she paused to rub her knees together.

“Rem, are you okay?” Subaru asked, noticing her reaction.

Rem blushed. She wasn’t about to tell Subaru that she had to pee.

“I-I’m fine,” Rem reassured him, “Let’s get this cleaned up.”

Rem hurried into the kitchen with half the dishes and cutlery as Subaru carried the other half. She made her way over to the sink and began washing, trying to maintain composure as the sound of running water only worsened her need. Trying to be subtle, she pressed her thighs together. The faster she cleaned the dishes, the sooner she could slip off to the bathroom.

As the two worked to wash the dishes, Rem’s urge only worsened. The water on her hands made her shuffle in place as she tried to avoid doing anything to tip Subaru off to her need to pee. Having not been able to go that morning, a full night’s worth of pee was sloshing around in her bladder, only made worse by the tea that she drank during breakfast. By the time they were done with the dishes, Rem was definitely desperate. It wasn’t the worst she ever had to endure, but she was ready to beeline it to the bathroom as soon as possible.

“Okay! We’re done! What’s next, Rem?” Subaru asked, cheering enthusiastically as they completed the first of many tasks.

“Well, me and Nee-sama were going to split up the mansion by floors. I was going to start here on the base floor and we would go from there. Would you be fine cleaning on your own?”

“Yes, but… uh…” Subaru scratched the back of his head awkwardly, “I’m still not totally familiar with the layout of the mansion yet. I’ve been mostly shadowing you and Ram, so I don’t remember where the cleaning supplies are on the second floor…”

“T-that’s okay, I can show you where it is,” Rem nodded, “Follow me.”

I keep getting held up... I just want to pee...

Rem wasn’t mad at Subaru, but she was really hoping that they could split up and she could head to the bathroom before they started cleaning. As she climbed the stairs up to the second floor, her bladder sent a wave of desperation through her, and she struggled to maintain her composure while fighting back against her body. She hoped Subaru didn’t notice as her movements grew stiff and she rubbed her thighs together with each step. Once they were at the top of the staircase, Rem paused for a brief moment to recover. She only had a second, though, or else Subaru might get suspicious that something was wrong.

“The supply closet is just over here,” Rem pointed out, heading over to a door tucked away next to one of the second floor bathrooms. Rem cursed the situation. She was right there in front of relief, but even though she wanted nothing more than to slip in immediately and relieve herself, she had to save face in front of Subaru.

“Okay, thank you!” Subaru nodded, “Leave the second floor to me. Also, let me know if you see or hear anything suspicious.”

Rem nodded, “Will do.”

Rem turned to head back down the stairs as Subaru slipped into the supply closet. Now that she was alone, she allowed herself to squirm openly as she mustered up the control over her bladder she’d need to make it down the stairs. With some difficulty she managed, but each step felt like a jolt directly to her full bladder, and by the time Rem got to the bottom, she was considering dropping all pretenses and making a mad dash to the bathroom. Instead, the maid continued on normally, walking calmly towards the bathroom.

Before she could get there, however, a jolt and the sound of shattering glass startled her and she nearly let out a leak. Rem looked around, trying to see if anyone was there, but it seemed all that had happened was one of the decorative plants had fallen off its stand and the pot had shattered. Rem headed over to it immediately and inspected the damage. It was a decorative berry plant that was quite rare. The berries were filled with a dark blue juice that could be used medicinally. Unfortunately, it also stained very easily, and as some of the crushed berries began to leak juice into the expensive carpet beneath them, Rem frowned.

I have to clean this up fast before it stains. The bathroom will have to wait.

Once again being forced to put off a trip to the bathroom, Rem walked quickly towards the supply closet for the first floor and quickly grabbed a broom, a dustpan, and a bucket. She placed the bucket in the large sink and began filling it. The sound of rushing water hit her and she buckled, shoving her hands between her legs as she rubbed her knees together desperately. She was alone, so she danced desperately as she stood there waiting for the bucket to fill.

Once it was full enough, she grabbed a scrub brush and some soap and quickly headed back to the fallen plant. She cleaned up the bulk of it with the dustpan, taking care not to get any more of the juice on the carpet, before bending down to clean the rest. The act of bending over nearly made her lose it, and she couldn’t help but jam her heel into her crotch as she got to work. She plunged her hand into the warm water and let out a desperate gasp. The sensation alone temporarily overcame her control and she let out a brief leak into her panties. She wriggled in place and squeezed her eyes shut, fighting back against the desperation, before starting to scrub up the juice and remaining dirt stains on the carpet.

She tried to work quickly, but even with her fast response, the berry juice was stubborn. Rem was initially worried it had left a permanent stain, but with each pass of the brush, the dark spots on the carpet were fading. As she cleaned, however, her desperation only worsened. Each time she dipped the brush back into the bucket, the sloshing sound brought her full bladder to the forefront of her mind. The warm water on her hands did very little to help, and Rem soon found herself worried that she’d have to clean up more than berry stains if this kept up.

Eventually, Rem managed to get the stains out, leaving only a slightly darker spot where the carpet was still wet. It would dry in time and return to normal. Satisfied with her work, and eager to get to the bathroom, Rem stood up. The act of doing so nearly made her leak again, and she was forced to double over and grab herself out in the open just to fight back the flood. She rubbed her abdomen with her free hand, feeling her bladder bulging out slightly even through her maid outfit. The outfit’s tight waistband and the apron tied around it definitely didn’t help matters.

Once she regained control, she hurried back to the supply closet to throw away the remnants of the plant and wash out the brush before the remnants of the berry juice stained its bristles. She started by dumping out the water bucket, the sound of which sent another strong wave of desperation crashing through her. Rem bent over the sink and crossed her legs, fighting back another leak. She took a moment to regain her composure before rinsing off the brush. More running water, and the feeling of it running over her hands as she held the brush under the stream. Rem shuffled in place as she tried to think about dry thoughts to counteract her desperation, but all she could think about was how badly she needed to pee.

Finally, she was done, and Rem gave herself one last squeeze before heading out, eager to finally seek out a bathroom for much-needed relief.

I have to pee! I can’t put it off any longer!

Rem shuffled to the bathroom, thinking about how good it would feel to bunch up her skirt and petticoat, pull down her panties, and finally let loose into the toilet. She could see the door in sight, and as she eagerly reached out to grab the handle-

“Rem!”

The shout nearly made Rem lose control then and there, but she somehow managed to hold on as she turned towards the sound of the voice. Subaru was running towards her with the sleeve of his outfit torn and a couple of gashes on his arm, as well as a scratch on his face. It was clear he’d been attacked. Rem immediately dropped into a defensive stance, looking around to try to find what attacked him.

“Subaru, are you okay? Who did this to you?”

“Y-yeah, I’m fine,” Subaru nodded, “Also, I don’t know. There was some kind of magical trap set up in one of the rooms I was cleaning. As soon as I opened the door, it went off.”

“T-then that means the enemy’s already inside the mansion,” Rem realized.

“Yeah, we should go warn Emilia!”

Rem nodded and the two ran upstairs. As they climbed, Rem’s desperation, which she had temporarily forgotten, hit her again at full force and she let out another leak. She was forced to stop and grab herself to regain control, blushing uncontrollably as she worried about Subaru noticing. Luckily, he was in front of her and running up the stairs at full speed, so he didn’t notice. Rem recovered quickly and followed behind him, grateful he hadn’t seen her desperate display. Still, this was a bad situation. If they were truly under attack, Rem wouldn’t get an opportunity to pee, and worse still, she might be forced to fight on a full bladder. She tried to push the thought of completely wetting herself mid-combat in front of Subaru out of her mind.

They got up to Emilia’s room and found her reading a book of some kind. The second she saw Subaru, her eyes filled with worry and she jumped to her feet.

“Subaru, are you okay?”

“I’m fine, don’t worry about me,” Subaru shrugged off, though his cuts were bleeding and soaking into his torn sleeve, undermining his dismissal, “More importantly, we think someone’s infiltrated the mansion and set up traps in some of the rooms. That’s what happened to me. They might still be in the mansion, too.”

“So, we were attacked after all,” Emilia frowned, “What should we do?”

Subaru thought, placing a hand on his chin, “Well, I was thinking we could go ask Beako if she could do anything about the traps, or track down the infiltrator. Also, we should let Ram know that the attacker is somehow already in the mansion.”

“Okay,” Emilia nodded, “I’ll go get Beatrice and let her know about the traps. I won’t go into any other rooms, and I should be safe with Puck with me. You two go find Ram and let her know what’s happening. We can regroup in the main hall and figure out what to do from there.”

Subaru nodded and turned to Rem, “Let’s go!”

“R-right!”

While the two had talked, Rem was standing there, fighting back against her urge to grab herself even as her swollen bladder continued to fill and send waves of desperation through her. Under her skirt, she was shuffling and pressing her thighs together, trying not to let her outward composure betray how badly she needed to pee.

Emilia left the room and Subaru immediately started rushing out, “Alright, let’s go get Ram!”

Rem reached out and grabbed his good arm, “Before that, we need to bandage your arm up. Come with me.”

Rem led Subaru down the stairs to the first floor, hoping her awkward gait wasn’t too noticeable as she held back the ocean of pee inside of her. She brought Subaru to a room and opened the door hesitantly, ready to jump back in case any traps were triggered. Once she was sure it was safe, she led Subaru into the room. It was a small guest bedroom that was clearly set up as some kind of makeshift infirmary, with a bed with a large bedside table and multiple chairs for people to sit, as well as a wash basin and a cabinet with some medicine.

“I know I’m injured, but shouldn’t we prioritize warning Ram about the infiltrator?” Subaru asked.

“If the attacker’s setting up traps instead of fighting directly, they aren’t going to go after someone who’s just guarding the mansion, especially if they’ve already gotten in,” Rem answered, “Besides, you’re bleeding a lot. I’ll go grab the bandages. They’re in the closet next to this room. Please wait here.”

Rem’s explanation was true. She didn’t think that Ram would get attacked, and she was concerned about Subaru. However, she had an ulterior motive for bringing Subaru here.

I’ll run across the hall and use the bathroom before grabbing the bandages. I won’t be able to fight or protect Subaru if I’m this desperate, I need to go now!

Rem hurriedly reached out to the doorknob, but suddenly a magic circle appeared around it. Runes appeared around the whole room, spreading out from the doorknob to the wall on the opposite end. The surprise made Rem leak again, especially since she was already anticipating finally getting relief.

“H-huh?” Subaru looked around.

Rem feared the worse, but just to confirm, she reached out to the door again. A barrier appeared, preventing her from even touching the doorknob. She then summoned her spiked flail, immediately striking out against the wall, but with blue sparks it was stopped and rebounded by the barrier as well.

“W-we’ve been sealed in, it must be another trap,” Rem concluded.

Subaru jumped up, “Wait, this is bad, right? We’re basically cut off from the others!”

“Beatrice should be able to track us down,” Rem replied, “But that might take a while.”

As Rem spoke it, the reality of the situation sunk in. She was sealed in the room with Subaru, her full bladder desperately screaming at her for release. She could no longer slip off to the bathroom like this, and she didn’t know how long they’d be trapped here for.

This is bad! I really have to pee! I… I don’t know if I’ll be able to hold it until we’re rescued… but that would mean… in front of Subaru…

Rem’s heart raced at the possibility of wetting herself in front of Subaru and blushed. Shoving that thought to the back of her mind, she rubbed her thighs together and turned back around to Subaru. She had also come here to bandage him up, so maybe tending to his wounds would help distract her from her desperation.

“I’m going to see if there are any spare bandages left in here, since I can’t grab the ones in the storage closet,” Rem replied.

Subaru nodded and Rem made her way over to the cabinet. She opened the large door and bent down to rummage through it. Bending down put a lot of pressure on her swollen bladder, but luckily the cabinet door opened outward towards Subaru. Using the limited privacy that provided, Rem shuffled around desperately and grabbed herself with one hand as she searched with the other. She also reached back and loosened the knot on her apron. It wasn’t much, but the small amount of pressure that relieved was heavenly given how desperate she was.

Luckily, there were some spare bandages in the supply cabinet, buried with herbs and medicine. Rem also grabbed a clean cloth and an ointment that would both sanitize the cuts and promote healing. Having everything she needed, she reluctantly removed her hand from between her legs and brought the supplies over to Subaru.

“I’m going to need you to remove your jacket,” Rem asked. Subaru nodded, slipping it off and exposing his bare arm. The cuts were large, but only one was deep. Rem focused on that one first, cleaning the cut with the cloth she had found. She then applied the ointment to the other side of the rag, “This might sting a little.”

As she applied the ointment over his cut, a wave of desperation washed over her and she bent forwards, pressing her thighs together and wincing as she fought back against another leak. Her panties were already damp from her leaks from earlier, and the wet fabric was constantly rubbing uncomfortably against her crotch. She regained composure and straightened herself up, worried Subaru had noticed her desperation, but he was grimacing with his eyes shut from the pain of the ointment cleansing his cut.

She cleaned and applied the ointment to his other cuts quickly before reaching down to grab the bandages. As she worked, her bladder screamed at her, and she couldn’t help but squirm and wriggle around as the pressure mounted. She hoped her breathing wasn’t too labored as she struggled against her urgent need. Before she knew it, the cuts on Subaru’s arm had been completely dressed. She then quickly cleaned the small cut on his cheek and placed a small bandage over it as well.

“T-there you go,” Rem nodded, stuttering as another strong wave of desperation hit her. Unable to do anything to fight back, she felt a warm spurt escape into her panties, soaking them further. She was sure they couldn’t absorb any more, so she couldn’t afford any more leaks. Despite that, she was still desperately struggling to keep her desperation a secret from Subaru.

“Thanks, Rem,” Subaru smiled, looking down at his bandaged arm.

Rem hurriedly shuffled over to the cabinet, under the pretense of putting away the supplies, and the second she was knelt down behind the cabinet door, both of her hands were jammed between her legs.

Th-this is bad! I have to pee so bad! At this rate, I won’t be able to hold it!

She reached out with one hand and slowly put away the supplies, savoring every second she could keep her hand jammed between her legs, fingers pressing the fabric of her skirt and her panties up against her aching pee hole. However, there was only so long she could remain behind the cabinet door without looking suspicious or awkward, so once the last of the supplies were away, she reluctantly pulled her hand away and squeezed her thighs together. She steeled herself as she stood up, closing the cabinet and taking a seat next to the bed by Subaru. Now that he was patched up, Subaru himself was furrowing his brow with a hand on his chin, deep in thought, likely about the attack.

“I wonder why they’re attacking from inside now?” Subaru spoke, though Rem got the impression he was more thinking out loud, “Was it because they saw Ram patrolling? Maybe we tipped them off that we were more on guard, so now they’re being more cautious…”

With Subaru deep in focused thought, Rem was able to get away with a bit more squirming and struggling than she might have otherwise. She rubbed her thighs together as her knees bounced up and down, leaning forwards stiffly in the chair. She thought sitting down would help with her desperation, but now all she could think about was sitting down on a toilet and finally letting all her pee rush out of her.

One seriously strong wave hit her and Rem doubled over in her seat. A longer spurt escaped from her overtaxed bladder, hot pee soaking through her panties and into her petticoat. Luckily she didn’t think it was enough to soak through and show on her skirt, but she was forced to jam both hands between her legs just to regain control. She scissored her legs back and forth and then squeezed her thighs shut, trying to clamp down and prevent any more pee from escaping. She managed to prevent any more leaks, but Rem’s desperation had reached its peak. She was very quickly approaching her limit.

Worse still, her desperate act had snapped Subaru out of his concentration, and he was now staring directly at her, a concerned look on his face. Rem met his eyes and her face turned three shades of red.

“R-Rem, are you okay? D-don’t tell me you need to…” Subaru trailed off, but it was clear he knew. Even if he hadn’t realized it, Rem couldn’t sit still. She was trembling and squirming in place as she pressed her legs together, both hands still firmly jammed against her crotch.

“I… I got caught up and I haven’t been able to go all morning,” Rem admitted sheepishly, somehow managing to blush even deeper.

“I-is there any way out of this room? Do you think we can break the barrier?” Subaru asked.

“It’s… it’s a trap designed to repel any a-attack from within. If we try to overpower it, it’ll just ricochet. We’re more l-likely to hurt ourselves than damage it,” Rem explained, stuttering as she was wracked by desperation.

“So we’re really stuck here until we’re found,” Subaru frowned, crossing his arms. He then looked around, and spotted the wash basin in the corner of the room, “Oh hey, you can use that, right?”

Rather than just her face, Rem’s entire body lit up like a christmas tree. As desperate as she was, she would be mortified of the idea of peeing into a wash basin instead of a toilet. Worse still, she would have no privacy with Subaru there in the room.

“hT-th-th-th-there’s no way I can do that...” Rem blushed even deeper. Even as she squirmed and shuffled in her seat, on the verge of wetting herself, there was no way she could bring herself to do that, “I-I’ll be fine, Subaru! The others will probably notice we’re gone and come looking for us soon. I just need to hold it until then.

Rem said that, but as she sat there, holding herself, her already insane desperation somehow grew worse. The minutes ticked by agonizingly slowly, and every time Subaru looked over at her with a concerned gaze, Rem felt her heart skip a beat. Waves of desperation wracked her body, and no matter what position she sat in on the chair, she could feel her swollen bladder sitting like a rock in her abdomen.

A particularly strong wave hit her, and before she could brace herself, she let out another spurt into her panties. She managed to keep it under control, but only a second later, another wave struck and she leaked yet again. She was at her limit.

“I… I can’t hold it anymore,” Rem admitted, bolting upright. She felt the blood rush to her face yet again as she turned to Subaru, “T-turn around… plug your ears… p-please, don’t peak!”

“R-right!” Subaru nodded, a slight blush creeping up on his face as well. He did as instructed, turning to face the wall and plugging both of his ears with his fingers.

Rem rushed over to the wash basin and squatted over it, hiking the fabric of both her skirt and her petticoat and bunching it up to pull it out of the way. She then reached up and slipped off her panties, squatting over the wash basin ready to let loose the flood she’d been holding back this whole time.

Before she could relax her taxed muscles, however, suddenly the runes and lines of the barrier trapping them appeared and turned red before shattering around them. Immediately after, the doorknob juggled and Rem shot upright, pulling her panties back up as she fixed her skirt. She let out another long spurt into her panties from the action, and she could now feel warm urine soaking through her panties and running down the inside of her thigh.

The door opened and Beatrice, along with Emilia and Ram, entered.

“There you guys were,” Emilia smiled, “We were waiting out in the main hall, and when Ram returned without you guys, we figured something must’ve happened.”

“It didn’t take long to find you, I suppose,” Beatrice replied, then sighed, “What a sloppy barrier.”

Before anyone could say anything else, Rem bolted past everyone, rushing out the door with both hands jammed between her legs. She was dribbling non-stop now, with small rivulettes of pee slowly running down her legs, but she didn’t care. The bathroom was right across the hall. Somehow, she had made it.

She rushed over to the door and grabbed the handle, but then Beatrice called out to her.

“Wait! That one’s trapped!”

Rem had only a moment to register before the trap went off. Sharp, jagged rocks shot out at her, and she jumped back to dodge. The rocks flew past her and Beatrice put up a magic barrier of her own which the rocks struck uselessly and disintegrated. Rem landed and the jolt to her bladder made her lose her footing, sending her tumbling to the ground.

“A-ah!”

Rem quickly tried to stand back up to bolt to the bathroom, but it was too little too late. Her dam finally burst, sending the hot pee she had been holding back this whole time gushing out of her. In her kneeling position, she could feel the spray hitting the back of her legs as it soaked into her skirt, petticoat, and socks. Pee pooled underneath her before soaking into the heavy carpet, leaving a dark stain that grew as her puddle spread out around her.

Her breaths were ragged as her whole body quivered in relief. She could feel the blood rushing to her face as she realized what she had done, but the mortification took second-place to the sheer amount of relief she was feeling. Her overtaxed bladder ached in her abdomen as she emptied its contents onto the floor beneath her. She couldn’t help but let out a relieved gasp as the pressure slowly subsided. She could feel the bulge pressing out against her waistband slowly shrinking as she continued to pee, and by the time her stream slowed to a trickle, she was left basking in the blissful release.

Once she was done, however, that feeling soon turned to mortification as she looked up and realized that everyone had seen her wet herself. Emilia was looking down at her apologetically, Ram cast her a sympathetic gaze, and Beatrice remained expressionless as she looked at her. Rem hesitantly looked for Subaru, dreading the disgusted look she might find in his eyes, but she soon realized that he hadn’t yet left the room. He began to poke his head out, but realizing the situation, Ram rushed over and slammed the door in his face.

“There’s been an incident, Barasu,” Ram replied, “Stay in there until we’re done.”

She then headed over to Rem, patting her on the head and comforting her, “You were trapped in that room for a while, it’s understandable. Let’s get you cleaned up.”

“N-N-Nee-sama,” Rem looked up, tears stinging the corners of her eyes. Everyone else nodded, and as Ram helped up her sister, she pulled her into a hug and rubbed Rem’s back and shoulders.

“Sorry, it’s my fault too, isn’t it? I saw you heading to the bathroom when I got there this morning, but I went in selfishly instead of letting you go first.”

“No, it’s my fault too… I put it off for too long,” Rem admitted.

“You couldn’t help it, with the situation going on,” Ram replied, “Once we take care of the mess here, let’s find whoever dared infiltrate Roswaal-sama’s mansion and make them pay.”

Rem nodded, and even though she was still embarrassed by what had happened, she couldn’t help but feel comforted by the fact that Ram was there with her, and that Subaru hadn’t seen her wet herself.

The End

