Batgirl's Public Humiliation!

Author: redbunsbabe

*000*2017-04-18 05:42

Hey guys! Long time lurker, first time poster! just thought I'd share a story I cranked out yesterday, hope you have as much fun reading as I did writing! ;)

(P.S, I know I didn't spend a lot of time on character descriptions, 'cause I wanted to get to the good stuff, but I'm sure most of you at least vaguely know what Batgirl and co. look like haha)

Fiiiiiiinally! Batgirl raced down the streets of Gotham on her motorcycle, a huge wave of relief washing over her. The Joker and Harley Quinn had been on a tear for weeks on end, and only with the help of Red Arrow and Huntress had she been able to capture them. Now all that was left to do was go home, use the bathroom, shower, and crash on the couch with some streaming TV and leftovers!

“BATGIRL!!! BATGIRL!!! BATGIRL!!!” crowds screamed and clapped as Barbara sped by, cheering her on after one hell of a month, and she thought, hell, the least I could do is stop for a minute to say ‘hi’ to everybody! Dismounting her bike, Babs was immediately surrounded by a crowd of onlookers, still hooping and hollering for Batgirl. I don’t know why Bruce doesn’t meet the public, everybody seems to love the Bat-family! Little did Barbara know that not everyone in the crowd was a fan of her work….

Silently worming through the crowd, a hooded figure snuck up on Batgirl and lightly tapped her on the shoulder. “Wha-” was all that could escape her lips before she was pushed to the ground and pinned by a boot… a red boot… oh no… “Too slow on the draw, Bat-brain!” Harley Quinn chuckled as she stepped harder on the caped crusader’s torso, feeling her writhe underneath her heel. “Aww, does somebody need some help up? Too bad! You’re right where I want ya!” Batgirl was confused, how did Harley escape Arkham!? She escorted the princess of punchlines there herself! As Babs stood (or lay) dumbfounded, a dark shadow stretched over the street, and the faint sound of pumps slowly became louder and louder….

“A pleasure to see you again, Bruja” it was Bane!!! He must have busted harley out, now it was all starting to make sense to Batgirl! Suddenly, Harley pulled out her novelty pop-gun and aimed it right at Bats, and with a pull of the trigger and a loud *BANG* Batgirl found entire torso wrapped in a straightjacket of colorful confetti, one of the Joker’s most infamous gags!

“On second thought, maybe I will help you up!” Harley teased as she grabbed Batgirl by the cape and hauled her up to her feet. Pretending to dust off her adversary, while a crowd of onlookers stood terrified, Quinn slunk around to Batgirl’s backside. “You hounded me and Mistah J for weeks, we barely had a moment of fun to ourselves! And now my lil’ green-haired devil is locked up in maximum security ‘cuz of you! WELL, I think it’s time me and ol’ Bane-Drain had some fun!” Bane snarled at his name being joked about it such a derogatory manner.

“Be careful how you address me, Ms. Quinn; You may be paying me, but I have the strength AND the brawn in this coalition!” Harley scoffed “Oh lighten up, willya! I told’ja this’d be a fun job, didn’t I? And here’s… the...FUN!!!” Suddenly Batgirl’s pants were pulled down to her ankles, exposing her purple thong with black bat-logos to the entire crowd! She was mortified!!! “Awwwwwww, isn’t that cute Bane?? Now she’s all embarrassed!” Quinn reached over to pinch Barb’s quickly reddening cheeks, while simultaneously pushing on the small of Batgirl’s back with her other hand, causing her to fall over with her firm, round butt wiggling in the air!!!

Bane smirked at the once acclaimed batgirl, being exposed in such a manner, but he knew there was much worse to come. “Harley, let me go THIS INSTANT!!! When Batman finds out about thi-” suddenly Harley interjected in a mockingly scared fashion, “Oh no, if only I had thought of that! Oh wait... I did! I sent out a fake distress signal from “Adam Strange” telling Batman to bring the entire Justice League AND the reserves to the planet Rann! Now it’s just some no powered punks and you left on Earth for a few hours, and no one will get here in time to help!” Could this be true?? Batgirl thought, her mind slowly forgetting her embarrassing predicament, but only for a moment, as Harley suddenly reached down and, grabbing the waistband of the thong, gave Bats the BIGGEST atomic wedgie she could muster!!!!

“OOOOWWWWAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!” Batgirl SCREAMED in pain, kicking her boots and pants off while frantically trying to escape.Now barefoot and bare-legged, with the mother of all wedgies grinding into her pussy and clit, Barb could barely see through the tears streaming down her face. One thing she did see though? The crowd was laughing at her! Laughing and pointing, and, and, taking video!!!! In fact, almost everyone had their phones out, taking videos! Why would they do this to her!? Why would no one go for help???

“Aww, little Batsie’s gonna be a star! Smile for the cameras, cutie!” Batgirl started wailing again, sobbing and blubbering like an infant. My crimefighting career is finished, no one will take me seriously ever again! Harley’s voice suddenly snapped her out of her daze “Ooooh, someone’s shaved their widdle pussy, haven’t they?? Bane,be a dear and hold this, will ya?” Harley said as she handed off the back of Bats’ thong to Bane, who used only one hand to lift Batgirl high in the air, another screech escaping her full lips.

“Oh Ehm Gee, you even shaved it in the shape of a bat??” Quinn said as she swiped a phone from a twenty-something college kid, and got a close-up shot of the redhead’s curly pubic tufts. “Harley…. Please….” Batgirl sobbed as the thong dug into her bladder, making her desperate for relief in more ways than one! “I have to go…” Harley only laughed, “you’re not going anywhere sweetie! In fact, I’m calling the shots now, and we’re gonna put on a little show for these people! Bane, over your knee, if you please!” Suddenly Batgirl was lowered, a slight relief from her thong burrowing into her mound. Her relief was short-lived, however, as Bane quickly grabbed her by the torso with his massive hands, and laid her across his knee, her legs kicking the whole time. “NO! NO! STOP! NO!!!” screamed Barbara, flailing her legs as fast as she could in a futile attempt to run, her thong flopping from being stretched to its absolute limits earlier.

“Ah ah ah! You kick around like such a naughty girl and momma’s gonna spank! Oh, who am I kiddin’, you’re getting a spanking either way!!!” Batgirl was terrified; she had never been spanked before! How bad would it hurt?? Suddenly Harley pulled a paddle out from behind her back, almost like she produced it from thin air, and jokingly made a few fake practice swats, the kind a golfer would when envisioning his shot.

“Ready hon? Here’s the windup ### AND THE PITCH!!!!’

*KRAKK!!!!*

Batgirl nearly leapt out of her skin! The only thing keeping her from writhing in agony on the ground was Bane holding her in place! She hardly even noticed she was screaming at the top of her lungs, the pain was so intense! Through white spots she could see people pointing and laughing at her utter humiliation, and Babs wished she could crawl in a hole and die!

“Ready for more, huh??”

“Oh pleeeaaasssssseeee no more!!!! Please, I beg y-”

*KRAKK!!!!*

“Pleeeeeease stop Har-”

*WAAAKKK!!!*

“I’m begging you!!!” She cried, kicking her thong off her shapely legs and exposing her tight, warm pussy to every onlooker in the crowd! Everyone in the world watching the footage was gonna see every secret fold of her holiest of places!!!

*SMAKKKK!!!*

“OH GOD PLEASE I GOTTA GO SOOOO BAD!!!” Batgirl screamed to the highest Heavens!!!

*KRAKK!!!*

*WAAAAKKKKK!!!!*

*SMAKKKK!!!!*

*BRAKKK!!!!!*

Harley swung a few more times before pantomiming catching her breath, and, with Batgirl’s ass even more purple than her costume, set down the paddle. “Now, what were you saying Batsy? You have to go? Go what?” Harley cooed as she leaned in close to Batgirl's face, the teen still sobbing and moaning as her tears hit the pavement. “I… uhh… I didn’t mean anything by it Harley! Now please lemme go! I won’t tell Batman, I swear!” Quinn rolled her eyes at the helpless heroine, not buying it for a moment. “Reaaaallllly? You mean you don’t have to, y’know, go potty or anything??” Harley knew when she emphasized the word ‘potty’ she made Batgirls bladder twitch and saw just the smallest jet of urine spurt out! “HAH!!! I KNEW IT!!! Batgirl’s gotta peeeee-ee! Batgirl’s gotta peeeeee-ee!!!” She sang as Babs squirmed, knowing she was caught! Oh God, please don’t let me do this in front of everyone, in front of all those cameras, please?

“Tell ya what toots, I have a proposal for you! See, I was gonna end this little spanking demonstration with the ultimate humiliation, YOUR UNMASKING!!!” With this, Bane flipped Bats up and off his lap into a standing position, his hands still grasping both sides of her.

“NOOOO!!!!!” Barbara shrieked as Harley jokingly lunged for her cowl, then pulled back, and with a flourish put her hands on her hips. “Geez, settle down, I was only jokin’! See, I WAS gonna unmask you, but in light of your… ‘predicament’... I’ve decided to have a little contest! Here’s what I’m thinkin’-” Quinn said as she leaned on Bane’s shoulder, one hand propping up her head “- I’m gonna give you a chance to keep your mask, and all you have to do is…. Hold your pee!”

Really? That’s it? Batgirl thought, it won’t be easy, but I can try I guess! Sadly, Batgirl should have known that Quinn would never play fair, and, almost as if she could hear barbara’s thoughts, Harley produced a feather duster from behind her back! Batgirl's’ eyes widened in horror…. This wasn’t fair!!! She was cheating!!! She was-

“Cootchie cootchie coo!!!” Harley exclaimed as she rubbed the torturous tickling device over Batgirls bulging bladder, Batgirl trying feebly to kick Harley away while also keeping her own legs crossed to keep the dam from bursting. CONCENTRATE!!! Barbara screamed to herself, CONCENTRATE!!! Quinn was not amused, she thought Batgirl would’ve burst by now!!!! She still had one more idea though…

Harley skipped around to Banes side and, after whispering something in his ear, had him gently nudge apart Barb’s legs and place his feet between hers so that she was standing spread-eagle. I can’t hold it much longer… Bats thought, her face soaked with tears and sweat. The entire crowd waited in dead silence as Quinn deftly pulled off her glove, and started caressing Batgirl’s swollen tummy. “I dunno if you’ve ever been with a woman before, but this is always good for a sure-fire squirting from Ivy!” And with that, Quinn’s hand glid down to the delicate folds between Bats’ hips, gently circling and flicking her clit.

“Oooohhhhh Gaaaawwwdddd Harley pleeeeeaaasssssseeeeeeee…..”

“Can’t find the words, huh??”

“Pleeeeeease don’t do this….ooh!!! Uhh!!! Pleeeaassseeee!!!!”

“Gee, I dunno, it sure sounds like you want me to!”

“Ohhhh fuck!!! I mean, no! I mean, ahh!!!”

“Hmm, I know what’ll help speed this up!” Suddenly, Quinn slid her first two fingers into Batgirl's’ sopping wet pussy, while using her thumb to make circles on her clit! “You can hold out as long as you like, but I know eventually you’ll give in!”

“UHH!!! You cheater!!!” Batgirl seethed through moans of ecstasy. “Uhh, I’m a bad guy,hello?? Cheating is our thing!” Harley laughed “And as fun as this is, I REALLY want all these good people to see the finale, since they stuck around for so long!” Harley doubled her pace, sliding her fingers in and out of Barb’s tight hole and using her clit like a joystick, sending waves of pleasure through the teen heroes body!

“UHH!!! FUCK!!!”

“Gonna cum for me Batsy??”

“OH GOD YES, I MEAN NO, I…. GRAAAHHHH!!!!”

“C’monnnnnnn, y’know you want to!!!!”

Bane let go of one of Barbara’s arms, needing to hold her with only one hand to contain her, and grabbed the ear of her cowl with his thumb and forefinger. He could feel her entire body tense up against his chest, and knew what was about to happen! “OHHH GODDDD I’M CUMMINGGGG PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!” Barb screamed to the sky, an earth-shaking orgasm ripping through her body! Harley rolled up her red sleeve to reveal a wristwatch, and tapped the glass face with her finger. “Annnnd three…. two… one!”

*PWWWIIIISSSSSSHHHHHHHHH!!!!!*

Bats body convulsed as her bladder sprayed hot golden jets of urine from her, her bladder releasing its sweet nectar in an increasingly large pool that was soaking her bare feet. Everyone was howling and roaring in waves of laughter, but she didn’t care (well, maybe a little!) All that mattered was her thankfulness that the nightmare was almost over! Unfortunately, the relief was quickly chased away by the dawning realization that she’d failed, and Harley was still staring at her, as were the crowds, and Harley was still tapping her wristwatch…. Oh God… OhGodOhGodOhGodOhGod oh no….

“Ready Bane?? Well then, everybody get your cameras ready! The secret identity of Batgirl is revealed in……….. THREE…...TWO....ONE!!!!!”

*SHRIIIIIPPPPP!!!!!*

THE END!

*003*2017-04-18 23:35

Thank you so much guys!!! :) If you have any other ideas for superheroine wetting/messing scenes you'd like to read about lemme know! (I've got an encyclopedic knowledge of superhero characters so go nuts haha)

*005*2017-04-19 17:32

{{13 hours ago, Denial said:

Thank YOU so much for writing and posting this!!! It must be my birthday or something, this is the perfect sort of story for true Omorashi and Batgirl lovers and I loved the way the story went and how you presented it! Not only did it include all the elements of a story I'd want to read, but it avoided a lot of the common pitfalls stories here often fall into. And its inspiring and encouraging for others to post more Batgirl stories (I hope!). I think Batgirl is perfect because she has such a tight bodysuit, has no superpowers, and despite being so sexy, is very prim and proper and cares very much about her public image - so, as you showed, will resist being seen losing control on camera at all costs! Would love to see more of any other ideas you have, and if you run short, happy to make suggestions!

Huge Kudos and Respect!

}}

You hit the nail on the head exactly! I love all the female superheroes, but I also love combining them with my favorite fetish, and Batgirl has always been one of my favorites :) I'm not sure if I'll continue Batgirl's story here just 'cause I love the way I ended it, but I'm toying with some Power Girl and Catwoman ideas.... ;)

*008*2017-04-20 16:14

{{14 hours ago, PPP said:

Very nice! There aren't enough superhero stories on here ( I did a few myself a while ago), so it's always nice to see more. My only suggestion is that the enormous text for the sound effects got a little distracting. As for a sequel, I'd love to see Barbara (now undercover) get some karmic revenge on Harley...

}}

Thanks for the input! With the sound effects I was trying to channel the old 60's Batman show, but I see now that they could be a bit distracting :D Not a bad idea for a sequel either....

*010*2017-04-22 20:18

{{2 hours ago, Noone000 said:

I'd like to counter by saying that I saw what you were doing with the sound effects, and thought they were perfect for the story. I vote for them to stay!

}}

Well thank you :) Maybe I'll keep' em but just use a slightly smaller font haha. A question for you guys: When I finish my next story should I post it here or make a new thread? Not sure of the etiquette...

*014*2017-08-21 05:42

Hey guys!!! Sorry it took so long to keep the story going, my computer is a hunk of junk :P Anywho, I hope you enjoy this next chapter and feel free to comment!!!

(Story picks up pretty soon after the first chapter!)

Batgirl was frozen in place. She tried to scream out but no sound escaped her lips, and her limbs refused to respond. Suddenly a burst of light temporarily blinded her, and when her sight returned, she was shocked to see she was surrounded by hundreds, no, thousands, no, MILLIONS of people! A sea of faces, all pointing and laughing at her with a deafening roar, which caused her to look down and notice… she was naked!!! Not a stitch of clothing on her, not even her mask to conceal her identity as Barbara Gordon! Everyone was privy to a view her firm, toned butt,her shapely legs, her perky breasts and the hidden treasure between her hips!Suddenly she felt an overwhelming urge in her bladder, and before she could recognize the meaning, her bladder gave out, sending streaks of urine down her pale, creamy legs and pooling at her bare feet. She was mortified beyond belief, but she couldn’t move a muscle!!!

Barbara burst into tears and openly wept as the flow turned into a fire hose, producing an impossible amount of piss from her poor aching bladder, when she somehow regained control of her legs. She turned to see that she was surrounded on all sides, and tried to make a mad dash,hoping the throngs of people would make way for her, but only succeeded in making it two feet before she slipped and fell into her own ocean of waste, still urinating as she went down! The crowd closed in on her as she tried to cover her privates with her hands, only succeeding in soaking them with urine, and through streaking tears she could see all her enemies descending upon her! Joker! Riddler! Poison Ivy! Harley Quinn! Penguin! Bane! And too many faceless henchmen to count!!! They all dogpiled on her, and as she struggled to breathe under the most diabolical of rogue’s galleries, she noticed another sensation… one trying to make its way out her backside…

*DEEEEETTT DEEEEETTT DEEEEETTT DEEEEETTT*

Barbara woke up with scream, temporarily confused, until she pushed away the fog of dreaming and remembered she was on the JLA watchtower, having been rescued by Wonder Woman and Zatanna after her… “ordeal” at the hands of Harley Quinn and Bane. Oh God, that dream felt so real, she thought, I can never show my face in Gotham again… Babs pulled her legs up to her chest and silently wept, before realizing the bed was cold… and wet… Quickly throwing off the covers she was faced with an enormous, bright yellow stain on the bed that had soaked through to every corner, and reeked of ammonia. Now openly sobbing, the entire ordeal came back to her in a flood of images, and she flipped around to cry into her pillows, not even caring that she was getting the front of her thin t-shirt and purple panties soaked.

Wonder Woman and Power Girl were walking down the halls of the satellite, going to check in on Red Tornado’s monitor duty, when they passed by Batgirl’s room and heard crying from within. PG knocked on the door with her finger “Everything okay in there Barb?” but she heard no response. Wonder Woman chimed in “If there’s anything you need sweetie, please let us know, okay?” Both women leaned in close to the door. “Please… go away…” was the only response they received from the other side. Feeling sympathetic to her humiliated comrade, Wonder Woman quietly ushered PG off with her to go check on Red Tornado.

Several hours later, Diana and Kara were having tee in Diana’s room. “I just feel so awful about what happened” exclaimed the Amazonian “If only we hadn’t been tricked off-world, we could’ve done something!” Kara quickly interjected “I still can’t believe Harley would go to all that trouble just for so little payoff! Plus, we couldn’t have just avoided the distress signal, and even Batman was fooled by it. That guy’s supposed to be a genius!!!” Her last comment made Diana chuckle softly “Well, he may be the smartest MAN I know, but back on Paradise Island our scholars would make him feel like a student on their first day of class!” Both women were laughing out loud at this point, doubled over and trying not to fall out of their seats, when they both had a sudden sensation in their guts.

“Oh goodness, please excuse me for a moment!” Diana said, standing up to leave. “Oh, I’ll come with you, I suddenly have to...y’know…” PG said snickering. They both rose from their seats and walked towards the automatic door and… nothing. The door didn’t move. “Hmm, that’s odd...” Kara remarked as she pressed the manual control button. And… Nothing! They both looked at each other and laughed nervously, the sensation growing slowly from a dull fullness into something more serious. Diana reached into the small opening between the two doors, and pulled with all her strength, but they wouldn’t budge. Kara tried to help, grabbing the opposite door and pulling with every ounce of energy she had, but it proved to be a futile effort…

With the only exit locked tight, the girls had to resort to pounding on the door, trying to get the attention of any passerby.

*BANG BANG BANG*

“HELP!!! HELP!!!! WE’RE STUCK IN HERE!!!”

*BANG BANG BANG*

“CAN ANYBODY HEAR US!?!?”

After several minutes of banging, with no response, Diana asked “computer, is there anyone else on board the satellite right now?”

“THERE ARE ONLY THREE KNOWN LIFE FORMS ON BOARD AT THIS TIME”

“What?? How can that be?? Red Tornado should at least be here!”

“RED TORNADO WAS CALLED TO AN EMERGENCY ON OA. PLASTIC MAN IS IN THE SOUTH PACIFIC ON A GOODWILL EXHIBITION. THE WHEREABOUTS OF BATMAN ARE CURRENTLY UNKNOWN. BLACK CANARY AND GREEN ARROW ARE-”

“Okay okay that’s enough!!!” Kara interjected, clutching her stomach in pain. Neither woman had ever felt discomfort of this level before, due to their amazing super strength and physical fortitude, but it seemed that they would soon have to put their powers to the ultimate test: not soiling themselves!!!

“Di?”

“Yeah?”

“Are you having the same problem *HNNNGGG* that I am?”

“I.. I think I am…”

“Well… we c-can’t just mess ourselves can we?”

“I-I would think not” Diana quietly laughed, then cut off quickly, realizing it was not helping her predicament.

“Okay, well, can you, maybe, look away? I’m gonna try and… uhh...” Kara said, her eyes scanning the room for a suitable receptacle “Di, would you be mad if I used your teapot? Pretty pretty please???” Diana’s face was red “I...I guess so, given the present CIRCUMSTANCES!” She shouted her last word, feeling her control slip for just an instant, and jammed her hands into her crotch, not caring if PG saw!

Kara quickly grabbed the teapot and set it on the ground, and yanked the crotch of her leotard and panties to the side, exposing her puffy, glistening lips and her neatly trimmed patch of blonde hairs.

*HSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS*

Kara’s urine sounded like raindrops hitting a tin roof as she emptied her bladder into the makeshift toilet, not realizing the effect she was having on Wonder Woman. Diana’s eyes were locked on the stream that seemed to last for hours, transfixed by the rushing liquid escaping that tantalizing area, and before she realized, Wonder Woman had let the floodgates open and was pissing right into her outfit!

“Oh geez Diana, I’m sorry!!!” cried Kara, snapping Diana out of her daze, but there was nothing to be done at this point, she couldn’t stem the tide if she wanted to! The golden liquid poured out of the star-spangled panties and crept up the front and back, leaving no doubt as to what happened! “Oh dear…” Wonder Woman whimpered, internally hoping that Power Girl was good at keeping secrets. “Well, at least we don’t have to worry about our bladders any more” Kara laughed, while Diana strained to find the humor in her situation. Several awkward moments passed before the silence was broken:

“Di?”

“Yes?”

“Um… I don’t know how to say this” Kara bit her bottom lip “… but… we still have a problem…”

“Oh?”

“I… umm… I really, REALLY have to… poop…”

Hope you guys enjoyed it! I wanna continue with Kara's dilemma, and I think you'll like how it ends, but I didn't know if people here like scat as much as omo, so please let me know!

*015*2017-08-21 22:20

My previous post is the next chapter of the story, but it's been saying since 1am last night that a moderator needs to approve it... Any help Mods? :D

*017*2017-08-22 02:05

Awesome, thanks for your input! :) I have an idea to continue the story with the messing and one without, personally I *think* the story would work better with it, but you guys are the audience and I wanna give you what you want!

(P.S: I love your avatar! Livinginfinite is one of if not my absolute favorite omo/mess artists!)

*020*2017-08-22 03:08

Livinginfinite likes my work.... Please excuse me while I squeal like an excited schoolgirl...

XDXDXDXD

Now I'm almost positive I'll post a messier chapter, hopefully it should be ready by tomorrow night!!! Thanks guys!!!

*021*2017-08-23 01:08

Short chapter tonight, but hopefully you guys like it!!!

(I should note that this story takes place in the mid-2000's, for reasons that'll become clear)

CONTAINS MESSING!!! YOU'VE BEEN WARNED!!!

When we last saw our heroines, a mysterious door malfunction aboard the JLA satellite caused them to resort to desperate measures to resolve their dilemma! Though temporarily relieved, a new problem arises for Power Girl and her youthful ward- err… formidable friend, Wonder Woman; Power Girl is desperate to relieve her bowels! Stay tuned, the WORST IS YET TO COME!!!

Power Girl quickly stood and pulled her costume back into place, fearing if she stayed squatted she wouldn’t be able to stop her bowels from expelling otherwise. “OHHHHHH GAWWWDDDDDD!!!” She howled, clutching her stomach in agony “Isn’t there any way out of your room Di?!” Wonder Woman stepped out of her soaked panties and boots, then turned to face Kara. “I can think of no other solutions. With the door broken, and the vents and ducts built to withstand a metahuman of Doomsday’s strength,I’m afraid there’s no other options… unless…” PG’s eyes widened; “Yeah?? What?? What??”

DIana grabbed her wet bottoms from her laundry basket and unclipped her JLA communicator, and flashed it to Kara “We can call for help!” Power Girl was so desperate for relief she didn’t care who came to help, even Barry or Guy Gardner giving her nonstop grief over her having to “potty like a little girl” was preferable to dumping a load into her costume! Quickly snatching it from Diana’s hand, Kara held the communicator in one hand and used her other hand over her pert rear, paying no mind to how silly she looked!

“Emergencyalertpowergirlandwonderwomantrappedonthesattelitepleasehelp!!!” she exclaimed, frantically hammering the call button, but it was to no avail. There was no answer… Resigning herself to defeat, PG threw the communicator across the room, where it smashed into pieces on the opposite wall, and sat down on Diana’s bed. “I’m sorry Di, I… I don’t think I can hold it anymoreeeeEOHHHHGODDDD!!!!!” Kara screeched, and, lifting her butt up from the bed, started to violently expel her messy waste into the bottom of her costume!

The smell of shit hit the air almost instantaneously, and Diana had to cover her nose and mouth to keep from gagging, but still tried to console her friend, who was bracing herself with her arms on Diana’s desk and her bottom hovering over the bed. The soft mess kept coming, smushing out through the sides of the leotard (since her costume wasn’t built for any sort of absorption of this magnitude) and started plopping onto the bed in a disgusting brown pile. Kara was openly weeping and babbling incoherently, her whole body trembling and sweat dripping from her face. Soon her costume bottoms sagged away from the weight of all the shit, and with a grunt and a final push, she emptied herself and plopped down onto the bed, not realizing she was landing in the runoff from her accident!

*PLORCCCH!!!*

Kara suddenly snapped back to coherence, and after an awkward silence that seemed to stretch for hours, both girls were shocked to see the bedroom doors slide open. “...Kara... Let’s, let’s go get you cleaned up before everyone gets back... “ Kara could only nod, and not looking up, rose from the bed and followed Wonder Woman to the showers, leaving a dripping trail of shame in her wake. “I guess… I guess it’s good that no one else was here to see this…” Diana softly smiled and nodded, and both girls stepped into the showers, the doors automatically shutting behind them.

EPILOGUE

Several moments passed in Diana’s room, before the stillness was disturbed by a potted plant, unnoticed by either heroine, morphing into the seductive, slinking form of that Russian rogue, Madame Rouge!

“Rouge to Luthor, Rouge to Luthor, come in! Your computer communications jammer vorked, no vun suspects a thing!”

“Of course it worked, I designed it after all... Did you find the JLA’s computer files like I asked?”

“Da, as vell as some footage I think you’d be veeeery interested in sharing vith your adoring public…” Rouge smiled, tucking her pocket sized video recorder into her pocket and sneaking off into the hall...

