The Sister's Ordeal -- An Toaru Majutsu no Index Fanfic

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2022-02-10 01:43

Some time had passed since Mikoto first noticed her urge to pee, and she had managed to push the thought to the back of her mind as she enjoyed her time with Touma. It was like a dream come true, spending the day with Touma one-on-one, and not even being interrupted by anything out of nowhere.

The two had gone on ride after ride, and while Touma was hesitant at first, he was even having fun with the rides by now. The two were currently waiting in line to one of the larger rides, which had apparently drawn quite a crowd. Mikoto was waiting eagerly, smiling as she stood next to Touma.

“Hey, Misaka, are you okay?” Touma asked suddenly.

Mikoto looked over at him puzzled, “Of course I’m okay, why do you ask?”

“Oh, I just noticed that you’ve been shuffling around a lot,” Touma pointed out.

Mikoto’s eyes widened as she realized that she was shifting her weight from foot to foot subconsciously, bobbing up and down as she shuffled her legs back and forth.

“Oh! No, it’s nothing, I’m just excited to go on the ride!” Mikoto smiled, brushing off Touma’s concern.

In truth, however, while she hadn’t quite noticed how full her bladder was getting, her body certainly had, and she had been fidgeting around unconsciously due to the pressure and discomfort. Now that she had been made aware of it, her urge to pee came back in full force, and Mikoto wound up biting her lip.

This is bad! I really should go, but it’s not like I can just slip away! Even if we weren’t in line for the rides, all the restrooms look packed, and I can’t just say I’m going to buy a drink or something. I’d have to… admit to needing to pee…

Mikoto blushed just at the thought of that, and once again she pushed the thought to the back of her mind. She was fine. She was having fun, and having to pee wasn’t going to get in the way of that.

She turned her attention back to the ride, and just in time, too. The two had finally made their way to the front of the line, and she was ushered into one of the coaster’s cars next to Touma. Unlike the first ride they had been on, this one seemed like more of a traditional roller coaster, with large cars holding numerous people. Still, there did seem to be a high-tech device built into each harness, and Mikoto wondered if that was the main attraction of this particular ride.

As she was strapped in, her bladder gave her a little spasm and she pressed her thighs together as best as she could without being too overt. It was difficult to do because part of the coaster’s harness went between her legs, forcing her legs apart slightly. She was tempted to rub her abdomen or even grab down there to put a bit of relieving pressure to fight the wave, but there was no way she was going to do that in front of Touma.

The urge passed and Mikoto relaxed a little, just in time for the coaster to lurch forward. They were suddenly launched at a rather high speed, something which startled Mikoto and sent another brief jolt to her bladder. She let out an “Eep” of shock and pressed her legs together again, blushing despite knowing Touma would likely interpret her reaction as just general surprise.

The coaster didn’t have a hill or any crazy buildup at the start, and instead launched directly into a fast-paced, fast moving ride. Mikoto was enjoying it thoroughly, but each time the coaster jerked and jolted her with fast corners and changes and short dips, she could feel it in her bladder.

Just as Mikoto was worried that the jolts of her bladder would cause her to leak, the ride calmed down as it started making its way up the tallest hill the coaster had. She managed to regain her composure even as she shuffled a bit in place, both taking the time to recover, and also preparing for the drop that would no doubt send another shock to her bladder.

The coaster reached the top of the hill and Mikoto once again squeezed her legs together as best as she could with the harness blocking her. The coaster dropped, rushing forwards as it was pulled down by gravity. As Mikoto figured, the motion sent a wave of desperation rushing over her, and much to her surprise and embarrassment, she felt herself let out a leak.

She blushed brightly and jammed a hand between her legs, hoping that Touma was too busy focusing on the thrill of the ride to notice. They reached the bottom of the hill and Mikoto continued to hold herself as they twisted and turned in a corkscrew.

Mikoto didn’t risk letting go until the coaster started slowing down and she was sure she wouldn’t leak again into her panties. She worriedly looked over at Touma, and relaxed when she noticed that he was looking straight ahead, his face pale and tears at the corners of his eyes. He had likely been screaming the whole time they dropped, and she doubted he noticed her holding herself.

The ride pulled back into the station and soon the two were unstrapped from their harnesses and heading back out into the park. Mikoto was trying to walk as normal as possible, even as her filling bladder made itself known with each step.

“Hey, Misaka, can we take it easy on the crazy rides?” Touma pleaded, still clearly pale-faced and shaken from that last ride.

“Y-yeah, that’s a good idea!” Mikoto agreed eagerly, both because she wanted Touma to have fun today, but also because she herself didn’t want to get on another crazy ride like that so soon after leaking. Not only that, but she was really starting to worry about what she’d do if she couldn’t slip away to pee. If they shifted their attention away from the rides, she was hoping she’d find a convenient excuse to slip away without outright admitting to Touma that she had to go.

The two set off to explore the calmer parts of the park, all the while with Mikoto scanning around, trying to find an excuse to slip away to the restrooms, or otherwise wracking her brain to think of an excuse.

###

Meanwhile, in a certain apartment in District 7, Last Order was standing puzzled in her room. To determine what was happening to her body, she drank quite a few glasses of water over the course of the day, and hadn’t been to the bathroom at all. Yet for some strange reason, every time she felt her bladder start growing full and uncomfortable, the sensation would mysteriously vanish.

“It’s no use, Misaka still Misaka still can’t figure out what’s going on, Misaka pouts, heading to get more water.”

Last Order stepped out into the hallway with the large glass, currently empty, and headed back towards the kitchen.

“Hey, brat, what have you been doing?”

Standing in the hallway, leaning on his cane and looking down at her with a furrowed brow, was Accelerator.

“Misaka has Misaka has been trying to figure out something odd that’s been going on with her body.”

“Is that why you’ve been drinking a bunch of water?” Accelerator asked. Apparently he had noticed Last Order’s frequent trips to refill her glass.

“Yes, Misaka nods Misaka nods,” Last Order, “For some reason, whenever Misaka gets the urge to pee, suddenly it vanishes.”

“That’s a dumb thing to notice,” Accelerator let out a sigh, “You’ll make yourself sick if you keep drinking, so knock it off.”

Last Order pouted, puffing out her cheeks, “But Misaka knows Misaka knows something’s been going on! And Misaka is thirsty!”

“Thirsty?” Accelerator looked down at Last Order, pinching her cheek and ignoring the small girl’s protests of pain, “Hmm… you don’t seem to be overhydrated. Perhaps there is something going on.”

Accelerator walked past Last Order, heading for the door wordlessly.

“Where are you going all of a sudden? Misaka asks Misaka asks.”

“To Yoshikawa’s, and you’re coming too,” Accelerator ordered, “If this has something to do with the Misaka Network, then it’s my problem now too.”

###

Misaka 13570 had moved up significantly in line since Misaka 10039 had went off to go find some other place to pee, but unfortunately, her urge had also gotten much worse. The line was moving slowly and she was no longer able to keep still as she stood, shuffling her legs back and forth as her bladder filled like a rock in her abdomen.

She looked around, biting her lip and wondering if Misaka 10039 had successfully found a place to pee. She would wait in line as long as she could before resorting to such drastic measures, but she wanted to know there was the option.

However, it didn’t seem like Misaka 10039 had returned. 13570 wondered casually if she had wet herself and was hiding out somewhere, or shopping at one of the souvenir shops for a change of clothes. She would almost find the idea amusing, if her own predicament didn’t mean she was getting closer and closer to that potential fate as well.

Misaka can hold it.

“Ugh, no wonder that took so long, only one of the stalls is open,” a woman with long hair complained as she exited the facilities proper.

“N-no way,” another girl with short hair, about 3 spots up from where Misaka 13570 was standing, looked up.

“Yeah, apparently two of the stalls broke. High tech place my ass, all the restrooms are like this. They probably spent all their money on the rides and cheaped out on the facilities.”

The first woman, having just relieved herself, walked off and sighed, and several other guests both behind and in front of Misaka left the line. Misaka was now right behind the second girl who had spoken up in disbelief. The other guests had likely decided looking for another restroom with more open stalls was better, but Misaka was now close to the front, and had more confidence she could hold out.

Despite her confidence, her bladder wasn’t any less full, and she felt it spasm as she stepped forwards. She jammed both hands between her legs, crossing her legs tightly as she clamped down, trying to prevent any leaks even as her body begged for her to let go.

In front of her, the girl with short hair looked like she was struggling even more than her. She danced desperately, legs shaking and completely unable to stand still. She let out whimper after whimper as she twisted her legs around themselves in an attempt to hold back the flood. Misaka watched as she shamelessly stood there, both hands jammed tightly against her crotch. Rather than a skirt, she was wearing jeans, and as she doubled over, Misaka could see the telltale signs of a leak staining the crotch of her pants.

Misaka 13570 sympathized with her, and earlier 10039 had been in a similar sorry state, but at the same time, watching the poor girl was only making Misaka even more acutely aware of her desperation. She found herself shifting her weight from foot to foot restlessly as she found it harder and harder not to squeeze at her crotch or rub her thighs back and forth desperately.

As the two moved up closer and closer to the bathrooms, Misaka found herself mentally rooting for the girl-- who was now bouncing in place desperately-- to make it, while also begging her own body to hold out. She felt another strong wave of desperation hit her and she bit her lip, doubling over and trying to cross her legs before she leaked.

It was no use. She felt a few stray drops leak into her panties, and she knew she was running out of time. Still, there looked to only be three or so people in front of her. She really hoped she could make it.

The girl in front of her looked less lucky. Her eyes were wide as she shook desperately, shamelessly doubled over and shuffled desperately. The wet spot on her jeans had grown a bit, and from how much she was quivering, Misaka 13570 didn’t think the girl in front of her was going to make it.

Suddenly, the girl before her gasped, dropping to the ground and jamming her heel against her crotch, bouncing desperately as she tried to fight it. She was almost hunched over in a ball, tears in her eyes, as she took a look around frantically, likely wondering if there was a last-minute place she could rush to for relief.

Seeing nothing, she clamped her eyes shut and continued crouching there for another moment, slowly and shakily raising herself to her feet, but clearly on the verge of wetting herself. The wet stain had grown again, and was even starting to reach down her leg.

Misaka felt her own bladder spasm sympathetically and she forced herself to look away, dancing desperately even as they moved up in line. She pressed her thighs tightly together as one hand balled up her skirt and the other rubbed her aching bladder, sitting like a rock in her abdomen.

The girl in front of Misaka 13570 finally reached the front of the line, and danced in place frantically as she begged the person in front of her to hurry up as she entered the stall. Misaka herself was bursting by this point as well, and was starting to worry about having to wait for the girl in front of her to empty her clearly full and strained bladder before her.

As it would turn out, 13570 wouldn’t have to worry about that. The second the one free stall flushed, the girl’s legs buckled and she doubled over in tears. She froze in place, shaking, eyes squeezed shut and hands clamped tightly over her crotch, but it was no use. A warm, wet spot spread across the girl’s butt as she let loose into her jeans. Her pee started splashing down her legs and spreading across the floor, even as the stall opened and the woman before her came out, gasping and casting her a sorry look.

The sight of the girl wetting herself drove Misaka 13570 past the point of bursting, and she desperately shuffled into the stall, stepping around the puddle. She tore her striped panties down just as the dams burst, and she threw her head back as she finally got to empty her bladder into the toilet.

She could hear her stream splashing strong against the toilet bowl as she peed, the swollen rock in her bladder aching even as she slowly started feeling the blissful relief. She panted there as she continued peeing, her stream at full force even as she continued.

It took a while for her to empty herself fully, and while she wished to savor the blissful relief for a few more moments, she could hear another desperate woman banging on the stall door and asking her to hurry up. Not wanting to deal with yet another puddle to navigate around, Misaka 13570 stood up, pulling her panties up and flushing the toilet before stepping out and letting the woman in. She saw the poor girl who had been holding it in front of her standing by one of the sinks, trying to desperately use paper towels to dry herself off as best as she could.

By the time she washed her hands and left the restroom, she saw 10039 standing outside waiting for her, with an ice slushy in her hands and an “I survived the Atomic Drop” button pinned proudly to her shirt.

“Misaka apologizes, Misaka found a place to relieve herself, but got distracted on her way back, Misaka admits. Misaka also recommends the Atomic Drop, it’s quite a thrilling ride.”

Misaka 13570 flicked 10039 on the forehead for not coming right back, and then started heading off, “Let’s go do something that doesn’t involve waiting in lines, Misaka suggests.”

Now that both of them had empty bladders, the two headed off to enjoy the park.

###

Mikoto wasn’t sure how she had gotten herself into this situation. She was standing at the front of a line, but unfortunately for her poor bladder, it wasn’t a bathroom line. Instead, she was waiting in line with Touma to go on the Infinity Star, the large ferris wheel in the center of the park.

She had been trying to enjoy her day at the park with Touma as much as possible, but as the day moved on, she was finding it harder and harder to focus on anything but her filling bladder. Rather, it was becoming impossible for her to ignore her needs.

She could feel it, sitting like a rock in her abdomen, and yet in the presence of Touma, she was forced to act like she was perfectly fine. Right now, she was standing in line for the large ferris wheel at the center of the park, smiling happily and standing with her thighs clamped together, even as she felt her bladder continue to fill.

Moreover, not only was she embarrassed about her full bladder, but she was going on a ferris wheel. With Touma. Alone. It was quite an intimate thing you’d do on a date, so it had taken her this long to build up to suggesting it.

“We have to go on the ferris wheel, right? I mean, it’s one of the tallest things in the park!”

That had been her logic, but even then, rather than building up courage to ride the ferris wheel, she probably should’ve been building up the courage to admit to Touma that she had to pee. It was getting worse, with waves of desperation harder and harder to ignore, and more importantly, harder and harder to hide.

“Hey, Misaka, it looks like it’s our turn,” Touma pointed out.

Mikoto looked up, and sure enough, they had made it to the front of the line. Touma let Mikoto in first, and she carefully climbed into the ferris wheel capsule. She sat down and ignored the twinge from her bladder as she squeezed her thighs tightly and rubbed her knees together discreetly. Touma climbed in after her and only then did Mikoto realize the problem. While she had done a good job of hiding her need to pee from Touma by letting him walk in front of her or at the very least being subtle about it as she stood next to him, in the small capsule, the two were facing each other.

Mikoto blushed and looked away, trying her best to sit still as the wheel started moving up. Unlike the fast, exciting rides the two had gone on up until now, this one was much more mellow, and easy on Mikoto’s bladder.

As their capsule slowly got higher and higher, Mikoto stopped focusing so much on her full bladder, and started focusing on the sights. The tall wheel could see out across much of the park, with only the taller buildings and complexes obscuring their view. The sky was golden, and Mikoto was actually surprised how late it already was, she had lost track of time.

“Oh wow, it’s so pretty,” Mikoto noted as they reached the top of the wheel.

“Yeah,” Touma agreed, nodding as he looked out the window on his side, “Thank you, Misaka. I probably would’ve never come here on my own, but I wound up having a lot of fun today.”

Mikoto blushed furiously, “W-well, yeah, I just really wanted to make it up to you for getting you involved in that incident…”

You idiot! Don’t blurt out something sincere while it’s just the two of us in this small capsule!

Immediately forgetting herself and her full bladder, Mikoto felt a wave of desperation wash over her as she got worked up, and immediately froze. She clamped her legs together and clenched the sides of her skirt with her hands tightly, using all of her willpower to fight back any leaks, even as she stood there without holding herself.

I want to hold it. I want to grab myself. I want to squirm. But I can’t in front of this idiot! This is bad this is bad this is bad!

Touma was saying something about how it was no big deal, and that he didn’t mind being injured and he was already wrapped up in the situation before Mikoto had asked for his help anyway, but Mikoto wasn’t listening to any of that. All she could focus on was fighting the jolt of desperation that was running through her.

Suddenly, the capsule started moving again and heading back down. Mikoto hadn’t even realized it stopped. She stood there, trying to subtly rub her thighs together without Touma noticing, fighting back her full bladder.

That’s it, I need to tell him. I need to admit I need to go. I can’t hold it anymore. As soon as we’re off this ride, I’ll tell him!

Mikoto watched eagerly, shuffling subtly back and forth in her seat, acutely aware of Touma’s gaze. Luckily, he had been captivated by staring out the window, so she was able to wriggle around and get her desperation under control temporarily. Unfortunately, their capsule got low enough that the view was no longer anything special, and Touma’s gaze returned to her.

Mikoto froze up, forcing a warm smile even as her bladder screamed at her. She took a few deep breaths, trying to figure out how to admit to Touma that she had to pee without utterly dying from embarrassment first.

Finally, the two made it back down to the ground, and as the two climbed out of the capsule, Mikoto squeezed her legs together one last time before clenching her fists. She whirled around, blushing like a tomato as she looked up at Touma.

“I… I need…. I need to go!”

Unable to hold his gaze, Mikoto turned to the side, embarrassed.

“Huh? Go where?” Touma asked, scratching the back of his head. He completely didn’t understand.

At this, all of Mikoto’s resolve left her, and she blushed even further, “I… I need to go… home… it’s getting late…”

“Ah, yeah, I do suppose Tokiwadai would be strict about curfew, wouldn’t they? Besides, I’m getting tired too, I only just got out of the hospital yesterday, after all.”

“Y-yeah, so we should go home!” Mikoto smiled, even as her bladder screamed at her. She shuffled her legs together discreetly as Touma took the lead and they headed to the park entrance.

Idiot! Why did I say that? I should just tell him! I just need to say I need to pee!

Mikoto blushed, trying to work up the courage to admit she needed to go. But even as she tried, as the two passed by the restrooms near the entrance, she could see a long line of waiting people. Not only was she not confident she could wait in line that long, but the last thing she wanted was for Touma to wait for her as she got more and more desperate.

We’ll leave the park, and then I can tell Touma I have to go to the toilet at the station! I need to say it this time! There’s no way I’m going to make it through that train ride!

###

Misaka 10032 walked along the streets of District 6 aimlessly, desperately searching for the restrooms. District 6 was a tourist area, so naturally one would expect their to be a substantial number of places for one to make a much-needed pit stop.

And yet, for some reason, available toilets were proving significantly scarce.

Most of the restrooms at restaurants, shops, and convenience stores near Infinity Festival were also surprisingly full, likely from guests who had left due to the terrible restroom accommodations inside the park. Now, however, Misaka 10032 had found herself amongst a barren street filled with the most inane and awkward souvenir shops, none of which seemed to have public restrooms.

Worse still, she was bursting. Or rather, bursting was an understatement. Misaka 10032 could feel her bladder, sitting like a rock in her abdomen. It was swollen and pressing tightly against the waistband of her skirt, and she had even resorted to unzipping her skirt just for a little bit of extra room. However, that was a temporary solution, and she knew it.

She hobbled down the street, legs squeezing together with each step, as she trudged on slowly. Her eyes darted around for anything closely resembling a restroom sign. The souvenir shops nearby were for books and dusty old knicknacks. No convenience stores, restaurants, or even a cafe nearby.

Misaka 10032 doubled over as she felt her bladder spasm. She jammed both hands between her legs and clamped her thighs together, but her taxed bladder won out momentarily. A short spurt of hot pee escaped out into her panties and soaked the already damp crotch.

With ragged breaths, Misaka 10032 regained control and continued to look around. At this point, she didn’t care if it were a proper bathroom. An alleyway, someplace discreet, anywhere she could pee would be fine.

Suddenly, her eyes caught something and lit up. Tucked away in the back of a store focusing on occult artifacts was the universal restroom sign.

Eagerly, Misaka 10032 hobbled into the store, surprised when she didn’t see anyone manning the counter. She didn’t care, she quickly hobbled to the back of the store, weaving between shelves and tables displaying merchandise and reaching the restrooms.

Her heart sank the second she reached them. On the door, there was a sign. “Bathroom locked, key available at the front desk.” Hoping it was a mistake, Misaka tried the door a few times, only for the handle to remain firmly in place. The toilets were locked.

Misaka 10032’s strained bladder spasmed again, and she doubled over, feeling another leak escape into her soaked panties. This one began dribbling down her leg, and she knew she didn’t have much time left.

She desperately hobbled back to the front desk, looking for a bell or anything to ring for service. Unfortunately, she saw nothing of the sort, and she had no idea where the shop owner was or when they’d be back. Best case scenario, they were using the toilet themselves and she could wait there and ask to use it as soon as they got out.

However, looking around, the shop was filled with a lot of weird artifacts, and the very atmosphere made Misaka 10032 uncomfortable. She had no idea if the store owner was even in the restroom, or even here.

She quickly hobbled out of the store, desperately trying to find another place to go. Her eyes once again lit up as she caught sight of the familiar sign of a convenience store. There was bound to be a restroom there.

She hobbled down the street towards her destination, trying to pick up the pace, but each step she took was a torturous jolt to her bladder. She felt her desperation spike with each step, and she was starting to dribble slowly into her panties.

“Misaka can make it, only a little longer, then Misaka can…!”

Misaka 10032 froze in her tracks as she felt her desperation heighten yet again. She felt her already swollen bladder fill to past bursting, and no matter how hard she clamped her legs together, she knew she couldn’t contain it anymore.

She practically exploded there on the street, pee gushing out of her even as she bent down into a squat. Her stream was still strong through her panties, and Misaka could feel the hot urine soak into the fabric and splash her legs.

She let out a breathy moan involuntarily as her aching bladder finally emptied out onto the street. Looking around embarrassed, she was eternally grateful it seemed like no one was around. If there was one benefit for getting lost in such a remote part of town, it was that no one was watching her accident.

It took a while for her to drain her bladder fully, and even then, she looked down, blushing slightly at the large puddle that was streaming down the sidewalk and towards a drainage ditch.

Misaka 10032 stood up, feeling her panties uncomfortable and sticky against her as the pee dripped from them. She looked around one more time and shamelessly removed them, kicking them into the drainage ditch and straightening out her skirt as she turned around.

Once she had put distance between herself and her accident, she looked up to the sky and noticed the golden tones stretching out overhead. She had intended to spend her day at the new amusement park, but instead, all she managed to do was to run around desperately and wet herself.

“Misaka is not yet satisfied with her day. Misaka will still go to the Infinity Festival, Misaka states.”

A slight breeze licked at her skirt and she could feel it between her legs, and she blushed, “But first, Misaka should buy a new pair of panties.”

###

This is… this is really bad! I have to pee I have to pee I have to pee! I don’t know how I’m going to make it back!

Mikoto was unable to admit to Touma that she needed to pee before boarding the train, which put her in a rather unenviable position. Namely, she was absolutely bursting, feeling like she was on the complete verge of wetting herself, while stuck on a train right next to Touma.

Her face was red, and despite her insane desperation, she was sitting down completely still. Or rather, it was more that she felt like if she moved even a little bit, it would definitely come out.

The trains were rather empty, with most people electing to stay at the Infinity Festival, even if it meant breaking curfew. In truth, Mikoto had no intentions of trying to make it past curfew either, but with the situation the way it was, she didn’t think she’d be able to enjoy the rest of the park like this.

To be honest, a lot of those bathroom lines were rather long. I don’t really know if I was going to make it. Well, even still, it’s going to take this train 20 minutes to get back, at least. I really, really don’t know how I’m going to hold it!

Mikoto’s legs quivered involuntarily and she could feel the muscles in her crotch and her abdomen ache with the effort of holding back the flood. Her bladder was like a rock-hard balloon pressing out, sloshing uncomfortably in her abdomen and sensitive to every minute vibration of the train car. She couldn’t even unzip her skirt for relief, because the waistband of her shorts that she usually wore for modesty was digging into it uncomfortably.

She shifted and shuffled desperately before catching herself and looking over at Touma, horrified that he might notice, but somehow, Touma had managed to fall asleep after all that.

That idiot! Don’t fall asleep comfortably while I’m sitting here absolutely bursting!

Mikoto said that angrily, but then her face immediately lit up, and she jammed her hands between her legs, squirming and shuffling as she rubbed her knees together. She had been holding back because she didn’t want to admit anything to Touma, but if he was going to sleep like a log, then she was going to hold herself.

It offered her the slightest bit of relief, but she still had no idea how she was going to make it back to the station.

I have… I have to get my mind off of it, if I keep thinking about it, I’m definitely going to wet myself!

Mikoto looked around frantically before her eyes fell back on Touma’s face.

His eyes were closed, and he was snoring lightly, his chest rising and falling rhythmically. Mikoto noticed the tired bags under his eyes, and wondered if he had been pushing himself lately.

You’re always like that, you know? Getting involved with stuff, and throwing yourself into danger without caring about your own safety. You didn’t even tell me you had just gotten out of the hospital today. I would’ve let you rest. Worry about yourself too, idiot.

In spite of herself, Mikoto absentmindedly raised her hand and brushed it through Touma’s hair. Suddenly, she realized what she just did, and her face lit up bright red.

W-w-w-w-w-what did I just….

She snapped her attention back to Touma, hoping to all hope he was still asleep. In her excitement, she had also somehow managed to push her intense desperation to the back of her mind, so that all came flooding back too, and Mikoto was forced to jam her hands back against her crotch and she doubled over.

The wave of desperation crashed into her and Mikoto was sure she was going to wet herself. She felt herself leak into her panties, and was eternally grateful she was also wearing her usual shorts underneath. She clamped down hard, squeezing her thighs together and tried her best to prevent another leak.

No no no no! Don’t come out, don’t come out!

She managed to stave off her desperation, and her attention turned back to Touma. Luckily, he had slept through both her desperate squirming next to him, and also her brushing his hair with her hand.

Letting out only the slightest sighs of relief, Mikoto continued to hold it, watching the clock count down slowly and hoping beyond hope she could somehow make it through.

I can hold it… I can hold it… I can hold it… I have to pee… I’m going to pee… I can’t… I can’t hold it! It’s going to come out. It’s definitely going to come out! I’m going to wet myself!

Somehow, through sheer willpower alone, Mikoto managed to hold on until the end of the trip. Despite her bladder spasming and screaming at her the whole train ride, she Mikoto felt the train slow down and let out a relieved sigh.

Her feelings of relief were quickly replaced with worry as she heard Touma stir beside her. He let out a tired yawn and stood up, and she realized she wouldn’t be able to hold herself openly.

Making herself as presentable as possible, Mikoto stood up, and almost immediately she let out another leak into her panties. She wanted nothing more than to double over and jam her hands between her legs desperately, but with Touma there, she forced herself to stay as still as possible as she pressed her legs together tightly.

I’m going to leak I’m going to leak I’m going to leak!

“Hey, Misaka, are you okay?” Touma asked, looking at her with concern.

“I-I-I’m fine!” Mikoto lied, even as she stood there feeling on the verge of wetting herself. She forced herself to fall into step behind Touma, even as each step sent a torturous jolt through her bladder.

Mikoto figured it would be casual enough for her to slip away before walking all the way through the station, so she began scanning for signs to the restrooms. Her eyes lit up when she saw a familiar red symbol, but her heart immediately sank when she noticed that the bathrooms were closed for cleaning.

No… no way, at a time like this? I’m seriously going to wet myself!

She forced a smile and continued to walk with Touma until they reached the entrance to the station. It took all of Mikoto’s willpower not to double over, jam her hands between her legs, and rush off to find the nearest restrooms. Instead, with her body screaming at her in desperation, she maintained as calm of a façade as she could and smiled shakily at Touma.

“I hope you had fun today, this was me paying you back for helping me out, after all!”

“I did, thank you, Misaka,” Touma nodded, “It’s gotten dark, want me to walk home with you?”

“I can take care of myself, thank you! Or did you forget that I’m the 3rd strongest?” Mikoto bragged, throwing off some sparks for show.

In truth, today had felt like such a date between them, and any other day Mikoto wouldn’t have protested, but right now, it was taking all of her strength not to grab herself and make a mad dash for the toilets, and she was at the limit of maintaining her composure without wetting herself.

“Right, right, my bad,” Touma scratched his cheek, “Anyway, take care, Misaka, thank you again for today.”

Mikoto blushed as Touma turned around and waved, heading off towards his dorm.

Mikoto herself rounded the corner, and the second Touma was out of sight, she jammed both hands between her legs and began dashing for the nearest convenience store. She charged in and headed for the toilets, only to be stopped by another cleaning sign.

You’re kidding! I don’t have time for this! How close are the Tokiwadai dorms?

Mikoto charged out of the convenience store and reached out her hand, using her electricity to pull herself magnetically up to the roof. She started hopping her way to the dorms quickly, no longer caring about the jolts of desperation each step sent through her bladder. She was about to wet herself anyway.

I have to pee I have to pee I have to pee I have to pee I have to pee! Oh my god I have to pee so bad!

Mikoto somehow managed to make her way over to the Tokiwadai dorms, slipping onto the balcony. It was past curfew, and any unpleasant conversation with their dorm supervisor would certainly lead to a rather substantial puddle.

Swearing up and down, Mikoto clambered into the dorm and tossed off her shoes sloppily, making a beeline for the dorm’s toilets. She feels her aching muscles begin to give out as she dribbles and leaks again into her panties, but all she cared about now was making it to the toilet before she fully wet herself.

She grabbed the handle to the bathroom door and turned, only to feel it catch. It was locked.

“H-hey, Kuroko! Get out, hurry!”

“Huh, is that Onee-sama~!? Oh, you’ve been gone all day, where have you been?”

“That doesn’t matter, Kuroko, I’m about to wet myself, please, hurry up!”

Mikoto was worried that, if she outright admitted to being with Touma all day, Kuroko just might stay in the toilet out of spite until Mikoto wet herself.

“I’m almost done, Onee-sama~!”

Mikoto leaned against the door, one hand jammed up against her crotch as she danced back and forth. She was so close, all she had to do was wait for Kuroko to get out of the bathroom.

“Kuroko, please, I can’t…”

But it was no use. Mikoto had pushed herself too far, she had held it for too long, and trying to hide her desperation in front of Touma had done her no favors. Her willpower was one thing, but her body physically couldn’t hold it anymore.

She felt herself start leaking, still desperately trying to hold on, clamping her hand down harder and harder, even as she let out spurt after spurt of hot pee into her panties. The leaks had already made it to her bike shorts, and Mikoto was hit by yet another spasm, a longer stream that shot out between her legs and dripped onto the ground.

In the next second, she burst. Her taxed muscles relaxed and pee gushed out of her unrestrained. She collapsed, unable to even stand, as her aching bladder finally emptied itself out onto the floor.

She continued peeing, letting out ragged, strained breaths even as she felt her swollen bladder recede as the pee soaked into her panties, shorts, and the back of her skirt. The puddle grew and she could feel it start to soak into her socks as well, with her legs out beside her.

She let out a long sigh as finally her aching desperation gave way to blissful relief, even as her face lit up bright red as she realized she was having a full-blown accident.

It took quite some time before the trail finally tricked to a stop, and by the time Mikoto regained her senses enough to realize how big of a puddle she made, she was absolutely mortified.

The bathroom door in front of her opened, and Kuroko, in her pajamas, looked down, and blushed, placing a hand over her mouth. Whether it was in surprise, amusement, or both, Mikoto wasn’t sure.

“Onee-sama! You… you wet yourself! Oh dear! This is bad! It looks like it’s my job to comfort you, and get you changed, and I can bathe you as well, come here, Onee-sama!”

Mikoto stood up silently, sparks shooting from her forehead. Her face was red as a tomato, and she was glaring down at Kuroko.

“H-hey, Onee-sama… that’s a scary look…”

The sounds of sparks and electricity pierced through the night sky. As well as a pained cry, and another yell, full of rage and embarrassment.

“KUROKOOOOO!”

###

“My my, that’s fascinating,” Yoshikawa looked over a chart that had just been printed from a large scanning machine. Last Order was sitting on the table, and Accelerator was standing in the corner with his arms crossed.

“Misaka wants Misaka wants to know what’s happening to her body!”

“Just spit it out already, is the damn brat okay?” Accelerator asked.

“Well, I’m pretty sure the answer is yes,” Yoshikawa smiled, “I don’t quite know the theory behind it, and unfortunately it seems like the phenomenon has stopped for now, so I don’t know if I can research it further. But, there seemed to be something odd happening within Last Order’s body. For some reason, certain conditions were met that allowed teleportation of excess fluid within her body to be instantly teleported across the Misaka Network. In particular, any time she overhydrated or had to go to the bathroom, her body was subconsciously sending that water to other Sisters connected via Radio Noise.”

“What the hell? How’s that even possible?” Accelerator asked, “Don’t tell me that brat’s capable of performing the necessary 11th-dimensional calculations that teleporters use?”

Last Order puffed out her cheeks and stuck her tongue out at Accelerator, “Hey, Misaka is Misaka is offended, I’m smart!”

“Well, smart or not, she wasn’t the one performing the calculations. Rather, you could say it was a phenomenon that allowed for teleportation without the proper calculations first,” Yoshikawa answered, “Or, perhaps that isn’t quite right either. It’s more like various environmental and geographical factors, such as the way the Misaka Network was set up, the location of each individual Sisters, and various weather phenomena, happened to align perfectly to allow for Last Order’s body to perform something she ordinarily wouldn’t be able to.

It’s similar to the principles behind Espers and Gemstones. If something can happen naturally, it should theoretically be possible to create synthetically. Conversely, if it’s possible to create a certain effect or outcome synthetically, there should theoretically be a set of conditions to cause that effect naturally. Of course, the probability of something like spontaneous teleportation of fluid or other physical material across the Misaka Network happening naturally is astronomically low. It’s also possible these conditions were forced by something, but seeing as Last Order hasn’t been targeted recently, I actually think the former is more likely.”

“... It doesn’t harm her, right?” Accelerator asked, “Or any of the other clones?”

Yoshikawa smiled, “No, I doubt the effect could’ve caused any harm to Last Order or the other Sisters. Though, the clones might find themselves in some embarrassing situations. After all, liquid was teleporting directly from inside Last Order to their bodies suddenly abruptly, most likely to their bladders. I imagine that would be an unpleasant thing to suddenly experience. It’s likely that clones with lower numbers, like 10032, would have been affected more often, since the distribution is skewed among the remaining clones. Other than some more frequent trips to the toilet, or even a few close calls, I do not think this phenomenon was dangerous in any way.”

“Will it happen again?” Accelerator asked.

“Who can say,” Yoshikawa shrugged, “It’s not happening right now, so I can’t determine whether the conditions will be met again. Whether it was an outside force acting on the Misaka Network, or just a coincidence, it’s possible it will happen again. I guess when it does, Last Order can enjoy a few less trips to the bathroom, and the other Sisters might not want to be too far away from one.”

End
