Inconvenient Subway Delays (F/F)

Author: Rhea

*000*2024-01-28 23:58

I found this fic on ArchiveofourOwn and thought some folks here might appreciate it.

Desperation play, cisgender lesbian F/F.

Wendy crossed her legs as she waited impatiently for the subway car doors to close. While both Wendy and her girlfriend Gina had used the washroom before leaving the Stuck Pig restaurant, Gina had only sipped on a single cocktail and half a glass of water over the course of their meal. Meanwhile Wendy had downed two cocktails and nearly three full glasses of water. Now on the subway forty-five minutes later, Wendy felt pleasantly warm and was noticeably filling up with pee again. Her jeans were a tight, attractive fit, but that also meant her bladder pressed against the button when she was well-hydrated.

Gina sat beside Wendy, apparently unconcerned by the delay. She wasn’t paying Wendy much attention either, instead using a stylus to slowly scroll through a novel on her phone.

“Trains are delayed due to a track obstruction at Viridian Station.” The calm, electronic voice rang through the train car. “Please listen for further updates. We appreciate your patience.”

Wendy groaned. Not even an estimate on when they’d be moving? She might actually be in trouble, and that wasn’t what she’d wanted. Not really.

Wendy squeezed her legs together and looked down at the metal subway floor, feeling embarrassed by her predicament. She and Gina had planned for her to get desperate on their commute home. It was the main reason why they’d decided to travel out to the Stuck Pig instead of going to Queenie’s or Four Blossoms in their own neighborhood – but they hadn’t included delays in their planning. It had occurred to Wendy beforehand but she was trying to let go of being in control of everything, and occasionally that meant complications like a longer than anticipated trip home.

“Well shit,” Gina said conversationally, looking up from her phone. She cast her eyes over Wendy over slowly, taking in the look of mild panic that Wendy knew was plain on her face. Her gaze slid down to Wendy’s hands clasped together over her magenta top, then Wendy’s intertwined legs in tight black jeans.

“We didn’t plan for this,” Wendy said, trying to keep quiet while still letting through her urgency. “I thought we’d be home in an hour...”

“No one ever plans for train delays, the transit system included,” replied Gina with a shrug. There was no hint of concern on her face, and Wendy felt a hot surge of annoyance. Gina wasn’t the one who was desperate to piss and had no idea how long it would be until they got home. But then again, Wendy had wanted a partner who would make her fill up with pee and hold it. The outing had been Gina’s suggestion, but only because Wendy had shared her fantasies of being desperate in public.

But Wendy didn’t want to actually piss herself in front of strangers! The fullness aspect was hot, that secret naughtiness. The idea that she would flood her pants at home, safely alone with Gina. She didn’t want to expose anyone unwilling to seeing her urinate.

Wendy was confident in the strength of her own bladder. She was full but from past experience she knew she had at least another fifteen minutes. Ordinarily, that’d be enough time to get home – they were only two stops away now – but who knew how long this “track obstruction” would take to clear.

One time last year, after a fire caused by trash on the tracks, it had taken an hour and five minutes to get home from the previous station.

Wendy’s bladder probably couldn’t handle an hour. Not safely.

“Are you getting uncomfortable?” Gina placed a hand on top of Wendy’s.

“Yes,” Wendy said quietly.

“Too uncomfortable? Because there’s a bathroom at the Starbucks near this station exit. I can get a coffee and you can use the washroom safely. If your bladder’s feeling weak, we can get off here.

“But,” Gina continued more softly, “then there’s no getting off at home for you tonight.”

Wendy flushed, immediately mortified by the unlikely but not impossible prospect of someone overhearing. Half the seats on the train were filled, though no one was sitting next to either of them. There was no sign that anyone else was listening, and Gina had kept her voice low, but Wendy was still acutely cautious.

Gina leaned in until her breath was warm against Wendy’s ear.

“I know that you want to get off with my fingers on your clit while you’re pissing,” Gina whispered. “I think you can hold it in until we get home.”

Longing shot through Wendy’s body, her crotch warm with anticipation, as she tried not to blush.

“Fine,” Wendy muttered back, squeezing her legs together. “I’ll be fine.”

“Play one of your matching games on your phone to keep your mind off your urgency,” Gina suggested, leaning back into her seat and returning her attention to her own device.

Without any better ideas to keep her bladder from becoming overwhelmingly distracting, Wendy reluctantly pulled up Berry Bingo on her phone. She really she didn’t want to admit defeat now and go to the Starbucks bathroom. It probably wouldn’t be too long until the train started moving again. Probably.

Wendy was pulled in by the game’s bright colors and dopamine-rewarding matches, only to be jolted out again when the train delay announcement repeated itself. The return to the present moment sent a fresh pang of urinary need through Wendy and she squeezed her internal muscles.

Minutes dragged on and the pressure in Wendy’s bladder only grew. She could feel it pressing against the edge of her tight jeans and once she adjusted the waistband for some small relief. If she had been holding at home, she would unbutton her pants – if Gina would let her, at least – but here she wouldn’t dare. Even the little adjustment felt risqué and Wendy didn’t attempt it again.

Later, engrossed in Berry Bingo again, Wendy caught herself starting to relax, letting the urine start to slip down into her urethra. She was desperate, but she wasn’t so far gone yet that she’d lose control. Wendy was both proud of and frustrated by how well she could hold in her piss, but it gave her the confidence that she needed right now. She really needed to urinate, but she wouldn’t lose control yet.

“The train obstruction has been cleared,” said the subway car loudspeakers. “Please clear the doors; we will be moving shortly.”

Finally. Wendy was relieved for just a moment before thinking about the rest of the trip she still had to get through. She definitely had more pee inside of her than she did when they’d gotten on – twenty minutes ago, she realized when she checked the time.

“Lucky for you, then,” Gina said, squeezing Wendy’s thigh as the train doors closed.

“Could have been worse,” Wendy said as casually as she could.

Finally, the train started to inch away from the station. Wendy knew she could make it home from here. It would be quite uncomfortable, but she would make it.

Despite Wendy resuming the matching game, the near-constant awareness of her bladder sent her mind wandering down more erotic routes. Gina’s agile fingers would slide between Wendy’s legs when Wendy got to piss herself at home...

Restless in her seat, Wendy took solace in knowing she just had a few more minutes before she could get off the train. Then she just had to walk home without losing control. Her panties were starting to feel wet despite her lack of leaks, because the impending release was turning Wendy on so badly.

“The train has reached Birch Square. Please allow passengers to exit the train before boarding. Thank you for your cooperation. This is a westbound train.”

It was less than two minutes between the penultimate stop and their home station, but it had never felt so long to Wendy. The vibrations of the train went directly to her clit and bladder, emphasizing how full she felt.

Wendy knew she could make it home. At least, if they didn’t run into any further delays. But Wendy’s swollen abdomen and desperate fullness were an unignorable source of discomfort. She pressed her crossed legs together and resisted the urge to bounce in her seat as the seconds ticked by.

When train began to slow again, Wendy leapt to her feet. For a moment, she felt lighter, as standing re-adjusted the pressure on her abdomen. But the relief was fleeting. Wendy’s bladder was still tight against the waistband of her jeans, and knowing that she was close to home only increased her impatience. She grimaced and tried to hold her ground without making her impatience obvious.

“This is Archbrick Station,” the train’s announcement system chimed.

Finally, the doors opened at their home stop. Wendy could have sung for joy. Gina rose, apparently unconcerned, and followed Wendy as she stepped off the train and speed-walked down the platform.

As Wendy hurried up the subway stairs, her bladder felt so tight that she every movement was uncomfortable. She wished she could let out just a few drops of urine to lessen the pressure, but she couldn’t. It was unlikely that she could relax that much in public, and if she did then she probably wouldn’t be able to stop again.

As Wendy reached street level, she knew that the desperation scene that she and Gina had planned to enact when they arrived home wouldn’t work. They would have to skip ahead, because Wendy needed to piss soon or it could be dangerous for her bladder, her kidneys, or her dignity.

The walk home was less than eight minutes but it felt endless to Wendy. The intense, uncomfortable urinary urgency was impossible to ignore now, and painfully erotic. Wendy’s cunt clenched in pleasure again and again as she couldn’t stop thinking about the fast-approaching promise of release.

“Excited to get home, aren’t you?” Gina remarked, effortlessly keeping pace with Wendy’s stride.

“Less ‘excited’ and more ‘can’t wait’ to get home,” said Wendy. She was embarrassed and turned on, but at least out here there were fewer pedestrians and plenty of background traffic noise; no one was likely to overhear them.

“Are those concepts so different?”

“Excitement has a positive, giddy connotation. Whereas I’m barely holding it together.” They were less than two blocks away now, but being closer to safety only made Wendy’s bladder more insistent.

“You could be barely holding it together due to your excitement, thinking about all that wonderful warmth that’s going to flood your panties while I touch you.”

Flushing, Wendy threw a glare at Gina, and her girlfriend just smiled back. Fortunately, Gina didn’t tease any further, and soon enough they reached the front door to their garden-level apartment.

At their doorstep, Gina placed a hand on Wendy’s cheek and drew her in for a kiss. Wendy accepted happily, but squirmed when Gina wrapped the other arm around her waist. She was too desperate to fool around outside any longer.

“Come on, Gina, please,” Wendy protested.

“Fine, fine,” Gina laughed. She reached into her purse for her keys.

Wendy watched Gina open the door with so much impatience she felt she might explode. Her panties were slick and wet, fiercely aroused as Wendy was from the overwhelming fullness of her bladder and the knowledge of impending pleasure.

Wendy kicked off her shoes as she hurried to the bathroom, nearly tripping over herself in her haste. Gina moved efficiently, but without any particular rush, locking the front door behind them before sitting down on the bench to pull off her boots.

“Go stand in the tub, but don’t start peeing until I tell you to,” Gina called as Wendy reached the threshold of the bathroom.

Wendy stepped into the tub, crossing her legs together tightly and just barely resisting the urge to press a hand against her crotch. She vaguely wanted to kiss Gina, she was vaguely frustrated, but more than anything she just wanted to piss.

Gina strode into the bathroom to stand beside the tub. Grinning, she cradled the back of Wendy’s head with one hand and pressed the other hand against Wendy’s bladder. The gently dominant touch filled Wendy with intense yearning.

Gina kissed Wendy deeply. Wendy’s crotch was hot and desperate, and she felt truly ready to burst. After a few moments, Gina pulled back and said the long-awaited words:

“You may go.”

As soon as the words were out of Gina’s mouth, Wendy felt her abdomen contract. She could feel the warm urine traveling down her urethra and hover near expulsion. Wendy was still wearing pants and panties, and out in public she’d strived so hard to avoid pissing in her clothes. But here, with Gina’s hand putting firm pressure on her bladder and the safety of the tub beneath her, Wendy could safely let go. Obediently let go of all her piss...

A tentative drop escaped, then a little trickle, blossoming into wet warmth. Gina pressed her lips against Wendy’s again and Wendy melted into the kiss as her bladder fully gave way. Urine rushed through Wendy’s panties into her jeans, soaking through the denim and running down her legs, hot and uninhibited.

Gina slid her hand down Wendy’s abdomen to unbutton and unzip her pants, shimmying into Wendy’s soaking underwear. As piss kept flowing out, Gina rubbed Wendy’s clit. Her touch felt so good, Wendy overcome with immense arousal while simultaneously luxuriating in the urinary relief. She was so very turned on and also embarrassingly, desperately glad to be finally emptying her full bladder.

With Gina’s lips on hers and Gina’s hand expertly working her cunt, everything melted away for Wendy except for pleasure. That hot wetness kept spilling down her legs, soaking her jeans and socks and puddling in the tub beneath her, and Wendy was alight with hedonism and a touch of titillating shame.

Eventually, Wendy squeezed out the last few trickles of urine, still terribly aroused. Gina kept working her hand and in less than a minute, she brought Wendy to orgasm.

“Good girl,” Gina said as Wendy moaned and spasmed, barely able to stay on her feet as her muscles clenched and her cunt exploded with spikes of pleasure.

The feeling faded quickly, and Wendy was left panting and soaked from the crotch down.

“Was it worth the wait?” Gina teased.

Wendy didn’t bother to reply verbally, but kissed her girlfriend firmly.

