Oops......Out of Order!

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-05-04 19:49

Molly was having fun at the club with all her friends. Everyone is town was there. The young, hot, 22-year-old just finished college and was celebrating in a new black mini skirt and and tight top. Her brown hair flowed gorgeously as she danced. And all that dancing caused her two beers and three waters to swash around her body, faster into her bladder. It was near the top. Molly felt a pinch.

"Oh," she said. She went to the bathroom but the line was too long. Even the men's line. She went to sit with her friends and crossed her legs, wiggled her foot. The bladder only got fuller. She felt heat and pressure inside her. Molly was at her limit. "Excuse me," she said to her friends. She went to the bathroom. The lines were shorter so she waited. Ten minutes felt like an eternity. Molly was dancing in line. Finally, a stall was unocuupied. "Thank god. I can't wait much longer."

Just then, as she got in the stall, uncrossed her legs, yellow liquid starting to come out, she started to pull her skirt but then.....BAM!!!! The pipes burst. Water was pouring out of the back of the toilets. Molly screamed and ran out. The owner of the club went and placed up a huge OUT OF ORDER sign. Molly's heart sank. The pee was fighting its way out. People were around her in the middle of the dance floor.

She started to cry. She could not wait. "Oh no, no, nooo!" She sqeaked. Pee burst out of her. Liters, down her legs, through her panties, onto the floor. Molly was humiliated. She cried and ran away..

*002*2017-05-04 23:30

{{1 hour ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Not bad. I like them to have a lot of detail, but I also don't like it to take too long to get to the point.

Can you do one involving jeans, shorts, or jean shorts sometime?

}}

Sure. But you should check this out. It'll drive you nuts lol

$iframe data-embedcontent="" frameborder="0" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/1618-great-desperation-story/?do=embed"

*004*2017-05-06 19:34

{{On 5/4/2017 at 6:07 PM, The Dark Wolf said:

Not bad. I like them to have a lot of detail, but I also don't like it to take too long to get to the point.

Can you do one involving jeans, shorts, or jean shorts sometime?

}}

Hey I fulfilled your request:

$iframe data-embedcontent="" frameborder="0" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/37006-jodies-plumbing-problems/?do=embed&comment=1320063&embedComment=1320063&embedDo=findComment#comment-1320063"

