Freedom Found

Author: Roger Ireland

*000*2020-06-18 14:31

At that point there was no more waiting, she had reached the end of the line, her muscles were quivering with strain and about to give up at any moment. She was standing with her legs crossed and her hand between her thighs, her ankle still chained to the steel shackle anchoring her to the wall behind her. Her hand suddenly felt warm as she dribbled uncontrollably into her panties. A slow trickle wound down the inside of her thigh as her loss of control continued. Her denim skirt, which she had wedged between her legs with her hand, developed a growing dark patch as her pee slowly soaked into it. It was almost as if her body knew there was no going back from here because the flow got stronger despite her efforts to control herself and no matter what she did, the pee kept coming out and down her legs.

The strength of the flow increased as she gave up trying to stem the tide and her bottom got soaked when there was too much to go down her legs immediately. She straightened up with a deep sigh and watched as the front of her skirt got soaked to the hem and dripped onto the floor in front of her while the hem at the back made its own puddle. They had taken her shoes off her earlier, so she was stood in bare feet and she felt her pee wet her feet as it dripped down. Finally it stopped and she clenched her buttocks together to see just how wet her panties were, soaked, was the answer, as more pee dribbled down her legs when she squeezed.

They chose that moment to walk into the room and as they did so her pee was trickling towards the door in little rivulets. Their eyes followed the trail of pee back up to its source and looked at her wet feet and the large wet patch on her skirt. She wanted the ground to swallow her at that moment and blushed a deep red in shame as she saw them taking in the whole scene. ‘They’, were two men about 23 years old who had taken her from the doorway of her dorm block at the university a few hours ago. One of them came over to her and touched the hem of her skirt front then turned her around and felt her bottom through her wet skirt and panties.

He held her arms tightly while his companion came over and unfastened her wet skirt letting it drop to the floor. She stood there in just her top and panties wondering what would be next. She didn’t have to wait long, the same man put his thumbs inside the waistband of her panties and pulled them down to her ankles leaving her naked and wet from the waist down. The man holding her now felt her naked and slightly damp bottom again, feeling all around her buttocks slowly and firmly. He then put his hand around the front of her and ran his fingers through her wet bush, pulling the short hairs slightly as he did so.

The one man kept holding her tightly while his companion carefully released her other hand from the handcuff which was fastened to a chain in the overhead beam. The handcuffs were re-positioned on both wrists now behind her back and then they released her ankle from the shackle in the wall. Once her feet were free one man picked up her wet skirt and knickers and carefully placed them on a chair nearby in such a way that the wet patches were visible. The man who held her waited while the other man tied her ankles together, dashing any hopes she had entertained of kicking or running.

The man then let her go and they both went to stand in front of her. She noted that the one who had held her and felt her wetness had very dark hair while his companion had blonde tips to his dark hair. In different circumstances she could have found him attractive but no chance as things stood. The dark haired guy now spoke, breaking the eerie silence at last and said, ‘You’ve just completely wet yourself, soaked your knicks and peed down your skirt and legs. Now we will have to find you dry things to wear. What have you got to say for yourself?’ She blushed deeply again, ‘I’m sorry,’ she said, ‘I just couldn’t wait, I tried hard to stop but it was too hard and it came trickling out no matter what I did.’

‘Do you often pee yourself?’ He asked. ‘Not often,’ she replied, ‘but it has happened occasionally.’

‘Tell me about the last time you wet yourself this badly,’ he said. She thought about it for a moment and then, almost in disbelief that she was going to recount her past embarrassments to him said, ‘I was coming back into town one evening a few weeks ago and I was desperate to use the bathroom on the train but it was out of order so I just had to wait. As we got nearer to my stop I got more desperate and I was holding myself and rocking in my seat to hold on. Then it just happened and I started dribbling into my knickers. I couldn’t stop once it started and I sat there and peed myself completely, just like now. My skirt was soaked and there was a puddle on the train seat but no one could see, at least not until I stood up, then everyone could see what I had done. I felt dribbles down my legs and I dripped a bit on the floor and people saw.’ She blushed again suddenly as the memory flashed back into her mind.

They left her there then, sat on the chair, handcuffed and with her ankles tied together and round the legs of the chair. They took away her skirt and knickers and turned out the light as they left. Anna, for that was her name, had always considered herself to have a strong, resilient nature, in fact most of her friends said as much on occasion. She would never have believed that such a demeaning experience such as she had suffered in the last few hours would have knocked her confidence so badly. The actuality of the experience was far worse than she could ever have imagined. Anna was not a prude nor shy by any means but to have two guys see that she had completely wet herself uncontrollably had been embarrassing to the point that she had a headache from the intensity of it. That, and the humiliation of being stripped from the waist down and touched up by them as well.

She sat on the chair with no concept of the time and as she grew hungrier and colder, despair such as she had never before experienced took hold of her mind. She went into herself and thought of her life up to that point, her family, her ex boyfriends, her studies, nothing helped and her mind wandered further into the dark. Sometime later she awoke from a fitful doze to find that she had peed again without realising it and she was sitting in a puddle on the chair. Anna began to cry, wishing it was all over and recognizing that this was the lowest she had ever felt in her life.

When her two best girlfriends entered the room where she was tied up they had warm blankets, clean dry jeans and hot coffee in a take-out cup. They gently released her from the ties and handcuffs, wrapped her in the blankets and hugged her. Anna was crying again now and they just hugged her until she stopped. Julie, one of Anna’s friends, said, ‘you are so brave to go through this Anna, I don’t think I could have done it in a million years. I can see it was harder than you imagined. Don’t talk now just let’s get you back and something to eat then a good sleep and we will talk in the morning.’ Anna looked at her friends and with tears in her eyes said simply, ‘thank you, I would like that.’

###

The next morning Julie and Rachel, Anna’s friends, made breakfast in the dorm kitchen and brought it into Anna’s room. Anna was up and had showered by then and was sitting in her jeans and sloppy jumper. To her two friends she looked almost normal but there was a haunted look in her eyes still testifying to the previous evening’s trauma. They had breakfast making small talk, no one wanted to broach the subject of last night.

Then Anna said, ‘it’s ok guys, I’m not going to fall apart we can talk about it but I just want to say that you two are angels in disguise, I can’t thank you enough for your care and kindness last night, it helped me start to recover.’ Julie and Rachel both started talking at once and stopped, then Rachel said, ‘So was the experiment a success that’s what I want to know, but clearly it cost you dear in psychological terms so tell us about that.’ Anna began, ‘when we discussed the mental trauma that a kidnap victim would go through if they were denied basic humanity and amenities and treated badly with little or no respect I knew that might mean enduring the cold, hunger and discomfort. I also knew that I could be tied up and at someone else’s mercy and that I might end up wetting myself at some point if I couldn’t wait.

I think what I wasn’t prepared for was the humiliation and embarrassment being that bad. It’s one thing talking about it but quite another when you are exhausted with the struggle and there is absolutely nothing you can do but give in to your body. Then to feel your hot pee as it soaks your clothes and dribbles down your legs is the most demoralising feeling I have ever had. I think it’s because you are already feeling psychologically vulnerable and then any extra trauma is heightened. So yes, the experiment was a success but it was hard, the two guys that you chose to play the kidnappers were brilliant, they took it just as far as we had asked but no further.

The humiliation was awful, knowing that I had peed myself and that they could see clearly then stripping my skirt and knickers off and feeling my pussy all made me feel so low. At that point I just wanted it over and felt kind of numb to the whole experience. I was going to write it up for the class assignment in the first person but I really don’t think I can, it will have to be in the third person, I don’t want to get that close if you see what I mean.’ Rachel and Julie were speechless and just hugged her again.

Anna wrote the experience as a 1,200 word report on an interviewed victim and received top marks and a merit for it as well as a standing ovation from her psychology classmates. The two guys who had played the kidnappers’ parts joined the three girls for a meal out the evening after the class. They were full of admiration for Anna and the lengths she had gone to in order to make her research ‘real’.

One of the guys, the dark haired one, Brad, said, ‘seriously it taught me a lesson, I felt so bad for you and so wanted to stop your trauma that I almost went back in and stopped it all but I knew you wouldn’t have wanted that. However, I could never do that for real, it hurt me to watch that experiment let alone take part.’ Anna thanked him and gave him a hug and a kiss.

‘Thanks Brad’, she said, ‘and you Jamie, you both did an excellent job but I can’t say I enjoyed it.’ That made them all laugh briefly. As they were leaving the restaurant Brad contrived to have a quiet word with Anna and said, ‘Anna, what do you say we go out for a drink one night, just the two of us. I would like to start again with you if you would let me.’ He blushed then and said, ‘no that came out all wrong, I didn’t mean I wanted to start that bad experience again, I mean I would like to get to know you a bit better.’ Anna smiled at him and said, ‘I understood what you meant Brad and yes, of course, that would be nice. Thank you.’

A couple of nights later, Anna and Brad met in one of the better bars in town. They hit it off quite well and talked about lots of things but inevitably ‘that night’ came up in conversation. Brad asked, ‘I know the whole thing was a nightmare for you but what was the one thing, the part that you think left you changed in some small way?’ Anna said, ’Wow! Just one thing?’ and laughed. ‘well if I’m absolutely honest none of it was pleasant but’, she hesitated momentarily, ‘I wet myself twice that night, something I would never dream of doing under normal circumstances but the second time I was sat in the chair and partly dozing when it happened and although my resistance was exceptionally low I remember part of my mind thinking, ‘it’s not that important, it’s only your own pee and if your body needs to go then so be it, let it go. So I’m not sure whether it was involuntary or a conscious decision if you see.’

It was Brad’s turn to be surprised and he said, ‘Never thought of it like that but now you say it I suppose it’s only as important as we make it.’

‘Ok,’ Anna said, ‘I’ll let you into a little secret Brad but you must swear never to tell a soul, swear!’ So Brad said seriously, ‘I swear.’ Anna said, ‘after realising that it wasn’t really a big deal I wanted to try it again alone and in a safe place so one evening last week I waited until I was quite desperate, put on a pair of dark jeans and went for a walk across campus. Two blocks from my dorm I was really desperate, so I sat on one of the benches, relaxed and tried to pee. It took a few minutes but all of a sudden I was peeing in my jeans all round my bum and down the top of my thighs into a puddle under the bench. You have no idea how excited and free I felt! So a completely random and unexpected outcome of that little, ‘reality study’, but one I quite like.’

Brad was amazed at this revelation but said, ‘I never thought of freedom being expressed by wetting yourself but as we said earlier it’s no big deal so who am I to criticise?’

‘You should try it’, Anna said, ‘try it with an open mind and you might surprise yourself.’ It was getting late so they decided to set off with Brad taking her back to her dorm and him going home to his flat in town. When they arrived at Anna’s dorm entrance Brad opened the car door for her and said, ‘I remember ‘taking’ you from here the other week.’ He seemed a little guilty about the whole thing so Anna put her arms around his neck and said, ‘It’s over, history, I’ve done my report and that’s it, now kiss me dammit!’

They kissed with a strength that surprised them both then Anna whispered to him, ‘Brad, I’ve wet myself again.’ He looked shocked for a second and then said, ‘exercising your freedom you mean? Glad you felt you could share that with me’, and kissed her again, this time with his hand cupping her wet bottom. Just as Anna was stripping her wet jeans off inside her room she had a text from Brad. It read, ‘Guess what I’ve just done? I’ve started my freedom course.’ Anna smiled to herself and knew they were going to meet again, and again, and again.

© Roger Ireland 2020

*003*2020-06-19 18:14

Hi Lameone24

So glad you enjoyed the story. Thanks for the comments - much appreciated. The first part (up to the guys leaving her there) I wrote a few weeks ago but couldn't see how to end it then last week the idea just gelled and that was the finish.

I have other stories that I will share her but I have posted a few over the last month or so, She, The Appeal and The Saturday Club (in 5 parts).

With any luck and the time more will follow - Watch this space!

Thanks again,

Stay wet'n'happy,

Roger.

