The Continence Mandate

Author: randomkath

*000*2017-02-23 20:54

The Continence Mandate: Court of Urinary Affairs

Prologue: Caught

The uniformed man glanced down on the tablet computer strapped to his arm, then back at piece of plastic he was holding. He frowned. Then he shone the beam of his flashlight onto the pair of skinny legs Alexa was currently trying to knot into a pretzel.

“Ma'am, for the last time, you are in a public place. For the love of god, at least try not to violate all behavioral regulations in front of me at the same time.”

She immediately snapped out of it, unknotted her thighs and almost managed to stand up straight. Almost. She could neither stop her feet from tapping, her knees from bouncing against each other, not her face from showing her utter desperation.

“Please Officer, it's not easy, you must understand that I...”

“Miss Tsirpidis, the only thing I must understand is the law, and the fact that you are violating it. This Bathroom Pass is void.” He waved around the card in front of her face.

“But, that must be a mistake, I mean, I...”, she stuttered.

“Do you know why it is void? Because the Urination Permit it refers to was revoked today. Apparently because you failed to qualify for even a Class III. A mistake indeed. Kids like you make me sick. You're a self-centered brat with utter disrespect for the law, and for common decency!”

Alexa's eyes brimmed with tears.

“Oh, great. You're almost 20 years old. Stop crying and... uncross your legs, I said! You now what, never mind. You are under arrest for a violation of section P of the Public Order Act.”

The Holding Cell

The Court of Urinary Affairs was a long narrow structure, constructed from red brick at some time in the late 19th century. From the outside it looked like any other administrative building.

When the patrol car pulled into the parking lot, the officer had warned Alexa for the third time to keep her knees apart, lest he was forced to put her into a spreader bar.

There was no other traffic at the moment, so he pulled in directly in front of the main entrance, exited the vehicle, and somewhat roughly pulled her from the back seat.

Alexa even managed to walk upright, almost proper. A tall black woman in the gray uniform of a bailiff awaited the unequal couple between the security doors.

“Evening James. What do we have here?”

“Evening Martha. Another fruit for you. Half a dozen of infringements, starting with loss of composure and getting worse from there. Tsirpidis, Alexa. The file should be transferred by now.”

The woman looked down at her terminal.

“Ah yes... there we go. Judge Wegsteiger has the night shift and can see her right away. Okay James, wanna grab a coffee before you get back on the road?”

“Nah, thanks, I've got to get back to work. The chief has it in for me anyway. See you.” He patted Alexa on the butt to bid her farewell.

“Suit yourself. You know where to find the break room when you wanna stop by and... young lady, will you stop fidgeting!”

Alexa almost started to cry again. “Please, ma'am, I must... I mean, I have to...”

“Piss! Just say it. You won't! Oh dear Lord, bratty girls and their unruly bullshit. Try to behave like a woman, for once. Look at this, feel it!” She grabbed Alexa's still cuffed hands and guided them to her waistband, where a round, rock-hard balloon was bulging over her tight pistol belt. Alexa's eyes got wide. Totally absorbed in her own predicament, she had failed to notice the massive bulge the other woman was carrying.

“I have a Class I Permit. I am allowed to void before and after my shift. Guess what, I don't. Because I'm not some sort of antisocial scum like you. I arrive with a night's worth of urine inside me, and while my colleagues go for a quick piss, I change, brew some coffee and get to work. And eight hours later, when all the weaklings pile into the bathroom to finally feel comfortable again, I'm having a nice relaxing shower. After that I take all my liquid back home with me, like a responsible citizen should. Let me guess: You expected lenience from me because I'm a woman? That's not going to happen.”

The console beeped. “Oh, it seems the court will see you know.”

The hall was short and covered entirely in white tiles. It opened into the courtroom, which, despite of all the wood furnishings and the flag on the wall, looked nothing like those on TV. Martha let Alexa into the defendant's stand and fixed her handcuffs to a short length of chain. Then she took a step back, leaving the desperate girl standing there.

There was no “all rise”, no one announced the honorable so-and-so. Judge Wegsteiger was already seated behind the bench, looking up from the file he had been studying, mustering Alexa.

“Please give me your full name and citizen's ID number for the record.”

“A... Alexa Tsirpidis, F-98-12-54-79-B, your honor. Sir, may I...”

“You may not. Stand up straight and stop fidgeting. Prosecutor, please.” The small man to the judge's right read from his tablet.

“The defendant is charged with attempted illegal voiding in violation of the... your honor, is the defendant crossing her legs?”

“Miss Tsirpidis,” the judge growled. “This is a courtroom. And it is the second violation of the behavioral regulations within the single minute you have stood before this court. There will not be a third.”

“I'm sorry your honor. I... I demand an attorney.”

Wegsteiger shook his head. “You watch too much TV. This is a proceeding of urinary matters, not of criminal justice. Formal restrictions don't apply. Your request for legal counsel is denied. Prosecutor, proceed.”

“I will proceed when the defendant refrains from pressing her thighs together.”

The judge hit the bench with the flat of his hand. The sudden noise almost scared the piss out of Alexa.

“This does it! Disciplinary action will be taken against the defendant. This hearing is adjourned. Bailiff, take her to the Holding Cell for the night!”

Alexa sobbed silently as the uniformed woman dragged her away.

The Holding Cell was the penultimate measure in urinary discipline, only flat-out unlimited retention could be considered worse. Martha and another female bailiff had dragged Alexa into the processing room where, under much pee-dancing and fidgeting, she was forced to strip out of her own clothing and squeeze into a prison jumpsuit at least two sizes too small. The cell itself was right through a big, soundproof door to the right. The small room was remarkably cold, the blank metal of the bench even more so.

“The court has send detailed orders regarding the disciplinary action to be taken against you.” Martha proclaimed. “You are getting the full program. Forfeiture, a disciplinary liter, and the bench.”

“Please!,” Alexa protested, “I cannot take a full liter. And not without...”

“Oh yes you can.” interrupted the unknown bailiff. She handed her a full-sized ration bottle. “Drink up!”

Still sobbing, Alexa began to take sips from the bottle, turning them into big swigs after the tall guard started to look annoyed. The bottle was empty within a minute.

“See, that wasn't so difficult. Get on the bench!”

Alexa sniffed and lay down on the bench, her back flat against the cold steel, her legs up at a right angle, resting in the stirrups. The bailiffs were professionals. It took them less than a minute to have Alexa securely strapped in. Her hands to the side of her head, her feet fixed in the stirrups, her knees a foot apart, the moisture sensor snug between her legs, the pressure strap tight across her bladder. The last thing they did was shove the drinking tube into the corner of her mouth and securing it with medical tape.

“There you go, honey. See you at breakfast time. And if you leak a single drop, may god have mercy on your soul. Good night.”

The door slammed shut, and Alexa found herself alone in a cold, dark room, with only the faint glow of the little red LED on the security camera for company.

The entire universe seemed to shrink, contract into a liquid-filled space, her bladder, an homogenous cosmos of urine, with the only discernable feature being a sharp, bright point of pain that was her quivering, overworked sphincter, desperately fighting the pressure, holding back liters and liters of boiling hot piss. Minutes drew into hours, hours into days, as the position of her legs increased the blood flow in her kidneys. It was going to be a long night.

The Court of Urinary Affairs

Alexa must have drifted into an uneasy sleep at some point anyway, because she was awakened suddenly by blinding light. She found herself disoriented for a few seconds, before the dull throbbing in her lower abdomen made it obvious where she was. In a twinge of panic, she tried to focus on the feeling of the skin around her private parts and upper thighs. Was there any hint of wetness? No, she was dry. Miserable and in a dire situation, yes, but dry nonetheless. A certain amount of pride mixed into her fear.

Her eyes had adjusted to the brightness. Into her view came a tight pistol belt, slung around a wide pair of hips, squeezing a bulging bladder within an inch of its live. That bitch Martha, evidently.

“Rise and shine, sweetheart, it's almost 8. We've got a change of plans. The court wants to see you now, before breakfast.”

“You are still on duty? Just how long are your shifts here?”

“I'm covering for a colleague. Nicole got the flu, I've taken her shift.” The uniformed woman ran her hands over the crotch area of Alexa's overall, nodded, then reached to remove the tube and unlock the restraints. “Haven't let out a drop, I see. Which means I've just lost 20 Credits. I could have sworn you wouldn't make it. Now get up!”

Alexa clenched all her muscles in her lower body and slowly got out of the horrible construction, staggering to her legs. She found it do be easier than anticipated. In fact after the forced position of the bench, she almost felt relief. Her bladder didn't seem to feel that much worse than it did the night before. Clearly, it should have, with well over a liter of additional fluid in her system, and her kidneys pumping along for eight more hours. Maybe there was a saturation point, a limit after which you just cannot feel more desperate, despite the situation being objectively worse.

The feeling of relief didn't last long. When the bailiff grabbed the detainee by the upper arm and let her out of the door, every step caused her urethral opening to sting intensely. Every time her heels hit the ground, it felt like punch in the belly. Yet, she managed to somewhat follow along on wobbly legs, like a giraffe on a unicycle. The walked more than she was dragged, which she counted as a win.

On their way to the courtroom, Martha stopped at a counter under a sign that read “Processing and Storage”. A short gray-haired woman peeled her eyes from her monitor and looked inquiringly at the squirming girl in front of her. “Name?”

“Alexa Tsirpidis, Ma'am.”

“Ah yes, you're the one from yesterday evening. I've got your stuff right here. You'll have to sign it over to us for storage. Let's see... form 234... here we go. ”

Personal Property:

- 1 softshell jacket, black

- 1 tank top, white

- 1 pair of jeans, black

- 1 leather belt, black

- 1 pair of sneakers, black

- 1 leather wallet, containing

+ 1 international driver's license, number on file

+ 1 credit card, VISA, number on file

+ 1 debit card, Centerville Credit Union, number on file

+ 1 student ID card, Centerville University, number on file

+ 1 bathroom pass, void, number on file (submitted as evidence in pending trial)

+ Cr 35 in banknotes

+ Cr 0.55 in coins

- 1 smartphone, Samsung, incl. battery, SIM and memory cards, IMEI and SIM number on file

- 1 wristwatch, mechanical

- 1 key ring, holding 2 keys, 1 small flashlight, 1 small Swiss army knife

- 1 cigarette lighter

- 1 ballpoint pen

"Ummm...." she glanced into the empty bag. "They seem to have misplaced your underwear at check-in."

"No, they didn't. I never wear any," Alexa admitted sheepishly.

The older woman raised an eyebrow. "Oh, is that so? Good for you. That will make it easier to adjust to the prison uniform."

“You talk as if I've already been found guilty. What is this, some kind of Kangaroo Court?” As soon as she had uttered them, Alexa regretted these words. The bailiffs grip tightened around her arm.

“Listen there, sweetheart. I'd be very careful with words like these around the honorable Anna Espinoza, who, I can assure you, is a perfectly human woman, not a marsupial. She's the one to decide your fate, so maybe you should try to control your tongue. Unless you enjoy being filled up beyond the bursting point. In that case, keep talking! Just a little tip from my side, I've worked with some of these judges for over a decade.”

“This judge Espinoza...” - “The honorable Espinoza!” - “Fine, the honorable Espinoza, is she known to be, you know, tough?” - “Very tough but mostly fair. Form your own opinion, you'll get to meet her in about half a minute.”

Every step on the walk down the hallway proofed to be somewhat less painful than the one before. Alexa wondered if a bloated bladder could adjust to the pressure, if muscles could get used to being tensed to their absolute maximum, or if her lower section was just getting numb.

It indeed took less than thirty seconds for Alexa to find herself in the same wooden stand, handcuffed to the same length of chain as the night before. Two things had changed, though. The judge behind the bench was a tiny Hispanic woman with a stern look on her face, and Alexa's posture was a lot more controlled, aided by her newly found pride, and the fact that her bladder seemed to have stabilized. She was standing almost upright, her back only arched forward slightly, her thighs kept a few centimeters apart and only lightly trembling.

Judge Espinoza looked her over, then started right into the proceeding, without losing any time on an introduction or formalities. It again showed that the court was a relatively young institution, without the burden of a century old legal tradition.

“The Court of Urinary Affairs is in Session. The Government v. Tsirpidis, second hearing after an aborted attempt. Are you Alexa Tsirpidis, citizien's ID number F-98-12-54-79-B?” - “Yes, I am.”

“Very well. Prosecutor, the charges please.” Alexa couldn't tell if the little man that read the charges what the same she encountered the night before. Probably. How many small, bald prosecutors could one court have?

“The defendant is charged with:

- attempted illegal voiding in violation of the continence mandate of the Female Urination and Licensing Act, in conjunction with,

- attempted circumvention of loss of privileges under the Female Urination and Licensing Act, in conjunction with,

- loss of composure in violation of the Female Urination and Licensing Act, in conjunction with,

- disorderly conduct, including public indecency and obscene behavior under section P of the Public Order Act,

- contempt of court through disruptive and highly inappropriate behavior,

- obstruction of justice through behavior that warranted disciplinary action and thus delayed court proceedings.”

The judge nodded. “I see. Evidence to support the governments claims has been submitted and will be shown later. How does the defendant plead?”

“Not guilty, on account of extraordinary circumstances, ma'am.”

“Is that so? We will see about that. Prosecutor?”

“The facts of the case are the following: Yesterday, on the 3rd of April, at 21:52, Centerville Police Department dispatch was alerted via phone to an overt display of public indecency aboard Bus 4 of Line 17 between University East and Central Station. Multiple passengers reported a female of continent age, described as 'tall, slender, dark-haired, Caucasian or Hispanic, around 20 years old', openly showing signs of urinary distress and using inappropriate means to control her need. When officers boarded the vehicle at General Hospital bus stop, the suspect had already left. The following video file was taken by the bus security camera and has been retrieved from the NorthEast Public Transport Board under the Public Order Act. It has been submitted as evidence piece number one.”

The large screen on the wall lit up, showing the crystal clear image of a modern 3D surveillance camera. Sitting on a bus seat, it showed what was clearly Alexa, identifiable by at least a dozen features, from shoes over body shape all the way to the black stud in her left earlobe. Screen Alexa was obviously in dire need of a bathroom. She bounced her legs, crossed her thighs, almost curled together into a ball. Then she straightened out again, her hands flew to her crotch, and her fingers very clearly dug into the area between her legs, searching for her urethral opening. People on the bus watched her predicament in awe, in disgust, and some of them, especially the men, with obvious sexual interest. The scene didn't last long. After just a minute or so, the nasty girl carefully got out of her seat, and one hand still firmly placed between her legs, left the bus at the next stop.

Present Alexa envied past Alexa. The remembered how good it had felt. What she would give to be allowed to use her hands now. Dig a whole fist into the crease between her legs, let her fingers find her vibrating pee hole, press them on there with all her might. Relax her sphincter for the first time in aeons, let her thumb take the job of holding back the pulsating flood swelling in her lower abdomen. Seal it all in with her fingertips. Just for a minute or two. If only she could...

“The two officers sent out to investigate the report, split up. Statements from witnesses were conflicting, due to the shock passengers on the bus had suffered from having to watch such a disgusting display. But it was clear that the suspect could only have exited at one of two stations, Howard Shopping Center, or the Catholic Cemetery. At 22:20, Officer James Strong finally apprehended a young woman who matched the description, on the shopping center parking lot. He first temporarily detained, then arrested her, after she completely failed to keep her composure in from of him.

The facts that she squatted in the bushes, in the shadow of a parked truck, and that her belt buckle was open at the time, strongly suggest an illegal voiding attempt that was interrupted before relief could be achieved. The card readers of the nearby public female and male lavatories clearly show that an attempt was made to unlock the doors at 22:15 and 22:17, respectively, using the defendant's bathroom pass. The card reader log files as well as Officer Strong's statement have been admitted as evidence, pieces two, three and four. The defendant's expired bathroom pass has been admitted as piece 5. After her arrest, the defendant was brought in front of this very court, where she...”

Judge Espinoza interrupted the prosecutor's stream of words. “That's enough. We don't need to hear what happened in this room yesterday evening. We all know. Disciplinary measures have been taken to adjust the defendant's attitude towards the court. That's all fine. Something else is bothering me. Does the defendant deny that the person on the video is indeed her?”

“No, I don't deny that.”

“Do you deny that you attempted to access the lavatory facilities outside of your schedule?”

“No, I did that, too.”

“And did you try to relieve yourself in the parking lot after that?

“Yes.”

“Than you will have to explain to me what these 'extraordinary circumstances' are, that you claim. Is there anything mitigating at all?”

“Yes. At the time of the incident, I had not urinated for over sixteen hours. And my bathroom pass was invalid due to a clerical error.” 'It's over 24 hours now, and still not a drop!' - a voice in her head screamed. And admittedly, her pussy became a tiny bit moist at the thought. Her bladder pulsated with every heartbeat now.

“A clerical error? You will have to be more specific than that. The Continence Board generally doesn't make any licensing mistakes.”

“It wasn't the Continence Board, ma'am. It was the university. You see, it's final exams week. I left home at about 8:00. Yesterday had two two-hour exams. Inorganic chemistry at 10, and RF technology at 16:00. The time in between was too short to go home, so I just hung around after the first exam, until it was time for the second. I'm an engineering major and really need all the points I can get, so I took extra credit with both.”

“How much extra credit would that be?”

“A full liter for each, your honor. Unnecessary to say, when the RF technology exam came to a close, I was already quite full. When I handed in the exam, the professor accused me of cheating!”

Espinoza narrowed her eyes. “Did you cheat?”

“I didn't. I was accused of using an intraaural implant to receive hints on the test I was taking. That is a massive miss-interpretation! I was born almost deaf on my right ear, and I've had an inner-ear neurostimulator since I was two years old. It's on the official implant register and everything. Yes, it does have a communication interface, but that particular function was switched off during the test. The professor would have none of it. He told me all, sensory implants and cybernetic devices have to be registered with the university beforehand, specifically to avoid cheating.

Since it was such a severe infraction of the study and examination regulations, he could only give me two options: Fail the test and retake the class next year, or have the test accepted and instead have the case examined by the university disciplinary committee, on the risk of facing more severe punishment for academic misconduct. I cannot afford tuition for two more semesters, so naturally I picked the second option. He opened a case against me with the committee right there, from his laptop. Of course, that also means that my Urination Permit was suspended immediately, to build up pressure and ensure I cooperate with the committee's investigation.”

“So far that is standard procedure. The university is a semi-autonomous body and has the right to revoke a student's pee privilege to uphold discipline. What makes your case special?”

“I'm getting there in just a moment. I immediately contested the professors claim, using the Student Campus app on my phone. But it somehow didn't register. I walked all the way from the natural science building over to administration. There I realized my mistake. Of course, the disciplinary committee is admin staff. They only work until six, a minute or two after my professor submitted the case. I was somewhat annoyed at this point, and somewhat bursting. I was still curious. Since I never had a suspended permit, I swiped my bathroom pass at the library bathroom, to see what would happen. Well, nothing really happened, it read “VOID – NO ENTRY. I didn't really think about the fact that it should have said SUSPENDED instead.”

“Oh, I think I see where this is going. Please continue.”

“I took the bus home, still in complete control. At my apartment I took a shower, threw on my PJs, and then I tried to empty my bladder. My toilet wouldn't take my card. The reader said PASS VOID – PERMIT EXPIRED. The realization took a moment to sink in. Apparently something somewhere went horribly wrong. Probably just a data entry error with dire consequences. My permit wasn't just suspended, it was revoked. I wasn't just locked out from university toilets, I was locked out from all toilets. I started to panic at this point, and had to slap myself in the face a few times to get my brain going again. I tried to get university admin on the phone. The committee, the dean, student services, IT, anyone. Of course, no luck. Then I called the Continence Board. I figured that as an actual government agency, they could overrule the university at any time. And besides, the uni does not have the right to revoke permits anyway, only suspend them. I only reached answering machines and mailboxes.

So I put on some clothes, and me and my rapidly expanding bladder hopped on the bus again, to city hall, to speak to someone who can make a decision directly. An important authority like that has to have a 24/7 emergency service, right? Well, it doesn't. The Continence Board closes at six, and apparently doesn't open again until Monday morning. I knew it was impossible to hold it in all weekend. So in a last, desperate attempt to get access to a toilet, I went back to campus. I knew that particular professor likes to work in the lab late at night, when there a no students around to bother him.

So I found him at his workbench, explained the situation to him, and asked, no, begged him to withdraw the case, and re-submit it on Monday. My hope was that maybe, whatever computer program mistakenly revoked my permit, would automatically reinstate it when the case was closed. I even made him touch my rock-hard bladder to demonstrate just how bad it was. He didn't show any mercy. Told me that was goes around comes around, all cheaters get what's coming to them, it was just punishment that I had to suffer, yadda-yadda. I swear, the dirty old fart got an erection when he realized what a piss-filled hot mess I was!”

“Miss Tsirpidis. You are on trial here. This is not the place to slander a reputable member of society!”

“My apologies. I withdraw the last comment. I don't know what stimulates old men sexually, and I don't want to know. Anyway, I was on the end of my tether. I decided to go home and pee anyhow, in a kitchen container if necessary. I know this would have been a violation, but at this point I figured I had no other choice. I got on the bus back to my place, and almost lost it. The results you saw on the video. I realized that I was not going to make it all the way home, so I got off the bus, being very careful not to start leaking. I tried the public bathrooms in the mall parking lot, but of course they wouldn't open, either. So I hobbled into the shadows, and prepared to finally release the ocean inside of me. That's when the police found me. You know the rest.”

Espinoza slowly shock her head from side to side. “Quite a story. I'm going to take you for your word here. I believe you, especially since most of the events will be easy to check.” She studied her well-manicured fingernails for a few seconds. “I still cannot see any mitigating circumstances.”

Alexa couldn't believe her ears. “What? But it was clearly an error! I should not have been stripped of my pee breaks!”

“Yes, a clerical error indeed. I will have the Continence Board look into that. Maybe it's just an IT issue. Whatever the case may be, you still attempted to void without permission. You violated just about any provision of the Female Urination Act. In addition to that, there's your inappropriate behavior in public.”

“I have the right to...”

“No”, Espinoza interrupted. “Urination isn't a right, it's a privilege.”

“Fine. I have been afforded the privilege of a Class II Urination Permit. Sixteen hours is longer than I can be reasonably expected to...”

“Sixteen hours should hardly be a challenge for a healthy young lady. Your lack of self-control is a disgrace. Maybe you should have focused on reaching an acceptable level of continence, instead of partying. If you cannot last for such a short period of time, your physical fitness is not up to par.”

“Well, I run. I go to both a Pilates and a yoga class. I do a lot of Kegels. My muscles down there are not weak, but there's only so much pressure they can bear.”

“You say that like the fact that you cannot hold it in is a reason to let it out. You are using nature as an excuse for your own personal weakness.”

“Everyone has to pee sooner or later! No one can hold it forever!”

The Judge sighed. “Irrelevant. You are completely missing the point of the continence mandate as the foundation of our stable society. Reaching the physical limit is no excuse. A natural need does not constitute a right. The law is quite clear on that. Just because you have to urinate, doesn't mean you are allowed to.”

Alexa pressed her lips together. Not only one pair of lips.

“Good. Do you have anything else to say, or can we end this now? Nothing?”

“In the name of Continence:

The defendant is found guilty of attempted illegal voiding in violation of the continence mandate of the Female Urination and Licensing Act, in conjunction with loss of composure in violation of the Female Urination and Licensing Act, in conjunction with disorderly conduct, including public indecency and obscene behavior, under section P of the Public Order Act.

The defendant is found not guilty of attempted circumvention of loss of privileges under the Female Urination and Licensing Act, as the loss of privileges has to be considered null and void.

Charges of contempt of court and obstruction of justice are waived, as disciplinary action against the defendant has already been taken.”

Espinoza cleared her throat. Alexa bent almost double, but the chain on her handcuffs stopped her fingers from reaching her crotch. So close, yet so far away.

“The defendant's will be re-classified. Due to the severity of her crime, she will not -as usual for first-time offenders- be put into Urination Permit Class IV. Rather, she will be re-classified into Class V until further notice. To reflect the especially heinous nature of her act, her mandatory fluid intake shall be permanently increased in volume by ten percent.

Aside from these purely administrative decisions, the defendant is sentenced to six months of re-conditioning in the Watershed Federal Correction & Rehabilitation Facility, which shall begin with four days of retention. This sentence will be suspended. If the defendant can show that she is able to fulfill the conditions of a Class V Permit already, she will be released on probation. For that purpose, she must show that she is able to resist urination for a time period of 48 hours from the time of her last voiding at 8:00 on the 3rd of April, while maintaining the prescribed fluid intake and proper composure. If she can not demonstrate that ability, the sentence shall be carried out immediately. This concludes these proceedings. Bailiff!”

Alexa groaned. Another full day! That was impossible! Or was it? After all, while she was absolutely miserable and felt like she couldn't last another second, that wasn't subjectively any worse than the night before. Maybe she could just play along and embrace it for another hour. And another. And yet one hour more. One step at a time. Until she was finally allowed to follow nature's call. Like a marathon runner approaches every single one of the 42 kilometers between start and finish. Her legs certainly felt like she had run a marathon or two...

The bailiff detached her cuffs from the chain and grabbed her upper arm again. Once more, she was dragged down the hallway. 'I only know her as Martha.' Alexa realized. 'Would she tell me if I asked for her full name?'

“You got of easy there, Missy!” Martha announced, while they walked (Alexa's walk was more of a stumble) past the holding cell and into the actual detention tract. “Espinoza is usually not so lenient. The terms of your probation are particularly lax. 48 hours, really? You might just make it. And please don't tell me it's impossible, I'm going on 50 already.” She rubbed her massive bulge with her free hand. This number didn't surprise Alexa at all.

On Probation

Alexa didn't find herself let to a detention cell. The room opened up into a small mess hall. A handful of women in prison clothing were sitting around the only two tables. A male guard watched over them, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed. One could not fail to notice that all of the women were visible uncomfortable. It didn't take a genius to figure out why.

She was directed towards one of the tables and sat down on the cold metal bench. In horror she noticed the art installation on the wall. A small artificial waterfall, burbling and splattering. What a sadistic feature! Purely intentional, no doubt!

The table's only other occupant was a pale, red-headed woman in her thirties, seated directly opposite Alexa. She raised her eyes from her meal. “Hi, I'm Karen.” - “Alexa. I would say 'nice to meet you', but to be honest...”

“Hey! You two on table one, finish your breakfast and have your little chat when you're back in the cell! No talking in the mess hall!”

Alexa looked down on the arrangement prepared for her on a plastic tray. Two medium sized ration bottles of water, plus a little more in a cup. 'Increased in volume by ten percent', she thought grumpily. Then there war a standard carton of generic NuSo. She picked it up to read the label. 'Nutritional Solution, medium-caloric, slightly diuretic, multi-fruit, with banana and strawberry note'. She turned around. “Do I really have to...” - “Yes, all of it. Quit stalling and get done with your breakfast.”

She poked the straw into her carton. Surprisingly enough, the cheap NuSo didn't taste half bad. It brought back memories of cafeteria food in public schools. The government label suggested it was the same stuff they fed to people on welfare and food stamps. The fruit flavors seemed decent enough. Of course, Alexa didn't know what real bananas or strawberries tasted like. When she was eight or nine, he had nibbled on a slice of bread her brother had left over after dinner. Like every little girl, she had been told a million times not to do that, but curiosity had gotten the better of her. That's just like kids are.

As it was to be expected, she had gotten horribly sick within an hour, had to have her stomach pumped at the hospital. Great Aunt Ismene had told her that back in the day, she had quite enjoyed solid food. Alexa knew enough history to be aware that just two generations ago, women had eaten the same things men did. Biologically, that made sense, but she could just not imagine what it must have been like. Having to chew food, giving it that gross mushy texture you saw every time a male talked with his mouth full? Producing solid waste, just to have another bodily function to take care of (and a pretty disgusting one at that)? How weird. Not to speak of the obesity epidemic that was an almost entirely male problem. No, women were a lot better off than men these days, she was sure about that.

“Young lady, it's good to see you enjoying your food, but get started on your drink now. Some of us have a job to do and places to be!” Alexa had hoped to be able to put off drinking more water for just a few minutes, but the guard was insistent. Like she needed any more fluid in her. Deciding that she might as well just get done with it, she threw back her head as if she was taking a shot and emptied the cup in one big gulp. Then she opened the bottles and started chugging.

Only a minute later two other guards appeared, beginning to lead the women into their cells. Alexa was paired up with Karen. When she got up from the bench, Alexa had to clench her muscles with everything she had. Just how much longer could she keep this up? This time, no one grabbed and dragged her, and she managed to follow along stiffly. She felt the cold liquid sloshing around in her stomach and wondered where else in her body it would find a place to go.

The cell tract was located just off the mess hall and pretty small. Four rather roomy double cells, each with a door made from iron bars. It looked a bit like in that one movie with the one guy from... whatchamacallhim... that movie with the thingything... prison. The one she saw at the Cinedrom with her sister last year. Her brain didn't seem to work properly anymore.

After the cell door slammed shut behind them, Karen very carefully sat down on the right hand cot and proceeded to shove her whole hand between her legs. Alexa followed her example, and after her index finger had found her pee hole, she allowed her muscles to loosen up a tiny bit. The relief was almost too much to bear, orgasmic in nature, just like what she had felt on the bus the night before. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensation. She was controlling the Pacific, just millimeters behind the tiny opening, with something other than just her sphincter for a change. The excitement she felt now was definitely sexual, the wetness entirely unrelated to losing any pee. She considered masturbating carefully to take the edge off the hold. A technique well-tested over the years. But before she could start, another woman's voice made her presence known and brought her back to reality. “So, Alexa, right?”

“Uh... I... I'm sorry. Yes, hi, that's my name, Karen.” Alexa opened her eyes and mustered the woman on the other bed. 'Pretty'. She thought. 'Isn't Karen an Irish name? The red hair would fit. An Irish lass with a bladder the size of a basketball. She's about to tear the jumpsuit apart. That bulge is incredible.' Alexa didn't dare to look down to compare it to her own distended organ.

Karen hadn't missed Alexa checking her out. She smiled. “And, how do I look?” - “About eight months pregnant, I'd say.” Both chuckled a bit, as proper laughing was out of the question.

“What are you in for?” - “I leaked on the job the other day. Just couldn't keep it in. Just a few drops, but with a repeat offender like me, who knows what they are going to do. The can't put me in any lower of a permit class, that's for sure. Just waiting for the court to tell me how fucked I am exactly. I guess we'll find out. What about you, kid?”

“Loss of composure and I... uh, I tried to piss in a parking lot. Judge didn't like it.” - “What, you actively tried to piss? That's bad. They are sending you off for re-conditioning, am I right? Please tell me it's not at Watershed.”

Alexa shrugged. “That's precisely where it is. You sound like you've got personal experience.”

“The Watershed Federal Correction & Rehabilitation Facility for Women, with attached Juvenile Retention Center. A marvelous institution. Been there two times. I do not want to go in for a third.”

“How is it?”

Karen puckered her lips. “I grew up an atheist and didn't use to believe in purgatory, or eternal punishment. Then I was introduced to hell on earth.” She shuddered.

“That bad, huh?”

“They are rather... efficient at getting their point across. Court started you out with retention as well?”

“Four days.”

“Figures. Make sure they don't 'forget' to count your transfer time towards the total. They always plug you up for transport. So unless you wanna be sealed shut for a day longer than necessary, insist they start the clock when they load you into the bus. Wish someone told me that before I went in for the first time.”

“I don't plan on going there in the first place.”

“Oh, they put you on probation? How long do you have left?”

“A little under a day. 48 hours in total.”

Karen's eyes glazed over as her freckled face took a dreamy look. “48 hours. Sometimes I fantasize about being allowed to pee that often. Every two days would be heaven! I can only imagine how relaxed you must feel. Really, I'm more than just a little envious.”

Alexa had so many questions, but at this moment the cell door swung open and the male guard from the mess hall poked his head in. “Mrs. Townsend, the court will see you now.”

Karen got on her feet and approached the hallway on stiff legs. “Here we go. Wish me luck.” - “I'll cross my fingers. If I can manage to take them away from my crotch. Bye.”

Two female guards passed her cell. She could her the older of the two chattering away. “Oh my god, did you notice Cindy took a pee before starting her shift, like a little girl? That woman is a disgrace, I tell you. What has become of the service? Back when I started...” The voice slowly faded away.

Alexa passed the time with careful self-stimulation. When she supported her index finger by pressing the ring finger on top, she could keep her urethral opening shut with just her right hand. It was tricky, but doable. That freed up the left to stimulate her clitoris through the rough fabric. She didn't dare open her jumpsuit to reach in, fully aware that being caught with the zipper down would lead to dire consequences. The metal housing of the moisture sensor kept pressing into her pubic mound, but it was bearable. In a way, having the material cover her most sensitive parts was a good thing. It kept her masturbation from becoming too intense.

She knew that if the went too far and launched herself into an orgasm, she would probably start to squirt out urine uncontrollably. Funnily enough, edging was the appropriate tool to take the edge off her desperation. The masturbated at least daily, but this time it was different than the hundreds solo sessions she had have before. Usually her fantasies circled around burly firefighters with big hoses, rescuing her kitten. Or around burying her tongue between the legs of that cute little blonde in advanced calculus. She knew that girl had a boyfriend, but surely, everyone could use a little variety in their sex life.

This time, it wasn't hoses with huge nozzles or blonde angels at all. It was Martha uttering the words 'you won't pee', it was her toilet, displaying 'access denied', a smiling judge Espinoza presenting her a giant jug of orange juice with the words 'your fitness is not up to par'. Her left hand sped up, pushing her dangerously close to the edge, then slowed down again, the tension seemed to build and build, but she knew she couldn't release it. Her thumb picked up the pace, a very peculiar balance, just a little bit faster, just a tiny bit more...

“Ma'am, it's time for lunch.” Alexa shrieked in terror and sat bolt upright. A split second later she bent forward, now both hands desperately pushing and squeezing, as her urethra tried to turn into a pressure jet with the shock. She needed a moment to win back control. What little was left of it, anyway. Then she turned beet red. Her ears started to burn. The male guard was standing in the doorway looking at her with a bright smile. She hadn't heard the lock. Oh God, how much had he seen?

“Officer, I... I mean, I hope we can keep that, you know...” - “Oh, don't you worry. We don't all take the rules for gospel here. I don't mind.” The big bulge in his pants clearly demonstrated that he didn't. “Now, young lady. Lunch.” Had she really been rubbing herself for 5 hours straight?

Alexa walked out of the cell with her head held up high. It was the most difficult thing she had ever done, but she had decided that the would not let them bring her down. He had seen her masturbating. Masturbating, but not peeing. That was the important part. She still had her dignity and she was going to keep it. True, her face bore a very focused expression. Her thighs were stiff and her knees wobbly. Her pose was slightly hunched forward. But only slightly. Head up high, that was all that mattered.

In the hallway they passed a pair of armed men in green uniforms, different from both those of the court bailiffs, and the detention area guards. “Who are those guys?” - “Wardens from Watershed. They accompany every prisoner transport with their own personnel. Probably off to the break room now, to drink all our coffee.” He pointed to the window. “If you look into the courtyard, you can see Piss Express.”

Alexa didn't need an explanation of the term. It was a prison bus with barred windows. Very much like an old-fashioned school bus, in a very ugly yellow color, bearing the insignia of the Urinary Justice System. Now, she had absolutely no intention of seeing the inside of this vehicle. This whole unfortunate episode had started on a bus, she would not let it end on one. Just keep holding.

Lunch consisted of lamb kebab NuSo. A flavor Alexa would have enjoyed, if she hadn't been pre-occupied with her bladder. Speaking of occupied, wouldn't it be nice to visit another place with an occupied sign? 'No, just put peeing out of your mind, silly girl!'

The water ration worried her. She had expected two bottles, not three, but it was made perfectly clear that the water wasn't optional.

She polished of her tray under the watchful eyes of the guards and presented the empty containers. She was growing impatient, wanting nothing more than to be let back into the relative privacy of her cell to put her hands to use. All the other women were being taken away in pairs of two, and then it was her turn and... “Hey, you remain seated! Plant that tight little butt of yours back on the bench. Attagirl.” She had not seen this uniformed man before. Receding hairline, big mustache. Not the same guy who surprised her in the cell. A shift change, probably.

“The terms of your probation are pretty clear. You are expected to keep proper composure. We usually let a lot slide here. But you are the bratty little thing who had to be disciplined even before the proceedings. We cannot trust you. You remain right there where you are until dinner, so we can keep an eye on you. In the meantime, I will figure out how we are going to keep you under surveillance during the night. We might have to put you in the holding cell for that.” Alexa gulped. “I... I have no ill intentions.”

“Really. Then what are you doing with your hands under the table? Put both hands on the tabletop, and keep your knees at least twenty centimeters apart! That's more like it.”

Five hours tend to pass very slowly when you have nothing to do. They pass even slower when you've got nothing to keep your mind off a bursting bladder. Waiting for dinner was was living hell. The dripping sound from the waterfall was driving Alexa crazy. Despite the cold metal she was sitting on, she had started to sweat profusely, and the jumpsuit was sticking to her skin. The throbbing, the burning, the pain, all of it was back, and worse than ever before. Her entire lower body seemed to consist of nothing but hard muscles and gallons of pee. Her kidneys had started to hurt.

Just a light stinging sensation, not nearly as bad as what was going on below. A fire must have been burning in her stomach, because her piss was boiling. An entire ocean of nothing but effervescent liquid, trying to force it's way past her tired sphincter. Her urethra still wanted to become a fire hose. Pulsing, swelling, everything was tight, and tense, and clutched, and hot and pressurized, and still dry, but for how long? She was rocking back and forth and back and forth and back and forth and then came dinner and it was more NuSo, and more water, and her hands started acting on their own, and she felt like a robot, and she drank it all in a trance and...

'Mind over matter' is a wonderful concept. It enables perfectly normal human beings to do things that are commonly thought physically impossible. Incredible feats like running a marathon in under three hours, or climbing Mount Everest without oxygen. But there are some things even a cast iron will can not achieve.

The first perception that made it through the clouds into Alexa's feverish mind was that both her hands were wedged in her crotch again. The second thing was a sharp hissing noise. Then, pulsing, another hiss. And a loud buzzing sound, an alarm that went off. “No.” She muttered. “No”. The feeling of moisture between her legs. Just a small leak. Another squirt, spraying through her fingers. And another one. And another one. The wet feeling spread down her thighs and manifested itself at her butt.

Another, more forceful spurt. All the clenching, all the pressing in the world, all her hours of Kegel exercises, nothing helped. Another jet, no, not a jet, a trickle. Then a stream. A flood. A dyke burst. The great deluge. Biblical proportions. Louder. “No! No!” More, and more. Her boiling piss pushed its way out of her in an inch-thick stream. A fountain sprang from her lap. The urine soaked her jumpsuit, pooled on the bench, dripped onto the floor, formed a growing puddle. “Why? I tried, I tried, I swear! No, please dear god, no!” Now she was screaming on top of her lungs. Tears rolled down her cheeks.

She felt herself being grabbed around the waist and roughly pulled from the bench. Her bottom hit the floor hard, her tailbone hurt, her arms were bend behind her back, her wrists cuffed together. All while it just kept going on and on, coming out in waves, spraying, pissing, dripping, crying, no end in sight.

Epilogue

After the urethral plug went in place, the warden jerked up the back zipper of Alexa's jumpsuit. The bright orange material was pulled tight against the tender flesh of her genitals. Next came the wide belt, fastened firmly around her narrow waist, snapping shut with a loud, satisfying clack. The locking buckle clicked four times.

“Long-range transport protocol complete. Prisoner F/98/0012 ready for transfer.”
