Omomonogatari

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2017-05-15 08:52

So, it's been quite a while since I've written anything, but I've recently rewatched the entirety of the Monogatari series to prepare for Owarimonogatari's Second Season which is coming in July. Owarimonogatari's first season's first half focused on Ougi and Sodachi for the most part, and while Ougi gets, and is going to get, more character development, Sodachi's been written off on a bus. I wanted to do more than write a simple omorashi story, so I wanted to think of what happened to her after she transferred schools. Even though this is a fanfiction, since Sodachi is being written about through the eyes of someone who doesn't know her, you don't need to have seen Owarimonogatari to know her. As an aside, I highly recommend the Monogatari series to any of you anime-watchers out there. It's, to this day, my favorite anime series. (Yes, even over To Aru, but that might change if we could GET TO ARU SEASON THREE ALREADY COME ON J.C. STAFF).

Ahem.

Without further ado, here's the first installment of an Omorashi-centered spin off fanfiction to the Monogatari Series.

###

Sodachi Locked

Oikura Sodachi was a very eccentric person.

Well, I’m saying that as a person who doesn’t know much about her, so maybe it’s a bit erroneous to speak like I know her as a person. But to the outside observer-- in other words, to someone like me-- to say Oikura Sodachi was an eccentric person was actually a bit of an understatement.

She had transferred to our school a week ago.

There was less than six months until graduation, but even with that being the case, she had transferred schools like it was the beginning of the school year or something.

I don’t know all her history. Apparently Sodachi attended Naoetsu Private High School previously. Well, I say attended, but if you looked at her attendance record, it was actually pretty poor. Some sort of incident happened in her first year, and she found herself unable to go to that school. She had, instead of attending classes, opted for homeschooling.

That was, until a month ago, when she returned to Naoetsu for a few days.

It was only a few days, and then, for a reason only she knows, she transferred schools here.

I can’t say it was something I was particularly thrilled about.

My name is Takashiro Haru, and I’m the class representative of my current class.

It’s not like I particularly wanted to be or anything. It was something that had been entrusted to me by the previous class representative, who stepped down a month into the school year. I can’t say I was thrilled about taking the position, either, but I learned the circumstances behind that ex-class rep’s reason for stepping down. It seemed a little hard to believe at the time, but she had been cursed with something not entirely mundane.

In other words, supernatural.

In other words, an “oddity”.

Well, I wasn’t in any sort of position to help her with that.

To make a long story short, that ex-class rep stepped down to deal with her “curse” and I stepped up to fill her spot.

In other words, I’m merely a stand-in. But it’s precisely that I know I don’t belong in the position of class representative that I work extra hard to stop people from saying bad things about me.

Simply for the sake of that ex-class representative, who I can’t help but I don’t want to let down, I’ve become something of a respectable class representative in her stead, although I’m only the fill-in. In fact, I’ve even heard people say I’m a better class rep than her, though I don’t take that kind of thing lightly.

In other words, I’m a fake who’s become even more real than the authentic article.

Well, that’s not really important.

Oikura Sodachi.

Her presence bothers me.

I say that mostly from a class representative’s standpoint. It’s kind of inconsiderate to transfer to a new school out of the blue, especially this deep into the year. Sodachi’s presence has already had a negative impact on the class, which I’m sure has had a negative impact on her in return.

Basically it comes down to the fact that, after a certain point, people become used to the people in their class. Transferring in carelessly, especially for third years, who have gotten used to not only those in their class, but also those attending their school in the first place-- at least, to some extent-- is like uprooting everything they know about their school.

Well, maybe that’s an exaggeration.

Still, the fact that Oikura Sodachi is an unfamiliar person has definitely negatively impacted how the class feels. Ultimately, I’m the one who has to clear that up, and if I wanted to go above and beyond, I’d even be expected to reach out to Sodachi and try to welcome her.

It’s not like I can’t do that.

I just really rather not.

That may seem rude of me, but in truth, it was a feeling that stemmed not as the class representative, but as a person.

The first conversation I ever had with Sodachi had been, in short, a total disaster.

Without going into too many details, I said something relatively careless.

Well, rather than saying something careless, I had made an offhanded joke about mathematics.

I meant it in a light-hearted sense, and I had no way of knowing the kind of respect she held for mathematics (actually, as someone who’s not very good at mathematics in the first place, I think I would’ve wound up joking about it regardless), but I’m pretty sure she took it as the gravest of insults.

I’m pretty sure that, rather than feeling welcomed by the class representative, thanks to that one mishap where I insulted the most sacred of school subjects, she absolutely despises me.

Well, saying “absolutely” before “despises” gives it the impression that she hates me like I killed her parents.

That really isn’t the case.

It’s more like every time we interact, she makes it a point to be as intentionally cruel as possible.

With her twintailed hairstyle, I’d almost say she’s a tsundere, but that would imply that there’s any warmth in her heart for me at all.

I’m not that deluded.

Even if she had some thread of forgiveness for me, even if she could find in her the slightest soft spot for the class representative that mocked the glorious subject of mathematics, I’m sure that’s all gone now.

After all, the situation we’ve gotten ourselves into is something I’m sure she’s already blamed on me.

In short, we were trapped in a classroom.

“The doors won’t budge, the windows won’t budge, and I doubt anyone would hear us if we called out,” I noted aloud after trying in vain to open the sliding door to Classroom 4-B. It was on the second-to-top floor of the school building, and the sun was already starting to set, meaning there probably wasn’t anyone around. Anyone with classroom duty would’ve gone home by now, and all of the club rooms were on the first floor of the school building (not that any of the clubs would run this late anyway).

“I honestly don’t even know why you needed to be here! Even if it’s a new school, classroom duty is classroom duty. I’m not incompetent to the extent I can’t figure out how to stack desks and clean floors,” Sodachi complained.

I let out a heavy sigh, “Even if you say that, it’s my responsibility as Class Rep to make you feel welcome. Besides, there’s stuff you wouldn’t have known if I wasn’t here. Like where the cleaning supplies are or how the desks are arranged.”

“Even a moron can figure out that cleaning supplies are stored in the back locker,” Sodachi pointed out, “And the arrangement of the desks is about as normal as you could get. I would’ve done fine without you.”

“Well, even so, it’s something I was expected to do as the Class Rep, so I’d appreciate it if you wouldn’t act like it’s such a burden to you.”

“So, you admit that you’re only here out of an obligation? You only helped me to look good in front of your peers?”

“Well, I personally don’t think there’s anything wrong with doing something out of obligation. Is there any difference in value between help given because of obligation and help given out of kindness? Actually, wouldn’t it be worse if, instead of me doing this out of an obligation to make you feel more comfortable in this school, that I did it because I seriously pitied you?”

“There’s absolutely nothing to pity me about.”

“Someone who transfers schools this late into their third year, after an extended absence, definitely has something worth feeling sorry for them over. Whether it’s something that personally bothers you anymore or not, there’s no way you’re life up until now has been ‘normal’.”

“Well, even if you’re right about that, I still don’t understand why it had to be you, of all people, that I got trapped in this classroom with.”

“Shouldn’t you be wondering why you had to get trapped in the classroom in the first place?”

“To be fair, being trapped in a locked room doesn’t bother me.”

“Hey now! Don’t say such a dark thing so casually with no emotion, especially if you don’t want to be pitied.”

“At least there’s windows in this room.”

“You’re doing it on purpose now, aren’t you!?”

“Unfortunately, there’s you in this room too, Takashiro-san.”

“Are you saying you’d rather be trapped in a dark room than trapped in this room with me?”

“I’m saying windows are positive one, and you’re negative one, so you two cancel out and we get zero.”

“But isn’t the situation still negative because we’re trapped?”

“Well, zero isn’t a very positive-sounding number either, though that’s less due to the mathematical nature of zero and more due to the cultural and psychological implications of nothingness.”

“But someone like you, who loves mathematics so much, wouldn’t settle for that kind of answer. Right, Sodachi-san?”

“Don’t talk to me about mathematics so casually, you plebeian.”

“What era is this? Are you Archimedes?”

“Did you say Archimedes because you want to see me running through the streets naked?”

“That’s a stretch, especially for someone like me.”

“You were going to add something lewd like, ‘it’s not like you have anything to show off anyway, Sodachi-chan,’ weren’t you?”

“Since when did I become so casual towards my peers as Class Rep? No, more specifically, when did I become that kind of perverted character in the first place!?” I yelled. Realizing I had gotten caught up in Sodachi’s cruel banter yet again, I let out a sigh and shook my head, “Either way, aren’t we just distracting ourselves from the main problem? We’re trapped in this classroom.”

“You were the one who said it was hopeless,” Sodachi pointed out, “The door’s locked, the windows are locked, and no one would hear us if we called for help.”

“Well, we could try to contact someone with our phones.”

“This isn’t a situation where calling the police is a good idea. They’ll laugh at us and scold us for misusing their services.”

“I meant contacting another student!” I shouted.

Sodachi looked at me expectantly, and I realized that, being a recent transfer student, she probably hadn’t made any connections with anyone at this school, meaning that it was up to me to contact someone.

There was only one person I could think of who might, if we were lucky, be at the school this late.

I dialed the name of the ex-class rep, who might have very well been resting in the clinic.

“Hey, Haru-kun,” a soft, weak voice answered, “What’s up?”

“Hey, Yuuki-chan, I wanted to know if you were still anywhere near the school,” I replied, crossing my fingers for some good fortune.

“Eh, sorry, I’m not. I’ve been--” Yuuki’s reply was cut off by the sound of a hoarse cough, “I’m resting at home right now. Why? Did something happen?”

“A-ah, no, nothing happened,” I lied, earning a glare from Sodachi, “I uh… I was just in the area, so I wanted to see if you wanted to go to the bookstore together if you were. I’ll just go by myself, then.”

“Ah,” Yuuki replied, “Well, thanks for the invite anyway.”

“I’ll let you rest,” I replied, and I hung up the phone.

“Do you want us to be stuck here forever?” Sodachi accused, glaring at me.

“Even if we were stuck here for the rest of the night, we’d be let out tomorrow when our teacher arrives,” I reminded the twintailed girl, “Besides, the last thing Yuuki-chan needs to do is to rush down here and overexert herself.”

“Mashino Yuuki?” Sodachi asked, tilting her head like a confused puppy, “You mean that brown-haired girl I’ve seen you with quite often? She definitely seems quite sickly. I had a classmate who acted a lot like her back at my old school. Well, until recently.”

For some reason, Sodachi rubbed her cheek with her hand, as though she were recalling a memory where someone had hit her.

“Yeah, I guess sickly is a way to describe it,” I replied coyly, “Though I should say she’s not going to die or anything. Though, due to certain circumstances, I don’t think she’ll get better.”

Mashino Yuuki, the ex-class rep, was cursed.

It was a proper curse, so the only way to get rid of it was to redirect it to another person.

However, Mashino Yuuki was not the kind of person who would let another person suffer in her stead.

In other words, she had rejected seeking out help for the curse, and wound up shouldering that burden alone.

I don’t think I’ve quite gotten over that feeling of powerlessness I felt when I couldn’t convince her to do anything about it.

“Hmmm,” Sodachi frowned, “Well, I suppose you aren’t completely senseless. After hearing that, I can’t exactly blame you for not telling her our predicament.”

“You might not see me as this kind of person,” I began, taking a seat in one of the chairs, “but I do care about people. Even if it’s just to keep up appearances, someone like me wouldn’t be able to keep up this class rep business if I didn’t at least care about the well being of my peers.”

“I suppose that’s true.”

“Yeah.”

“You still managed to get us locked in this classroom!”

“I had nothing to do with us getting locked in! I don’t even know how we got locked in!”

“That’s something the person who inadvertently got us locked in a classroom together would say.”

“When you say something like that, there’s no way for me to refute your claims!”

“That’s the point, culprit.”

“You really despise me, don’t you?”

I narrowed my eyes and tossed Sodachi a dirty look, but what I saw was actually a bit surprising. Rather than glaring back up at me, the silver-haired girl was looking down, fidgeting with her skirt as she stood turned away from me.

Don’t suddenly change the tone of us getting locked in a room together by being bashful! That’s the on the opposite of verbal abuse and hatred!

But I soon realized that I was misreading things.

Or rather, it was the way Sodachi was rubbing her calf with her foot as she fidgeted that put the idea in my head that it was something entirely different in the first place.

Oikura Sodachi had been on classroom duty. So, when the last bell of the day rang and the other students packed up to go home, Sodachi had stayed behind in the classroom. That had been about three hours ago. Furthermore, the last class of the day was a mathematics class, so there was no way Sodachi would leave in the middle of that class period for any reason.

In other words, it had been at least 3 hours and 50 minutes since Sodachi was even free to use the bathroom, and that was assuming she took a break right before math. It’s not like I had been paying that much attention to what she was doing during break times, but I didn’t recall seeing her leave the classroom since lunch.

In other words, the possibility that Sodachi had to go to the bathroom existed.

I looked at the silver-haired girl, who was quietly fidgeting in place. She definitely seemed uncomfortable, but how much of that was from our current situation of being locked in a classroom together, and how much of that was her hypothetical need to pee, I wasn’t sure. Even after watching her out of the corner of my eye for a good minute, I couldn’t determine whether or not she had to go or if I was just misreading her restlessness.

Well, I suppose, as the class representative, ensuring the comfort of this new transfer student at our school is part of my duty. If I can’t figure out if she has to use the bathroom just by watching her, it’s my duty to find out so I may take action to alleviate her distress and make the classroom environment seem like a welcoming, hospitable one.

What I asked wasn’t out of any sort of personal curiosity. It was merely an attempt to fulfill my sacred duty, that was bestowed upon me by Yuuki, as class rep.

Yeah. That’s absolutely it.

“Sodachi-san,” I began, a little nervous despite my honorable intentions, “You seem a little restless. Is something wrong?”

“Yeah, we’re locked in a classroom together,” Sodachi shot back dryly.

“I mean besides that!” I clarified, though I don’t really think that was something that needed clarifying, “You could at least take a seat.”

Sodachi grabbed a chair as well and sat down in it swiftly. For the first few seconds, she seemed to stop fidgeting, and I thought my theory of her having to go to the bathroom was defunct. However, a few moments later, she began rubbing her knees together.

“We might wind up having to push desks together to sleep tonight,” I noted, “I don’t think there’s any other way out of here besides waiting it out.”

“That’s…” Sodachi frowned, squirming in her seat, “I don’t like the idea of spending a night in the same room with someone like you.”

“Neither do I, to be perfectly honest,” I replied, “Rumors will get out and Yuuki-chan will hate me forever. However, it’s not like we have much of a choice. We’re stuck. If we could get out, we would’ve already.”

Faced with those fair points, Sodachi was forced to swallow her own words.

“Still, this is kind of bad. I mean, we’re gonna run into problems eventually. For one, there’s no food in this classroom. There’s some water bottles in the back for emergency purposes, but that’s not gonna fill us up,” I paused, waiting to drop the final bomb, “Besides, there’s no toilets in here either.”

“That last part doesn’t need to be said!” Sodachi frowned, glaring at me.

“Oh?” I tilted my head, playing ignorant to the situation, “Sodachi-san, I didn’t think you were the kind of girl who got sensitive about those kinds of things.”

“It’s not about the subject matter, it’s that you said something unnecessary,” Sodachi scolded.

“Well, to be fair, I was stating the obvious the whole time anyway. Everything was kind of unnecessary.”

“So you’re admitting that everything you said was unnecessary?”

“Kind of, but” I paused, looking over at Sodachi, who seemed rather uncomfortable despite the fact that she was trying to insult me, “my point is, why’d you single out the subject of not having toilets in particular?”

“There’s no reason.”

If you’re not sensitive to the subject matter, then there’s probably a different reason, right?”

“I don’t see why this is even-”

“Could it be that, you, Oikura Sodachi, the proud girl who worships mathematics to the point of once trying to get everyone at her old school to call her Euler, are stuck in a situation where you have to use the bathroom but are unable to, because you’re trapped in a classroom with your class’s representative?”

At that, Sodachi’s eyes widened and she stopped squirming.

Or, more accurately, she tried to stop squirming. She managed to hold herself still for a few moments, but then she once again began rubbing her legs together and she gave me a truly pitiful look.

“I want to die.”

It was my turn to be surprised.

Rather, that was a very extreme reaction for even the silver-haired girl.

She tilted her head upwards, and her face was contorted into a soft, eerie smile. Her eyes betrayed no emotion, as though she didn’t care about anything anymore.

“I want to die. This is so humiliating. You, who has the nerve to sit here talking to me like we’re friends, who has the guts to talk about me like you know even the slightest thing about me, have to be trapped in this classroom together with me while I’m stuck here trying to hold it in. I’m stuck here, having to go to the bathroom while my enemy watches. I want to die.”

“Hey,” I leaned back, holding my hands up defensively like I had done anything wrong, “It’s not that bad! I mean, it’s natural for this kind of situation! That is… if you get stuck somewhere, you’re inevitably going to have to go, right? I mean, if we’re really gonna be stuck in here all night, I’m gonna have to go to, eventually! So it’s not like we’re not in the same boat! Rather, we should be focusing on finding something to use as a makeshift toilet for the night.”

“Absolutely not!” Sodachi shot down that idea, “There’s no way I’m peeing in the same room as you!”

“It’s not like you have a choice. If we’re truly stuck in here all night, there’s no way you’re gonna hold it in the whole time.”

“You underestimate my abilities!”

“It’s not a matter of your abilities, it’s a question of the limitations of the human body!”

I let out a heavy sigh. There was literally no reasoning with Sodachi at this point.

“Well, I’m going to look around the room for a container that I can use as a toilet for when I need to go. Don’t expect me to be as ridiculously stubborn as you when that time comes.”

So I said.

Not five minutes later, I pulled an old bucket out of the locker with the cleaning supplies. It was a spare, rather than the one we used to clean the floors, so no one would get too mad at us for using it as a toilet in this kind of situation.

I placed it in the corner and pointed to it for Sodachi, “I’d rather clean up a bucket tomorrow morning than the floor, and I doubt you’d want to sit in wet clothes for the rest of the night.”

“I’m not peeing in that.”

Sodachi rubbed her knees together and gazed at the bucket almost longingly, and for a second I figured she was gonna give in. But she took another look at me and turned her whole body away, scoffing.

I took a seat across the room from her, pulling out my phone and playing with it idly. I wasn’t planning on calling anyone else. In truth, I only had a handful of other people in my contacts list, and none of them were close enough that I’d consider calling them and asking them to run back to the school to bail us out. Besides, it was late enough that the school gates were probably closed by now. I wasn’t friends with anyone who would be willing to break into our school grounds just to unlock a door for me.

Well, Yuuki would, but…

Across the room, Sodachi was fiddling with her twintails as she bobbed up and down desperately.

“Don’t look at me with those pitiful eyes!” she snapped, glaring at me from across the room, “Stop staring at me in general, you pervert!”

“Even if you say that, I’m worried about you,” I replied, “Holding it in is supposed to be bad for your health.”

“That’s what they say, but of all the times I’ve been forced to hold it, I’ve never gotten sick,” Sodachi replied.

“You make it sound like you holding it is a bit of a habit for you.”

“Are you implying I do it intentionally? What kind of person do you think I am?”

“Even if you ask that, you did say you hold it in a lot.”

“I said I’ve been forced to, did I not?” Sodachi replied, glaring at me angrily, “I don’t want to discuss such unsavory things with the enemy, but my childhood was not a pleasant one. There were times when I would be locked in my bedroom for hours on end. If I tried to ask to come out to use the bathroom, I’d be yelled at. If I wet myself or made a mess on the floor, I’d be hit. Of course, that was back in middle school. After my parents split up, I was basically in charge of myself, so those days ended.”

I stopped.

This whole time, I was trying to mitigate the severity of being locked in a classroom.

Rather, I was trying to make it seem like being locked in a room for hours wasn’t that big of a deal.

To someone with the kind of childhood Sodachi had, the very situation probably brought about bad memories.

“Sorry.”

“Don’t pity me. You can’t change the past by showing me sympathy.”

“No, I mean, I’m sorry.”

Sodachi didn’t seem to understand what I meant, so I got to my feet and walked over to her.

“Sorry, Sodachi-san.”

I wrapped my arms around her in a hug and she let out a squeak of surprise. With my arms wrapped around her, I could feel her squirming, and her body was covered with a thin layer of sweat. The classroom wasn’t hot or anything, so I figured that was from the effort of her holding it in. From up close, I could hear her uneven breaths, and every now and then she’d moan quietly or inhale sharply.

I let go rather quickly, not wanting to make either of us any more uncomfortable than we already were, and stood back up. From our positions, Sodachi had to look up at me to meet my gaze, and likewise I was looking down at her.

Perhaps it was her pose, with her shoulders pointed inwards and her arms resting on her bouncing knees, or perhaps it was her slightly troubled, strained expression, but aside from the cold, strong-willed person that butted heads with me ever since she transferred into our class, Sodachi looked very vulnerable.

“What was that-”

“This whole time I’ve been thinking about how much of a nuisance you’ve been. You transferred so late into our third year… next term we’ll be taking college entrance exams, you know? Then on top of that, I was obligated as the class representative to try helping you adjust to school life here. I’ve been acting like you’re just some troublemaker with a bad attitude, but I never considered for a minute there might’ve been a reason for any of it. You’ve been abrasive, but I haven’t exactly been cordial either, right? Come to think of it, you probably didn’t want to get swept up from your old school either. It was probably happenstance, yet I treated it like it was your fault and resented you. So, please forgive me.”

After I said that, an uncomfortable silence filled the room.

Sodachi didn’t reply.

Instead, she kept staring up at me with a dull expression on her face.

Then…

“Ha…”

“....!?”

“Hahahahahaha! You idiot, if you make me laugh, I’ll wet myself.”

“What!?”

Sodachi’s eyes narrowed, “You resented me because I transferred here in the middle of our second term? I don’t care about that. You found my personality abrasive and you were cold towards me? That’s only natural. Out of all the things you apologized for, I don’t care about any of them.”

With a strong conviction, Sodachi said those words.

And then…

“The reason I hate you is simply because you insulted mathematics. You had the nerve to come before me and insult such a beautiful, logical subject. The reason I hate you runs no deeper than that. If you’re going to apologize for anything, apologize for that first!”

Sodachi removed her hands from her knees and crossed them over her chest to punctuate her point. She even managed to keep poised enough despite her situation to make it seem a little intimidating. It didn’t last long, however, and she started shaking a little bit afterwards.

Regardless.

“I’m sorry,” I bowed my head, “I’m sorry about that one comment I made. To be honest, I’m not really good at math, so I didn’t have any problems making fun of it. Still, that was a careless thing for me to say.”

“Do you want to improve?”

“Huh?” I looked up from bowing, and Sodachi was looking down at me.

“Do you want to improve your mathematics skills?”

“Huh? Well, I guess. I mean, it would be helpful for passing my college entrance exams.”

“No! It can’t be for any reason like that. Do you, Takashiro Haru, want to improve your skills in mathematics, for the sole purpose of garnering a better understanding of the subject. Do you want to understand mathematics so you can appreciate it, and cherish it?”

All that seemed like it was a little bit much for someone like me, but I felt like saying no in this situation would be like choosing the wrong option in a visual novel and breaking the social link.

“Y-yes.”

“Then, your apology is accepted,” Sodachi replied, “I will take it upon myself to be your personal math tutor until you learn enough about mathematics that you have no choice but to love it.”

And like that, the tension in the room died.

“Now, since we’re stuck here anyway and have nothing better to do,” Sodachi began, “Grab your bag and pull up a desk, we’re starting now!”

“You say that, but in this kind of situation, all I really want to do is take a nap and wait for someone to show up!”

“There’s no way I’m letting you relax when I’m in this kind of situation,” Sodachi replied angrily. She then turned away, blushing as she rubbed her legs together in desperation, “B-besides, I really want to get my mind off my bladder.”

So, we began a math lesson.

Well, I say it was a math lesson, but we were really just looking over our math homework together.

Still, that seemed a good of a place to start as any, or so said Sodachi.

In truth, it was hard for me to concentrate on the math.

After all, even if she was good at hiding it, Sodachi definitely had to go to the bathroom.

It was subtle motions here and there, and it was hard to see from across from her with two desks pushed up against each other. I imagine her legs were rubbing against each other and bouncing, but her upper body seemed relatively still. If I didn’t have the preexisting knowledge that Sodachi had to use the bathroom, I wouldn’t have even considered it from where I sat.

That was, until halfway through our homework problems.

“Now, should we use sine or cosine for this problem?” Sodachi quizzed me.

“Uh, it’s negative sine, right?”

“Wrong! Look here, if we’re supposed to take the derivative of sine, then-”

In the middle of her explanation, Sodachi gasped and jammed her hand beneath the desk. She twisted her body a little and I could hear her shoes tapping against the floor as she let out a quiet moan. She regained her composure a few moments later, but her hand remained below the desk.

“S-sorry, I… Let’s just continue,” Sodachi replied.

The lesson continued, but interruptions had become a lot more frequent. Sodachi would pause in the middle of sentences every so often, and her breathing sounded ragged. Sweat was dripping down her face, and she couldn’t keep still to save her life.

Still, somehow she made it to the end of our homework.

I looked over my completed answer sheet, and I couldn’t help but smile a little. Sodachi, rather than giving me all the answers and letting me walk away without learning anything, played her role as a math tutor well. The last couple of questions I was able to work through on my own with no problems, and I honestly felt like I understood the subject matter a little more.

Now, however, there was nothing to distract Sodachi from her problem, and it had definitely gotten worse since we started.

The silver-haired girl was whimpering almost non-stop now, dancing around in her seat with both hands jammed between her legs. She was resting her head on the desk currently, squeezing her eyes shut and taking sharp inhales of breath as though she were a martial artist ready to smash through a bunch of tiles with her hand.

I checked my cell phone. The time was 8 pm. The earliest anyone got to school was 5 am, so we wouldn’t be getting out before then.

Needless to say, there was absolutely no way Sodachi would make it until then.

Sodachi’s eyes shot open and she let out a desperate moan. She wriggled around in her seat before standing up and crossing her legs tightly as she doubled over and glanced around the room.

Her eyes fell upon the bucket I had taken out earlier and her face turned bright red.

Still, her eyes glistened with longing as she gazed at it, and I could tell she wanted to give into the temptation.

Well, it was her own stubbornness that was preventing her from using it in the first place, so I guess it would make sense that, now that she’s reaching her limit, she’d give in and just use the bucket.

Still, part of me felt almost disappointed at the prospect of Sodachi reaching that conclusion.

Or rather, regardless of how bad this sounds, I was starting to enjoy watching Sodachi struggle against her body’s needs.

“I…”

Sodachi straightened up, and, with as much composure as someone as desperate as her could muster up, she rubbed her legs together and said, “I… I’ll use it. That makeshift toilet. So you better not look!”

“Sure thing,” I replied, trying not to let my disappointment show as I turned around, “I’ll plug my ears too, if it’ll make you feel better.”

“G-good!” Sodachi noted.

I heard the silver-haired girl rush over to the other side of the room, where I had left the spare cleaning bucket. Rather than plugging my ears with my fingers, however, I grabbed a pair of headphones out of my pocket and plugged one end into a small music player I carried around with me.

I make a motion as though to turn it on, but the truth was I left it off so I could still hear relatively well.

I felt a little guilty, but after that display of desperation Sodachi put on for me, there was no way I was going to miss the resolution completely.

I heard the rustle of fabric as Sodachi presumably slid down her panties, and I waited to hear the sound of liquid splashing against the inside of a metal bucket. Instead, I heard the mechanical sound of a lock opening and the sound of a door sliding open.

Instinctually, I turned around without thinking.

I turned around at an incredible time, because Sodachi was still pulling up her panties.

It seemed she had balled her skirt up in front of her and had been holding it to keep it out of the way while she relieved herself, because the fabric was still mostly bunched up in front of her. By some mere coincidence, however, her back side was facing towards me right now, so she had just finished pulling her panties up and her skirt was almost entirely folded up in the back, giving me a clear view of her striped undergarments.

I almost wanted to laugh at how stereotypical it was for a girl to wear striped panties and sport a twintailed hairstyle. It was like Sodachi was self-aware of how tsundere she was.

Well, she was really just cold and abrasive. I had yet to find the dere. But now that I had seen her striped panties, I was sure she possessed the capability to go dere, even if it was a legendary transformation she hadn’t awakened to yet.

I also couldn’t help but notice a sizable wet patch in the crotch region of her panties.

By some miracle, Sodachi hadn’t noticed that I had seen all that, so I quickly averted my gaze and turned my attention towards the door as well.

The door slid open, and a familiar face appeared on the other side of it.

Sodachi was still in the middle of recovering from nearly getting caught peeing into a bucket in a classroom, so it was left to me to express my surprise at seeing this person at the door.

“Y-Yuuki-chan!?”

Yuuki was out of breath and her face was red like she had just run a marathon, but in reality her house was a half-hour walk away from the school, and it had been nearly an hour since we had called her. Even considering the energy she would’ve needed to climb the gate, she shouldn’t be this out of breath from a casual stroll.

That is, if she wasn’t cursed.

As it stood, Yuuki looked ready to pass out, and I rushed to her with a concerned gaze.

“Y-Yuuki-chan, are you alright? Why did you come here? I didn’t tell you we were stuck.”

“I figured something was wrong, so I called your house. Your cousin told me you hadn’t come home yet. I came as soon as I could.”

“But, you shouldn’t push yourself like that!”

“I know I should rest as much as possible, but I thought you might’ve gotten caught up with another oddity.”

“If that happened, you, as my only other friend who knows about them, would be the first to know!”

“I thought you wouldn’t want to trouble me with your situation! I mean, you couldn’t even tell me you were trapped in a classroom!”

“If it were an oddity, I could ask for advice on how to solve the problem. That’s something you can do without leaving the house.”

“Look, I know you’re concerned about me, but this curse is my burden to bear. That’s what I decided. So please, be more honest with me.”

I let out a heavy sigh and nodded, “Sure, sure. Next time I’ll--”

“M-move…”

Suddenly, a voice behind me gasped out those words.

“M-move… please…” Sodachi spoke. I turned around to find Sodachi, doubled over and looking on the brink of wetting herself, grabbing her crotch tightly and dancing in place. She was looking at us expectantly, and I realized me and Yuuki had been blocking the door.

We moved out of the way and Sodachi practically darted out of the classroom. I found myself stepping out into the hall and watching her sprint down towards the far end of the corridor where the bathrooms were.

Suddenly, however, the twintailed girl tripped and fell to the ground with a hard thud. Yuuki gasped, and we both rushed over to Sodachi.

“Are you okay?” Yuuki asked, once again freshly out of breath even after just a few meters of running.

Sodachi shakily shifted herself into a kneeling position, then brought one knee up to try to stand up. As she did, she gasped and immediately put the knee back down, jamming her hands between her legs.

“Can’t... “

“What’s wrong?” Yuuki asked.

“I… I can’t….” Sodachi trailed off, tears in her eyes as she practically trembled in her place on the floor, “I can’t move… it’s… it’s going to come out.”

Yuuki instantly realized what was going on and gasped, “Come on, we’ll help you up. Hang in there a little longer, the bathroom’s right over there!”

I got under one of Sodachi’s shoulders, and Yuuki got under her other, and we tried to ease Sodachi up as evenly as possible. Unfortunately, Yuuki couldn’t quite lift Sodachi up on her side, and she nearly dropped her. In panic, Sodachi wrapped her arms around me fully and stood up the rest of the way.

Unfortunately, by wrapping her arms around me, Sodachi had removed them from between her legs.

If she let go of me, she’d fall on her unsteady footing, but if she didn’t grab herself, she was going to burst.

“I can’t… I can’t hold it anymore….”

Sodachi stiffened up completely, unable to move. There was nothing I could do but stand there as Sodachi squeezed her eyes shut and whimpered. Suddenly, her eyes shot open and she gasped.

“No!”

A loud hissing sound resonated throughout the hallway as Sodachi exploded. Pee fell to the floor in patters like a heavy rain as rivulets ran down her long legs. As she peed, she continued to cling to me, extending her butt out and away from me to avoid peeing on me as well. She was trembling, and tears pricked at the corners of her eyes as she relieved herself right there in the school hallway.

Even after a good minute, Sodachi still seemed to be peeing at full force. She was panting like she had been holding it in for a while, and it wasn’t until I thought the silver-haired girl would break some kind of world record that the stream finally trickled off and stopped.

Even after the stream had stopped, pee still dripped down Sodachi’s legs like drops of rain off of wet leaves after a rainstorm.

Sodachi looked up at me with a tear-filled expression, and I was about to try to comfort her, when.

“I’ll kill you.”

Sodachi pushed herself off of me and glared at me with cold, intense eyes. It would’ve actually genuinely frightening if her skirt wasn’t dripping with her own urine.

“You idiot! You dumb pervert! I can’t believe I wet myself in front of you! This is your fault! I despise you!”

“H-hey, I didn’t-”

“I despise you! I can’t believe you saw such a shameful thing from me! I’ll gouge your eyes out!”

That wouldn’t get rid of the memory of what I saw, even if you did that.

No, rather…

“T-that’s a little extreme! I mean, we were locked in that room, so no one’s going to blame you-”

“Mashino-san wound up coming anyway! You should’ve just asked her for help from the start. If she had arrived five minutes earlier…!”

“Hey, you agreed with my reasoning when I told you why I didn’t tell her!”

“Oikura-san, it’s really alright. After all, you haven’t gone since you got to school right?”

Yuuki had said that.

Yuuki said that directly to Sodachi.

“Y-you…!”

“I used to be the class rep before Haru-san there,” Yuuki pointed out, “Of course I’m going to pay attention to the habits of the new transfer student. Force of habit, you know?”

Sodachi lowered her head, “It’s true. I’ve gotten into the habit of putting it off. Well, it’s more like, I know my limits and I stay within them.”

That must’ve been a habit stemming from her childhood.

She must’ve gotten used to holding it, so she’s the kind of person who can put off a trip to the bathroom even if she needs to go.

So… here’s the epilogue. Or should I say the punchline.

In the end, Sodachi continued to treat me with that abrasiveness from before, but she no longer made it a point to fill every one of her comments towards me with malice. We all helped clean up after Sodachi’s accident, so in the end, we really went above and beyond in terms of classroom duty.

Well, I say that.

But in the end, we forgot to push the desks that me and Sodachi had studied at, so the next day when we got to school, Sodachi and I wound up getting scolded for goofing around. Some unsavory rumors cropped up as well, regarding why the desks were out of place and what we did rather than organizing them. As the class rep, I tried to reprimand students for spreading rumors about the new transfer student, but since the rumors also involved me, that tactic more or less failed. Still, most of them were so ridiculous and over-the-top that they’d no doubt die down rather quickly.

A week after the incident, I found myself letting out a sigh as I stared out the window of the classroom. As the last class of the day was brought to a close by the sound of the bell, I grabbed my bag and stepped out into the hallway.

“Where do you think you’re going?”

A familiar voice called out from behind me, and I turned around to see Sodachi, standing in the door to the classroom with her hands on her hips, her bag held loosely in her left hand.

“You didn’t forget our agreement already, did you?” Sodachi scoffed, “Well, it’s like a baboon who can’t appreciate mathematics like you to forget, so I’ll remind you, you’re coming with me for math tutoring, remember!?”

“Yeah, I know,” I replied dryly.

We walked down the hall together as we made our way to the stairwell, but when Sodachi passed by the bathrooms, her eyes lingered on the door tellingly.

She still seemed a little embarrassed about last week, so I decided to do her a favor.

Maybe she’d go easy on me during tutoring if she realized I was trying to be nice.

Well, that was pretty unlikely.

“Actually, I had something to talk to Yuuki-chan about. I’m not trying to run away, I promise! I’ll just be five minutes, so I’ll meet you down by the shoe lockers, okay?”

Sodachi crossed her arms, “Fine! But if you’re not there, I’ll despise you, got it!”

I bit back a snarky, “don’t you already” and turned back towards the classroom. As I made my way back, I peeked at Sodachi out of the corner of my eye, and sure enough, she stepped into the girls’ bathroom.

- Sodachi Locked End -
