Princess Lily's Desperate Morning

Author: redlaw

*000*2020-12-23 22:26

This was supposed to be a flashback chapter to fill in some detail about the world as part of my other story about the knight Charlotte, which can be found here

, but I decided to make her wake up desperate in the morning and wrote out a big story just for that one part of the day, which I then couldn't decide how to end so I decided to write a few branches, and before long, I ended up with 30 pages of different ways she could have an accident or barely make it. Thus, I decided I'd make the flashback into a separate topic and link to it from the original. It should serve fine as a stand-alone story anyway, there's no stuff from the originals you need to know except some basic stuff about the setting that doesn't really change much.

The different arcs have been organised using quotes, as well as having a heading that indicates their place in the story. The indentation I used in open office didn't copy over right though and I've already proofread the entire thing too many times so it might be wrong. Regarding canon with my other story, [Dress Route > Remove Panties], [Trousers Route > Ask For Help] and [Skirt Route > Use Men's Room] definitely happened in some form (though not necessarily exactly as told) and the other stories also may have happened (again not necessarily exactly as told), or not, either case will be consistent with the canon.

###

Princess Lily's Eventful Morning

The red rays of the morning sun shone through the curtains, dulled to a muted glow by the thin fabric. A light breeze rippled across them, sending a cascade of shadows moving through the expansive bedroom. An ornate desk sat beneath the window, its emptiness contrasting the scratched surface that indicated heavy use. Against the south wall rested a large chest of drawers, accompanied by a free-standing mirror in the south-east corner. The main feature of the room, a large four-poster bed, was placed against the north wall, taking up a significant fraction of the room's floor space.

The figure of a young woman lay haphazardly among the sheets of the bed, her nudity revealed by her restless motions in the night. Her strawberry blonde hair lay messily around her, sparkling slightly in the light of the dawn. The slightly pointed ears and total lack of body hair served as subtle indicators of distant elven ancestry – a common feature among Floradene nobles and commoners alike. Laying loosely in the foetal position, she shifted slowly, a hand meandering toward her crotch, stopping just short as her motions slowed. She maintained this position for a few minutes, before suddenly straightening her leg and jerking the hand the rest of the way. Her awareness slowly gathered, and she pressed lightly against her vulva as discomfort worked its way into her consciousness. The sensation of pressure in her lower abdomen built rapidly, and she pulled her legs into her body as she squirmed in discomfort.

She rolled over onto her back, moaning quietly as her bladder contracted in response to the jostling. Protruding visibly from her slim body, its subtle roundness was testament to her kidneys' nightly diligence. This was not a comfortable position, and the subtle force of taut skin compressing her swollen organ soon coaxed her into turning the rest of the way, returning to the foetal position, both hands now pressed against her crotch. In spite of her mounting discomfort, she was not yet willing to wake, and she clung to the last vestiges of sleep, squirming as she tried to find a comfortable position to relax into. Slowly but surely, her fidgeting slowed, and she began to doze off, even as her bladder continued its onslaught against her sphincter...

Princess Lily jolted awake as a wave of pressure assaulted her. A powerful jet of urine sprayed wildly from between her labia, her foetal position providing it ample space to arc roughly across her sheets. The concentrated liquid immediately stained her white bedclothes, drawing a conical path in the moments it took to move her hands back into position and regain control. A smattering of weaker spurts wet her fingers as she clenched with all her might. The wetness became droplets, which scattered as she struggled out of bed, forming visible yellow circles wherever they landed. Dropping from the mattress, she spurted into her cupped palms as the landing jolted her, quickly launching into a fevered dance.

The nearest toilet was only a short distance down the hall, an easy dash even for someone on the verge of an accident. However, the young princess was currently completely naked, and the halls would be host to any number of guards and servants going about their business. The scandal that would arise in her prudish society if she were spotted walking the halls in a state of undress would be ruinous, to the point that it could permanently harm her family's reputation and cost them the throne. And so, she danced over to her chest of drawers, a trail of yellow droplets marking her path. Removing a handkerchief, she carefully wiped away the lingering wetness from the smooth surface of her strained labia and mopped up the rivulets that had begun running down her legs, before shoving her hand back into the drawer and grabbing a matching pair of panties and bra.

Logically speaking, it would clearly be better for her not to bother with underwear for that short, urgent journey, but the dignity of the highborn is so often illogical, and forgoing underwear was simply not something a Princess could consider doing. Balancing with her left hand against the drawers, she dropped carefully into a squat, while pressing her damp handkerchief into her crotch with her right and trying to keep her thighs together. She finished the motion by falling back into a sitting position, the sudden jolt sending a splash of urine soaking into the handkerchief. She sat for a moment, stock still, focusing all her energies into closing her floodgates once more. As the flow left off, she launched her legs into fervent motion, angling her body as she resisted a series of waves.

With her free hand, she hooked her panties around each foot in turn and slowly began working them up toward her knees by tugging each side alternately a short distance. Upon reaching her knees, the Princess mustered her strength and rolled forward into a squat, jamming her now-free other hand into the handkerchief against her crotch as the roiling ball of urine inside her complained at the motion. Successfully resisting the pressure peak, she was then able to muster enough control to open her legs and quickly pull each side of her panties past her thighs before pressing them back together to assist her distressed sphincter.

Gingerly, she relaxed her right hand, leaving the handkerchief where it was, roughly folded against her crotch, held loosely by the panties that were almost in position. As she grabbed the sides of her panties, ready to tug them into their final place, she was assailed by a violent spasm. Her right leg lifted involuntarily as she pulled her panties hard up toward her hips, causing their seat and her handkerchief to dig forcefully into her labia. She bobbed around on one leg, holding her panties taut as the wave continued, her face contorted into a wide-eyed grimace as she strained, desperately trying not to wet her underwear so soon after she put it on.

At the peak of the wave, her overfull bladder pumped a forceful spurt of liquid into her sodden handkerchief, fully saturating it. Noting that her underwear was still visibly dry in spite of the sudden loss of control, an idea slowly formed in Lily's overwhelmed mind. Sliding the soaked piece of fabric out from under her panties, she grabbed another handkerchief from the drawer and placed it in the same position, hoping to protect her panties from further minor faux pas. Pulling her panties once again toward her hips, she used the opportunity of the wedgie digging into her to turn her attention to her bra. Deftly slipping it onto her shoulders, she bent uncomfortably, stepping from foot to foot as she reached up her back to clumsily tie the trailing strings together.

She returned her free hand to her crotch just in time for a series of waves to batter against her sphincter. Her urethra was stinging from the effort of holding her wee, and the waves that assailed her were getting stronger and more frequent. She was running out of time, but she still had a lot to do before she could make her way toward relief. With no time to waste, she started moving toward her walk-in closet as the waves continued to beat against her opening, grinding her hand into her groin as she lumbered slowly across the room.

Suddenly, she was assailed by a particularly strong wave mid-step, and the shock from her foot landing caused a momentary loss of control. A powerful jet of urine sprayed into her handkerchief, so forceful that more spilled out the sides than was absorbed. The split torrent continued for three seconds, cascading down her thighs and leaving a yellow puddle to soak into the carpet beneath her. The Princess used her second ruined handkerchief to wipe down her legs, dropping it into the puddle once she was dry and continuing her journey. Her panties remained visibly dry, but they wouldn't last long without replacement protection.

She staggered against the door as she reached her immediate destination, fighting urgently with the fiddly latching mechanism as the pressure built once more. The latch gave, and she fell into the cupboard, angling straight toward a pile of handkerchiefs she kept on a shelf. As she reached out, the pressure began to peak, and in one swift motion, she grabbed a clean square of fabric and shoved it into her underwear just as a thin stream of wee began to flow from her sphincter. She pressed her new handkerchief hard against her urethra, allowing it to stem the flow that she was yet unable to stop. The stream, thin though it was, quickly began to saturate her new handkerchief, and she reached out to the pile with her free hand as she continued to urinate.

Grabbing another handkerchief, she brought it up to her crotch where her current handkerchief was still absorbing her accident. As the weak stream continued unabated, she shimmied her panties down a short way to keep them clear of the wetness while she worked to stem the flow. Drops began to form at the edges of her current handkerchief, so she deftly slid the new one into position as she pulled the wet one away, dropping it on the floor. The stream slowly began to wane as she prepared another handkerchief, and by the time she needed to replace it again, her leaking had slowed to barely a trickle. Unfortunately, the minor accident had not served to reduce the pressure – rather, her bladder's contractions increased in frequency as it tried to continue the relief it had now tasted. Still weeing slightly, she pulled her panties back up to hold her slowly filling handkerchief in place as she looked around for something to wear.

Fortunately for the leaking princess, tight corsets and complicated laces were not a common part of highborn Floradene attire, so she was free to pick options that were compatible with her hurry and her swollen bladder. Again, logic would dictate that the girl just pick the first thing she sees to throw on haphazardly so she can make her way to the bathroom quickly, but as before, the dignity of the highborn demands that one always be seen to be dressed properly in a complete and matching ensemble, with no allowance made for exigency. She grimaced as she thought, still unable to stop her trickling accident, reaching for one of her white blouses that went with just about everything she owned. As she shrugged it on, a wave of pressure forced one hand down to press hard against her crotch, preventing the trickle from turning back into a stream, but leaving her to awkwardly button the blouse up one-handed while she tried to focus her whirling thoughts into settling on a particular attire.

Finishing with her blouse, she reached for yet another handkerchief to replace the one slowly saturating against her crotch, and deftly switched them out once more, leaving the old one on the floor with the others that had begun to stain the carpet where they sat. Leaving both hands in place against her handkerchief, she began marching on the spot as she finished deciding on a suitable attire, her trickling accident slowing to a stop as she considered. There were three main options available to her:

- she could wear a dress, which would be fairly easy to put on and get off enough to relieve herself, but she wouldn't be able to keep wearing the handkerchiefs in the hallway for fear of one being seen falling out and someone thinking that she was habitually incontinent (a worse outcome even than having a visible accident). She would need to put all her trust in her failing sphincter if she wanted to keep her panties dry, but any accidents would be fairly well hidden underneath the long skirt.

- she could wear a short skirt with tights, which would be awkward to put on, but fairly easy to get off enough to relieve herself, and would show accidents a bit more visibly than the dress, but it would allow her to continue using her handkerchiefs without risking them falling out. However, Floradene fashion expected skirts to be worn with a suit jacket, and Lily hadn't worn one in years and wasn't sure where she put hers last, so she'd need to spend time trying to find it.

- she could wear trousers, which would be difficult to put on and remove and would press against her bladder, but would allow her to continue using her handkerchiefs to soak up excess urine. Any accidents would be easily visible when they soak into the tight fabric.
