The High School of Desperate Teachers (Hot FEMALE teachers wait in LINE)

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-11-07 19:18

CHAPTER 1

Ms. Chandler was a good-looking art teacher for her age. Lots of the male teachers and students thought that for 35 she was pretty attractive. Her hips were kind of big, but some meat on the legs was hotter on a woman than skin and bones. That day she had on tan, tight pants and brown shoes. She wore a white top and orange dress jacket, and her brown hair tied into a bun. Across the hall was Ms. Kringle. An English teacher with a muscular body, tan skin, curly blonde hair, and that day had on white heels, tight blue jeans, and a tight green shirt. Late twenties, and man did she raise the blood pressure of some of the boys in class.

Down the other end was Ms. Marison. Black hair tied up in a ponytail, thin legs, but a shaped butt, and wore a white button down dress shirt that day and tight tan pants and brown high heels. Then, a student teacher named Ms. Jennie was teaching her class in math. She was tall, brown hair tied in a ponytail, nice breasts, and they showed in her tight, dark blue shirt. Just like her nice legs in those tight white pants. Ms. Kelso was a red head with long hair, bright skin and long, tan legs that were athletic-fit. She wore a short black skirt, blue tight top, and heels.

They all had something in common. They were in their late-twenties to mid-thirties, attractive, and they all had a big cup of coffee before work, and refilled at school before first class. They all just taught two classes in a row and as one could imagine, their coffees had them feeling a bit of a build up in their bladders that felt hot and a little pushing.

Ms. Chandler sat in her chair whistling as her students finished their works. Her legs crossed. She wasn’t dying to go (yet) but who knew? What if they had a fire drill, a lockdown, she worried. The bell rang, and she along with the other teachers in their classrooms got up, guided their students out, and were ready to move forward for relief.

Ms. Kelso locked her room door and began to walk off but was pulled back. Her key was stuck in the door. She yanked on it but no use. “Oh no,” she said worried, her legs shook. She clenched her fit tan legs together as she fought for her keys. Her room key was also the teacher lavatory key. Her glasses fogged as sweat dripped from her head. “Come on!” she begged as she put a foot on the wall and pulled back and got her key out. She thanked the lord and ran off.

“Damn!” she said. She saw the school’s one teacher’s lavatory (they had a small school) with a line of the four other teachers outside of it. That only made the pressure in her build up.

All five waited in line. The order went Chandler at the front, then Kringle, Marison, Jennie, and Kelso. Their legs went from a crossed to foot tapping motion as their lips did that sexy pounce like they want to kiss as they waited, annoyed how long it was taking. When Ms. Chandler had gotten there before first she stuck her key in to enter the one person bathroom, but no good. It was locked from the inside. She struggled with turning her key as someone was locked within. She stepped back as she heard from behind the door them releving themselves making her own pains worse.

“Of all days to have to pee bad, right?” Ms. Chandler said to the girls behind her. The other teachers nodded in agreement.

Ms. Kringle had her hands in her jeans pockets. She bounced a little in place. Marison looked at her watch as she waved back and forth feeling her inner preasure slowly build up to more discomfort. Marison said, “Um, ladies…there’s only a minute before the bell.”

They all looked like they had seen a ghost. “Oh, oh!” A couple of them said. Due to safety policies for students teachers had to be back in classes before the bell. There was no way they were all going to get to go.

Ms. Chandler knocked on the door. “Um, excuse me?”

“Just a sec!” the voice behind said.

“It’s just the bell is almost here. We all need to go, so please wrap it up.”

After about twenty seconds, Chandler was going to knock again, but the occupant came out. It was a student, senior Lizzie Banks. The Principal’s daughter.

Their jaws all dropped. “Hey!” Marison said. “You’re not suppose to be in there. It’s our bathroom.”

Lizzie put her hands on her hips. “Like I care. Daddy gave me keys to every room in the school in case of emergency. Besides it’s impossible to put makeup on in the student bathrooms with a crowd in there.”

She wasn’t even going to the bathroom, yet made all these poor teachers and their filled bladders wait.

“Whatever,” Chandler said. She started to walk in, but the bell rang. They all had to go back to class. NO CHOICE! They moaned and walked back, except for Ms. Kelso who was at the end of the line and dancing pretty much.

“Well I lucked out!” she said. “Next two classes are off for me!” And there she went, into the bathroom, panties pulled down, and letting it all out. She let out a sigh of relief. The others were so jealous. Would they get to as wel?......

TO BE CONTINUED…

*007*2017-11-09 06:17

{{9 hours ago, That_Guy said:

Most unrealistic part of this is a teacher wearing jeans. (Unless it’s friday, in which they’d almost all be wearing jeans, so equally unrealistic)

}}

{{10 hours ago, Weasel said:

I've seen an incidents somewhat close to this once when I was a substitute teacher. I once worked at a school with a sign on one of the staff restrooms that said, "Teachers need to use this bathroom during passing periods, if you're not a teacher, hurry up and get out" or something like that. So this kind of thing TOTALLY happens... although not generally to all the hot teachers all at once. Most unrealistic thing about this story? That Ms. Kelso has two classes off.

I am a little too sympathetic to be turned on by this, though, since I've been in the same boat!

}}

So is the story not good then? In my school teachers had two classes off, but they might have study halls. And teachers wore jeans at my school all the time. This is a fiction story, but none is unrealistic.

CHAPTER 2

The next hour went by very, VERY slow. The other four teachers, their bladders were not aching like hell yet, but they were VERY uncomfortable. The bulging feeling of a rock pushing out of their bellies made them realize they really had to pee. Ms. Chanlder was stuck in the one room without AC in the school. She had to fill her bottle up with water from the fountain and guzzled it down without thinking. Inside her body that water flowed through her system, and sprayed as a yellow liquid into her filled bladder making it expand harder against her lower muscles.

Her legs were squeezed together as her foot tapped. Sweat came off her forehead. “Ms. Chandler,” a student asked, bringing up his art piece. “How’s my water colors on this?” WATER…the word sent a beam of pain in her.

Ms. Kringle could not help but walk around her class as they all read from their book. She bit on her fingernails as her legs crossed over each other. She could not help but look up at the clock, and it was never any closer to relief for her.

Ms. Marison looked across the hall in disappointment and full view of the bathroom. Two female teachers waited outside right then. One in a tight pink shirt, pink heels, and tight black pants, the other in a silver dress and black nylons, boots and jacket. They leaned against the wall, waiting, looking annoyed, their bodies waved back and forth. Marison said, “Oh why do they lack enough restrooms in this stupid school!”

The bell rang. All the teachers got up and ran to you know where. As Ms. Marison got up, a student stopped her. The student wanted to ask about the lesson they just reviewed. Marison froze at her desk with her legs shaking in an out from each other. She really had to go to the bathroom and use the toilet! As she frowned, sweat dripped from her head. She felt the boiling pressure as a hot cramp that resembled the start of a hernia is what it felt like. “That’s right!” Marison said. “That’s what that theory means.” She then started to head back out, but another student grabbed her by the wrist and pulled her back. Her left leg kicked out to the side as she was pulled in the opposite direction, hopping on her right foot. Her tan pants with white lines for design tightened across her butt. “Mmmmmm.” She moaned. The next student asked for help as well. So did the other two students behind him. Three more people needed help. Marison closed her eyes and bounced.

All the other teachers made it to the one person bathroom for teachers. But those two teachers Marison saw before were still waiting. The one in the pink shirt had her hands at her crotch and her legs shuffled in place. She knocked on the door. “Are you almost done, I really gotta go!” As all the teachers waited they had looks of worried on their faces, like if they would make it before next bell. Chandler had her hands in her pockets and legs crossed as she crouched over a little to deal with the pressure. She was behind those two teachers, and Ms. Kringle was behind Chandler, and Ms. Jennie behind at the very end.

“Um, hello?!?” asked the pink shirt teacher, Ms. Pella. She did not have much time left.

Inside the bathroom, student teacher Angela with her green pants, brown shoes and exposed ankles and white shirt sat on the toilet. Her pants were down as she released her liquids into the toilet, but after that and she flushed, she remained sitting there going through her texts with her boyfriend. “Hahahahaahah!” she laughed at his cute reply. She ignored the knocking and pleads to unoccupy the restroom. “Annoying” she said about Ms. Pella continuing to knock. Angela brushed back her hair and smiled.

Ms. Marison stood with the final questioning student in her room. Marison had her legs crossed, slowly bouncing in place. God, I’m going to freaking pee my pants! She REALLY had to GO! The pressure beat against her belly.

Ms. Pella grabbed her hair and jogged in place in her pink heels. She started to cry as it hurt having to hold it in. Behind her, that other teacher in the silver dress shirt and black nylons and jacket, Ms. Fally, she had her arms crossed on her chest as she bounced. Ms. Chandler was VERY DESPERATE to PEE at this point. Like Marison, the pressure would not stop pulsing every second. The uncomfortable, hot, bladder bursting growing inside was bad. Her legs crossed tight, biting on her lips, eyes watered, anxiety rising as her heart rate picked up in panic. Man, I can’t wet myself in front of the school. How humiliating!

“Ummmmm…” Ms. Fally said. She started to bite on her fingers as she looked around.

“What’s wrong?” Ms. Pella asked.

Ms. Fally turned red. She covered her face in her hands and her knees turned inwards. Ms. Fally’s bladder had given out and pee was leaking out into her panties and down her thigs in the black leggings. Into her black boots. “SON OF A!” It was not as bad as she made it out to be. Luckily, the dark clothes masked the sight. But she would still be feeling it all day. She ran back to her room to spray her clothes with air freshener.

“Oh what’s taking her so long in there!” Chandler danced and pleaded. Her hands at her crotch as she slouched.

Ms. Kringle danced from foot to foot, top of her legs tight together holding it, grabbed her crotch. “Maaannnnn! I feel like I’m going to explode!” Her skin lost all tan due to stress, and she became white as a ghost. I’m going to freaking pee my panties! “Screw this. I’m using the student’s restroom before I have an accident.” Kringle stumbled off, tipping side to side. She passed Ms. Marison who finally showed up.

“Crap!” Marison said, seeing the size of the line. She ran up and knocked on the door. “Come on hurry up, we all gotta pee!”

Being a student teacher, Ms. Jennie waited, legs crossed in tight white pants breathing in and out heavy.

Angela finally opened the door. Her arms crossed on her chest, looking cocky with that smile. As Marison tried to rush in Angela pushed her back. Ms. Pella tried to move past her but Angela blocked it.

“Come on the bell’s ringing soon,” Pella said in agony.

Ms. Kringle was at the student restroom, but the Principal grabbed her by the shoulder.

“Ms. Kringle, you know the student restroom is for students only.” He said.

She bounced with her arms to her side. “Yes, sir but I really gotta,” her voice strained.

“Rules are rules.”

Then the bell rang.

Kringle’s jaw dropped and cried tears a little.

The teacher’s in line almost had heart attacks from this. Angela laughed and walked away. Marison tried running in. But Pella pushed her away. Pella went in and pulled her black pants down, “Gotta go, ,gotta go!” and she spread her legs and sat down and let out a long, warm, belly deflated pee. “Ooooohh yeah!” she said in relief. She looked up, eyes closed and she smiled. Her muscles became less tense and she could breath easy.

The rest outside: they squirmed as another wait was ahead in their classes.

To be continued…..

*009*2017-11-09 15:39

Anyone else enjoy?

*011*2017-11-09 19:47

Anyone want to guess what’s going to happen? Lol

*015*2017-11-09 22:06

CHAPTER 3

Ms. Marison, Ms. Jennie, Ms. Chandler, and Ms. Kringle did not get to go to the bathroom. They were stuck in their small high school with small classrooms, yet they had oversize bladders at this point…and that was not a good thing. Their bladders were filled. Their lower bellies felt like a baby was inside beating it’s way out with fists on fire. As they went back to their classrooms to teach they felt so much discomfort.

Ms. Chandler took her orange jacket off as her nerves were tense and things were getting uncomfortably hotter. She sweated in her white, wrinkled button-down shirt and tucked one leg under her private parts and sat tight like a pretzel. “Okay everyone, just take out your projects and work on them all period. Or your homework from another class.” Anything that did not involve her standing up. She had a whole other hour before she would at least have a chance to get in the bathroom again. She was scared at what she would feel like by then. She thought, will I even be able to make it?!?

“But Ms. Chandler,” a student said. “You were suppose to teach us how to paint multicolors out.”

“Isn’t it on our final next month?” another student asked.

“Crap,” Ms. Chandler whispered to herself. She got up very carefully, walked over to the board with her legs closed tight, taking short, small breaths to deal with her growing urge to urinate. She picked up the brush, dipped it in the watercup, “OOOHHOO!” she moaned. People looked at her confused at what was wrong. Dipping that brush for the splash it caused, even little triggered more pain. Ms. Chandler placed on hand on her belly and felt it was bigger than usual. It had bulged out.

Ms. Marison stood in front of her class explaining a formula on the board. Her arms held high across her chest crossed as she bounced with her legs crossed in front of all of her students. She tried not to turn red from embarrassment; nothing compared to the embarrassment if she did not make it to the bathroom and empty her bladder. It was a constant struggle like Ms. Chandler to fight off the continuous pulses from their bladders.

Ms. Kringle almost got to go last break, but she was forbidden. No using the student’s restroom. Small school, and they want the health of their students to come first so they can feel safe and pay attention. Screw the teachers Kringle guessed. Her bare ankles in her white heels crossed as she sat in her chair reading to her students. Her legs in her tight blue jeans were closed tight and she had both hands on her crotch motioning around to deal with the ongoing bladder agony. This was torture. She sweat and frowned as she passed off reading to a student so she could focus on holding.

Ms. Jennie had to have had it the worst. She was shuffling her feet with her legs pressed tight as she waved her hips back and forth. One hand massaged her belly while the other held chalk. “Ok cccllass,” she jumbled her words together due to losing focus cause of the bladder pains. “So an e-easy way to remember it is-EE!” she shrieked. Her legs remained tight as knees went inwards and she stopped at the last moment a leak from shooting out of her. The students could tell the distress she was in and giggled. So humiliating.

Ms. Chandler could not take much more. She had a huge bubble ready to burst inside of her. Her legs were shuffling together tight as she bounced. About to cry, she had enough. “Ok, everyone, I’ll be right back. I’m sorry, but I have to use the bathroom.” She blushed and ran out. She reached the bathroom and saw the little sign on the lock was on the OCCUPIED label. “Oh damn it!” she complained. Going from foot to foot as she battled her losing fight, feeling like she would let it loose in her pants and panties any moment, . She knocked, “Please hurry up! I really have to go, pee!”

Ms. Kringle and Marison looked down and saw their bellies had expanded over their pant’s waist. Their bladders were filled WAY past their body’s limit. They squirmed as they stood in front of students.

Ms. Chandler was bent over, hands in crotch, legs crossed, and her tan pants tight around her butt and pushing on the front of her waist. Her belt and button pushed tight as cement against her bulged bladder. However, hope came as the occupant left the bathroom. There it was: a white toilet ready to use. To help her avoid an embarrassing accident and get relief. She started to walk in.

The intercom came out loud with the principal’s god-like voice. “Attention students and staff, we are in a medium lockdown. Please everyone, return to your classrooms or get into one, and close your doors. There is no danger.”

Ms. Chandler could not believe what she was hearing. A medium lockdown meant something is in the halls and no one can be in the halls until the matter is settled. Maybe students fighting, a shattered glass, flood, someone passed out, etc. But the point was she had no choice but to return to class since her students were unatteneded. She wanted to cry at how unfair it was. The toilet looked back at her and all her body wanted to do was pee. She HAD to GO SO BAD! But she could not now. She walked carefully away stumbling as Ms. Jennie ran by her and into the bathroom. Chandler heard Jennie scream, “I’M GOING TO EXPLODE!” The poor student teacher ran in and slammed the door. Chandler was jealous, as being a student teacher, the real teacher was still in her room so the students had an adult present.

Jennie struggled with her expanded, swollen, aching bladder against her tight, white pant’s waist. She could not get the button undone. She dug her fingers in and pinched them which hurt but there was no choice. “Come on!” she said in a low, strained voice with cracks in it. She pulled and pulled and the button came undone. She pulled the zipper down, then her pants and panties, and as she danced onto the toilet seat, felt an immediate relief of her bladder’s pee pouring out of her like a keg at a college party that just got opened. Like the one time she saw beer get sprayed from the keg everywhere, she was doing that in the toilet now. She felt her belly shrink and nerves calm. So much came out that the filled bowl of pee hit her butt cheeks. She flushed, and had to wait in the bathroom until the lockdown was cleared. Accident avoided and panties dry!

After the lockdown was cleared, Ms. Chandler and Kringle were unfortunate to be called to a staff meeting for some teachers. As they held their bursting bladders, they had to attend. But Ms. Marison was lucky to have the next period off. She stumbled out of her room tipping foot to foot grabbing herself down there as she felt her bladder ready to explode and destroy her panties. She unlocked the bathroom, and saw the beautiful toilet. As she walked in an eager student pulled her aside and made one of her legs tip up to the side again as she was puled away in the other. She tried to clench her crotch muscles as he leg up almost made her have an accident. She dropped her keys on the bathroom floor, and the door closed and automatically locked as it was built to.

“I’m sorry Ms. Marison,” Dustin said. “But you left so quick, I had to ask about-.”

“Dustin,” Marison said shaking. “Please come to me next period. PLEASE.” Dustin walked off annoyed. Marison walked back up to the bathroom and grabbed the door knob. Locked, it would not open one bit. She checked her pockets for her keys, but then she remembered seeing them fall onto the floor. They were locked inside the bathroom. She could not get in.

Marison’s heart raced as her legs crossed and she bounced fast up and down. “I REALLY HAVE TO PEEEEEEE!” She cried. She bit her lip as two drops shot out of her. Oh no….

TO BE CONTINUED…

*019*2017-11-10 16:49

{{On 11/9/2017 at 12:42 AM, Weasel said:

I've seen an incidents somewhat close to this once when I was a substitute teacher. I once worked at a school with a sign on one of the staff restrooms that said, "Teachers need to use this bathroom during passing periods, if you're not a teacher, hurry up and get out" or something like that. So this kind of thing TOTALLY happens... although not generally to all the hot teachers all at once. Most unrealistic thing about this story? That Ms. Kelso has two classes off.

I am a little too sympathetic to be turned on by this, though, since I've been in the same boat!

}}

Can you tell me about one time a hot teacher at the school you worked at had that happen to them?

*021*2017-11-10 20:20

{{2 hours ago, Weasel said:

Nope, for two reasons: first, I don't post stories of people without their permission, and second, I've never actually seen a hot teacher in this situation. I've heard a story from a pretty attractive student teacher, but I don't have their consent to post it and I ain't asking.

Btw, I wasn't cricitizing with the "two classes off being unrealistic," I was saying the rest was good! And in all the American schools I've worked at, no teacher has ever had two prep periods. If your experience is different, good for your area's school system. As for jeans, as another person pointed out, it depends on where you are; on the West Coast it's a good deal more likely that teachers would be wearing jeans on any given day. East Coast, less likely.

}}

Ok. I wasn’t going to ask for names or anything. Just thought you could describe one time you saw. No one would know.

*024*2017-11-14 20:46

CHAPTER 4

Ms. Chandler and Ms. Kringle stood at the staff meeting since there were no chairs left. Chanlder was back in her orange dress jacket and both of them felt the waistband of their tight pants cut into their lower belly as their bladders expanded out against their skin. Each pulse felt like a stab, and the pulses were constant. They were nervous, their hearts racing at the possibility of not making it and being humiliated. As the principal went over to talk about the pipe that exploded and leaked water on the other side of school, some others noticed Chandler and Kringle squirm in place as they stood against the wall. Ms. Kringle’s mouth opened wanting to yell out in agony but only squeaked. Her legs crossed in those tight jeans and she could barely keep her eyes open. Ms. Chanlder could not stop her legs squeezed together and feet shuffling like she was winning a race. Except she was losing a battle with her a bladder.

“Ahh what are we going to do??!??” Ms. Kringle complained in a whisper.

Ms. Chandler’s belly growled from aching. “I have no flipping idea. I can’t pee my pants, I just can’t.”

The principal noticed right then the two teachers moving around in place through squirms and bounces. “Are you two okay?”

“Y-yes sir,” Ms. Chandler said in a strained voice.

“You two look like you’re getting sick or something,” another teacher said.

Kringle’s legs crossed. Chandler’s left knee went up over the other leg, and she pushed her hands in her pockets. She pressed onto her hips and massaged them. The need to go was getting uncontrollable.

“Alright then,” the principal said. “Anyways, the maintence workers have informed me that the plumbing system under our school is becoming clogged with mold from the chemicals in the science classrooms being flushed down the sink. It is causing a PRESSURE of WATER.”

Those two words felt like punches in the guts to Chandler and Kringle. The principal then brought up screenshots on the overhead. The photos of water flowing in the pipes made it worst for the desperate teachers. They could not stop squirming.

Ms. Marison was dancing in front of the locked teacher’s lavatory. Her keys were trapped inside. With her legs locked together she shuffled them over each other and wiped sweat from her forehead. “Oooohhhooo,” she moaned in agony. Her belly felt like it would pop and her bladder would explode. She saw students walks around past her and her heart raced as she thought about her possible impending accident that would cause a hallway of laughter and turn her cheeks bright red. She saw Mrs. Temple leave her room and walk towards the bathroom. Ms. Marison begged, “Mrs. Temple! Please, please, please! I’m sorry but I really need to pee and my keys got locked in there. Please can you open the door for me?”

“Of course, yeah,” Mrs.Temple said. She unlocked the door and walked in and kicked Ms. Marison’s keys out to her. Ms. Marison picked them up in joy. “I had to go anyways as well,” Temple said, and she shut the door, occupying the bathroom.

Ms. Marison’s jaw dropped, and tears fell from her eyes. The two drops that shot out into her panties before became warmer against her private area. Her legs crossed like a pretzel.

The faculty meeting ended, and everyone exited the room. Ms. Chandler and Kringle did not even listen to ninety percent of what was discussed. Their face were red and bladders ready to explode. Ms. Chandler said, “Thank God! To the bathroom.”

Kringle said, “Yeah for you. I have no more classes today. I’m going home to pee. I can’t wait anymore this is ridiculous.” She ran off, out the building, started her car, and drove.

Ms. Chandler waddled down the hallway. Arms crossed on her torso as she moaned and kept her legs tight right up to the crotch.

Ms. Marison felt another spurt from her crotch escape her bladder. OH NO! She could feel the pee slowly starting to escape her body and stain her panties and pants. “This can’t be happening!” she cried quietly. But then, the door opened and Ms. Marison saw Ms. Temple leave and she pushed her to the side and ran in. Ms. Chandler rushed down the hall just to see the bathroom become occupied again.

Ms. Kringle was most definitely breaking the speed limit. Her bladder pulsed at constant painful measures. She thought, she’s a grown woman, she can’t wet her pants. She just could not. Her heart sank as police lights started to flash in the background. “Oh no,” she said in pain. She pulled over, and just her luck so did the cop. He walked up to her car and she pressed her legs together tight. She shook in her seat. “Yes officer?”

“Miss, you were hitting twenty over the speed limit, do you realize that?” he asked.

“I’m s-s-sorry sir,” she slurred her words, unable to concentrate from the bladder pulses.

“Licenses and registration,” he said. She handed them to him. “Wait here please.” He walked back to his car to check the information.

Ms. Kringle shook more and faster. “Oh, come on, come on, come on!”

Ms. Marison let out a long sound of relief. She heard a stream fly out of her into the toilet like a fire hose. Yes, a few drops escaped, but none showed on her pants. She escaped humiliation. Ms. Chandler could hear from outside and it made her squirm from the desperation. She pulled out her hair pins as the sweat was causing discomfort on her head and her short brown hair fell to the sides of her face. She took her orange jacket off and pulled her sleeves up a little on her white button-down shirt. “Man, I got to pee!” she said, feeling her rock solid, round bladder-belly.

As Ms. Kringle continued to shake, the police officer walked up to her. “Ok miss, I need you to step out of the car.”

Her heart sank. “Why?”

“Procedure. You were also weaving on the road a bit. Need to make sure you’re not intoxicated.”

“I’m not I just came from school.”

“Miss. Out now. Please.”

She did as she was told. Her hips waving back and forth. There was not much time left for her. There were people walking down the street, neighbors she knew. Even a couple senior boys who got out early were standing by on their cells. They waved to Ms. Kringle.

Ms. Chandler knocked on the door. “Oh my God please hurry!” She bounced with her legs tight together, both hands at crotch, ready to pee on herself in minutes if she did not get in there. The Principal made an announcement before, but she did not hear it. Too much distraction from her bladder. Ms. Marison felt like she had to go number two as well since her gut had gone through so much pain today. Ten more minutes went by. Ms. Chandler was about to lose it, fighting it off every last bit. Then, Ms. Marison came out of the bathroom. That was weird since Chandler did not hear her flush. But all she cared about was getting in there, but Ms. Marison blocked the door.

“I don’t think you want to do that,” Marison said.

“Believe me,” Ms. Chandler said bouncing. “I really do!” Two steps in and she saw the toilet filled with pee and poop. She almost threw up. She pushed the flushing handle but nothing happened. No water flushed it. “What the?”

“Excuse me ladies,” said the janitor. He pushed both out and shut the bathroom door, using his special key to lock it which keeps everyone else out, including teachers for mantence repairs.

“What…what are you doing?” Ms. Chandler said.

The janitor said, “Well you heard the principal’s announcements just now. He gave everyone ten minutes to take a last bathroom break. That pipe leak on the other end of the school, caused by a pressure build up. We had to turn all the water off just now.”

Ms. Chandler froze in terror. “But…for h-h-how long?”

“Rest of the day,” he said. “Can’t end school early either. The buses are in the next town over until 3 PM. Least you ladies both got to go it looked like. Bathrooms should be fixed for tomorrow.” He walked away.

The bathrooms were ALL CLOSED. The water off. No plumbing…even though Ms. Chandler’s plumbing was about to burst. Her pressure was building up way past max as wel, and her eyes widened from realizing the bathrooms would be closed for the last hour of the day. Just when she had class. She shook and bounced as sweat leaked from her head, and tears from her eyes. The constant pulses causing aggravation in the feeling of boiling hot pressure ready to pop her belly open, drench her panties and pants which were so light everyone would see. She NEEDED TO HOLD IT IN!

“Um, Ms. Chandler,” Marison asked, feeling a little guilty. “You going to be okay?”

Ms. Chandler cried, clenching every muscle to avoid an embarrassing accident.

TO BE CONTINUED…

