Omomonogatari

Author: Railgun-sama

*008*2017-07-15 06:00

Here's the third arc! Yes, yes, I know. It's been a while. I recently got a new job, and the training period, as well as just getting the swing of things in general, hasn't left me with a plethora of free time. Still, that's winding down and my new job gives me a lot of down-time in the first place, so I'm hoping to get back into writing this full force. I have a lot planned for this story, both in the desperation/wetting sense and also with the plot, so look forward to it!

###

Sanae Frog

001

Black.

All I saw was black.

No, I hadn’t gone mysteriously blind or anything. Nor had I been forced into such a state by circumstances beyond my control. The reason why all I saw was black was because I had my eyes closed.

I was trying to sleep.

It was early November, so the days were growing shorter and shorter as we approached the winter solstice. For most people, that would simply mean that the days would grow colder and they’d have to start wearing jackets and the like over their school uniforms. However, to someone like me, who was training under a vampire-exorcising specialist, it had extra importance.

More specifically, as the days grew shorter, the time both vampires and humans spent outside together grew longer. Humans, who had a set schedule in today’s modern society despite the change in daylight hours, and vampires, who were forced to wait until the sun had set to move around, would cross paths more often.

In other words, someone like Grimoire could become very busy.

Well, I say that, but from what I understand, there aren’t many vampires in Japan.

To the extent that Dramaturgy, and the other half-vampire vampire hunter that had come specifically to chase down Kissshot Acerola-orion Heart-under-blade, had already left Japan.

That being said, with those two gone, Grimoire was probably the strongest vampire-exorcising specialist left.

In other words, while she was staying somewhere that wasn’t well-known for vampire activity, she had also made the entirety of Japan her territory when it came to vampire-slaying. When I put it like that, it sounds like she should be busy every night.

But most of the time, I find her lounging around the abandoned parking garage.

Well, it does seem like she’s doing her job, since sometimes I come there and there’s some other assortment of vampire body parts from someone I’ve never met. I sometimes worry she wants to make more people like me, but she’s assured me she won’t take on any new disciples, and that what happened to me was due to extraneous circumstances.

I’m less inclined to believe that second part fully.

More to the point, Grimoire has been calling me over to her base of operations more frequently, and because the days are getting shorter, that means she has more time to train me at my “full power”.

In other words, I was sleeping because I was being overworked, and even though it was the lunch period at school, I would take any opportunity I got to make up some of that lost rest.

“Oh? Is that Takashiro-san sleeping during lunchtime? That’s rather unbecoming of the class representative, don’t you think?”

That teasing tone wasn’t the harsh, critical voice of Oikura Sodachi, nor was it the gentle reprimanding of Mashino Yuuki.

“Are you saying you’re embarrassed for my sake, Sanae-san?”

Senryuu Sanae.

Without opening my eyes, I could describe her perfectly.

A girl who carried herself like a princess, yet had the tongue of a dragon.

Her warm brown eyes and long, black hair that she wore in a straight cut gave her the appearance of traditional beauty, a proper Yamato Nadeshiko. She had a slender and well-endowed figure, and even though she wore the school’s uniform to regulation, she always managed to look well dressed compared to the others.

However, that belied her mischievous, teasing personality.

It wasn’t the kind of teasing that exhibitionist woman who lives in an abandoned parking garage likes to partake in. It’s more like a kind of meddling.

In other words, Sanae stuck her nose in places where you really didn’t want her to butt in.

“Embarrassed? Well, I guess that’s part of it, but I moreso wanted to know what’s wrong. After all, despite looking like a delinquent, you’re actually rather well-behaved. Being tired in the middle of the day is more Yuuki-chan’s shtick than yours, isn’t it?”

I previously had no intention of giving Sanae the satisfaction of making eye-contact, but her statement about Yuuki made me open my eyes.

Sanae was standing next to my desk, smirking like she was planning something.

“Oh, those eyes. They always catch me off guard… Red eyes! Are you sure you’re not some kind of demon or something?”

“Connecting red (赤 - aka) with demon (赤 - ma) , wouldn’t that make me a Red Mage (赤魔[道士]- akama[doushi])?”

“Well, your name, Takashiro, and your hair, both allude to the color white, so maybe you’re a white mage instead.”

“No, if anything, I’m more of a demon,” I replied obtusely.

“Well, as a demon, you still need proper sleep.”

“So in the end I’m still being lectured.”

“Maybe you’re not getting proper sleep because you and Oikura-san have been doing unmentionable things together,” Sanae proposed, her lips curling into a smirk, “Actually, come to think of it, Oikura-san hasn’t shown up today either.”

“What kind of conclusion is that!?” I asked, indignant, “Besides, there’s nothing going on between me and Sodachi-san. That was just a rumor!”

“Oh, but was it? Don’t you visit her apartment every week? She even lives alone, I hear.”

“I’ve told you before! She’s helping me with mathematics.”

“Hmm… so was she also helping you in mathematics when you two got locked in the classroom together a month ago?”

“Why do I get the feeling that you were the one who spread that rumor in the first place!?”

I yelled that out without thinking about it too much, but Sanae just said something rather interesting.

She said we got locked in.

Due to the events that transpired in the wake of us getting trapped in the classroom together, us three involved parties swore to never mention anything to anyone else. Therefore, the only people who knew Sodachi and I had been locked in that classroom were Sodachi, Yuuki, and me.

So, how did Sanae learn about it?

“Eh, don’t look so surprised that I know. Mashino-san and I are pretty much best friends, so we tell each other everything.”

That statement seemed pretty far from the actual truth.

“Also, I stole her phone and listened to some of the recorded calls.”

“That’s so shamelessly criminal I don’t even know how to rebuttal.”

“Actually, I’m the one who set Mashino-san’s phone to record calls in the first place without her knowing!”

“Are you a psychopath or something?”

“Well, she found me out eventually, so I guess I won’t be doing that again.”

“That’s relieving to hear, if you’re sincere about that.”

Sanae grinned, pointing her finger at me and snapping her other hand, “Anyway, you and your secret lover Oikura-san are staying up all night doing unspeakable things, which is why you’re so tired lately.”

I could only react by staring blankly at the hime-haired girl.

Don’t say that and point your figure like you’ve solved the case or something!

“Do I even need to tell you you’re off the mark?” I asked.

“Nope. I’ve pretty much decided I’m right anyway, so anything you say now would be wasting your breath.”

Sanae said that with an innocent grin on her face.

Vainly, ineffectually, I replied with, “Just don’t start any rumors again. Regardless of my personal stakes in the matter, it would be unbecoming of the class’s vice-representative to go causing trouble for a transfer student.”

“Yes, I understand, Takashiro-sama.”

What’s with that random formality?

No, that wasn’t important.

The important part was that Sanae was grinning mischievously, like she definitely wasn’t sincere at all.

I found myself rubbing the bridge of my nose irritably.

I don’t know how, for the first month of school, Yuuki put up with this woman.

No, come to think of it, the vice-representative is appointed by the class representative… so that means Yuuki specifically chose Senryuu Sanae.

I had been working off the assumption that Sanae had been elected for her charms and good looks, but now that I’ve realized that important detail, I feel as though I’ve been missing something critical.

Namely, if Senryuu Sanae has a history with Mashino Yuuki…

If this infuriatingly nosy woman has some sort of reason to despise Yuuki that started before our third year of high school…

Then maybe Sanae was a lead.

Maybe Senryuu Sanae was the one who cursed Mashino Yuuki.

“Oh, those demon eyes of yours have grown more intense, Takashiro-san,” Sanae noted, “What’s wrong now?”

I was about to turn away and dismiss it, when I saw something flicker on Sanae’s shoulder.

It was brief, like a subliminal message in the middle of a movie that you barely have time to register.

It was something small, sitting on her shoulder.

Something small and green, with large bulbous eyes and long, folded legs.

A frog.

By the time I had registered what it was I had just seen, it was gone, and before I had time to think about it, right then and there, someone who had gotten up to throw away their garbage from lunch tripped, and a can of black coffee was sent flying across the room.

The can spun around, spraying its contents all over the bags, desks, and floor. It was like someone had thrown a rotating sprinkler through the air.

The can careened through the air and smacked me square in the face, splashing me with col, bitter coffee. It then dropped into my lap and I felt coffee spilling out all over the pants of my school uniform.

It had spilled in a way that made it look like I had totally wet myself.

I glared at the can with irritation as it fell off my lap and onto the floor below.

Everything was a mess.

Everything except for Sanae.

She was standing right in front of me. There was no way she could’ve avoided being splashed a little bit when I was hit square in the face with the can.

“Oh, Takashiro-san, that’s an unfortunate look for you,” Sanae snickered, trying and failing to sound sympathetic as she held back a laugh.

But I no longer cared about that.

The frog…

And the fact that she had gone entirely untouched by the rain of coffee…

Even before that, I had suspected something was off about Sanae, specifically regarding her relationship with Yuuki.

But now that I had seen those two things, I was sure of one thing.

Senryuu Sanae, who was still gazing at me with eyes filled with laughter…

The vice-representative had her hands deep into the world of the occult.

002

“A Fortune Toad?” Grimoire asked, sounding rather incredulous at the theory I had just presented to her.

I was currently walking around the train station after school, holding my cell phone to my ear as I conversed with my mentor about the incident with Sanae. I had come here without a real purpose, so I wound up walking around aimlessly as I explained the situation.

“Yeah,” I answered confidently, “A Fortune Toad, and oddity that has powers over the fortune and misfortune of others. They’re Japanese-born oddities stemming from ancient myths regarding how frogs would show up in rice fields just after a much-needed rainstorm. Obviously, it’s common sense that frogs would show up when it rains, but back then they became an object of worship.”

“It’s good that you’ve been studying oddities,” Grimoire replied, “But it’s equally important to learn how to filter out what’s important with frivolous information. The question is, why do you believe Sanae to be possessed by a Fortune Toad?”

My efforts to show off had backfired, and I felt slightly dejected. I mean, in the first place, Grimoire was also known to go in-depth when explaining oddities. I distinctly remember her taking quite a while to fully explain to me the world I had been plunged into on the night I met her.

Either way, Grimoire had a point. How the Fortune Toad became an oddity is irrelevant. The important part is how it affects the world around it. In this case, it was more crucial to focus on its influence on Sanae.

“Sanae-san seems to be able to redirect misfortune.”

In contrast to my desire to show off earlier, this answer was direct and concise.

“Really now?”

“Well, to put it simply, someone splashed coffee all over the classroom. Yet even though I got the worst of it, Sanae, who was standing right next to me, was untouched.”

“Hmmm. Yes, that does sound like redirection of misfortune.”

“Moreover, I saw it.”

“Huh?”

“I saw the Fortune Toad sitting on Sanae-san’s shoulder. It was only for an instant, like a flicker, but I saw it.”

“Hehe, see,” Grimoire replied, and I could tell she was grinning on the other end of the phone, “You got mad at me for it over summer break, but those new eyes of yours are already coming in handy, aren’t they?”

“They’re still irritating. Even with the seal, they’re too sensitive to light… and I can’t believe no one’s noticed my eyes changing from brown to red.”

“They haven’t noticed because they suit you too well.”

“I resent that.”

“I’m sure, Takashiro-kun,” Grimoire replied dismissively, “However… what makes you so sure what you saw was a Fortune Toad?”

“Eh?”

It was a dumb, automatic response, and Grimoire let out a short, soft chuckle at it. Yet was my response really that unexpected. After all, I had already answered that question, right?

“I mean, didn’t I already establish that Sanae-san’s misfortune was redirected? Isn’t that the signature of the Fortune Toad?”

“You’re correct. The Fortune Toad is the only oddity known to both possess the form of a toad and also redirect misfortune. In fact, the number of oddities that specialize in redirecting fortune or misfortune can be said to be very low in the first place. Among them, it wouldn’t be inaccurate to say that the Fortune Toad is the most common one to encounter in Japan. In other words, I can’t fault you for so confidently declaring that what you encountered was a Fortune Toad. However, aren’t you only assuming that the oddity you saw sitting on Sanae-san’s shoulder had, in fact, redirected misfortune?”

“......”

“Takashiro-kun, are you still so naive?” Grimoire asked, her tone losing its playfulness, “You something that looked like redirected misfortune, but aren’t there other explanations as well? If you see a vampire burning in daylight, it’s natural to assume that they’re burning because of the sun. However, isn’t it also possible that they drank holy water, burst into flames, and in their pain they ran out of the cover of shade? It’s not a rational thing to assume, especially since the first option is much more likely.

However, oddities are not rational creatures. The occult is a world where everything affects everything else in different ways. If a specialist carelessly approaches a problem assuming one thing, they could wind up doing more harm than good. It’s important to consider all possibilities, not just the most likely ones. That’s why specialists have a tendency to drag their feet when dealing with oddities. They’re not procrastinating. Instead, they’re observing, waiting to confirm if they’re really dealing with the right oddity. That’s the one thing I hate about doing work that doesn’t involve exorcising vampires.”

“Somehow, I didn’t picture you the type of person to dislike sitting around and waiting.”

“No, you misunderstand. That’s not the part I hate. The part I hate is, simply, having to watch oddities do what they want. Having to watch people suffer because of the supernatural, without being able to take action.”

That was an unusually compassionate sentiment, coming from Grimoire.

Well, I suppose it wasn’t entirely unfounded. After all, she had gone out of her way to rescue me after my own incident over spring break. I didn’t have money or skills to offer, and at the time, I was just a normal human. She had no reason to bother with me, especially since it directly interfered with one of her jobs at the time.

In other words, she had rescued me out of the kindness of her own heart, at a detriment to her.

Well, in the end, I became a valuable asset to her, now that I’ve been given body parts of a vampire.

I guess I was the result of her good karma.

“Well, moving forward, I suggest you test Sanae-san’s ability to redirect misfortune. Do you still have that package I gave you over summer break?”

“You mean you want me to use that?”

“Well, unless you can think of a better way to cause Sanae-san misfortune that can be redirected. However, I would imagine my method is far less violent and far more subtle than anything you could come up with. We can’t just repeat what happened today. A scenario like that doesn’t rule anything out.”

“..... Fine, I’ll do it.”

“Do what?”

That was not Grimoire’s voice.

In fact, that voice had not come over the phone at all.

“Oh, is there someone else there?” Grimoire asked playfully, “I’ll leave you two alone, then.”

With that, the red-haired exhibitionist I called my mentor hung up the phone, and I was left staring at a familiar face.

Silver twintails, billowing in the breeze.

A pale, fragile-looking figure, that belied her abrasiveness and aloofness.

“Sodachi-san!”

“That sounded like a serious conversation. Tell me, what is it that you plan on doing? Have you become a criminal in the day I was gone from school?”

Right.

Sodachi hadn’t been at school today.

“N-no! It’s nothing like that!” I held up my arms defensively, “It’s just work, I guess.”

“You mean to say it involves the supernatural, then?” Sodachi tilted her head to the side, “Is that what you’re telling me?”

“S-something like that.”

Sodachi scowled at me.

Sanae had been speculating that me and Sodachi were lovers because we were close, but that was actually not the case. A week ago, after I told Sanae about how Yuuki and I met and became friends, she started acting cold to me again. It was on a level where I was pretty sure it wasn’t just because she didn’t believe me about the supernatural.

Well, to put it simply, I don’t think it was at all because she didn’t believe me about the supernatural. If it was simply that she didn’t believe me, she could’ve done a number of things, like demand I show her the powers of my vampiric limbs, or take her to Grimoire herself to talk to her. Since she wasn’t asking me to do anything to prove I was telling the truth, I could only conclude that she believed me.

Yet, ever since that day, she’s distanced herself from me. She had been treating me almost as coldly as when we first met, and today, the day we were supposed to have math tutoring, she didn’t even come to school.

But…

If it was just that she was avoiding me, she would have no reason to approach me now, outside of school and in her free time. Even if we had been going the same way, it would’ve been simple enough to avoid me.

“Whether you’re dealing with the supernatural or not doesn’t seem like a question ‘something like that’ applies to.”

“Well, in short, I am dealing with the supernatural.”

“Is Mashino-san involved?”

“Only tangentially… I think.”

Sodachi scowled at me again, and I could tell immediately she expected me to elaborate.

“W-what I mean is, I’m dealing with someone I only know because of Yuuki-chan, but whether this particular incident has anything to do with Yuuki-chhan or her problem is something I haven’t determined yet.”

“In other words, you’re suspicious of the person you’re dealing with?” Sodachi asked directly, “You think they might have something to do with Mashino-san’s curse?”

“Well,” I paused, “I don’t think they cursed Yuuki-san, but I think she has the expertise to teach someone else how to curse someone in the first place. She’s that kind of person. However, she might be in over her head this time, if she’s trying to control the powers of this particular oddity.”

“Oh, so in the end, she’s another one of your damsels in distress?” Sodachi narrowed her eyes, “The girl of the week who needs your saving?”

That came out suddenly.

Abruptly.

An outburst that was both unexpected and scathing.

But, it belied another emotion, one that caused a rose-colored tinge to creep up on Sodachi’s face.

It was there for a brief moment, before it faded into a dull glare. Even though she was still scowling, it didn’t look nearly as imposing as before.

I chose my words carefully.

“It’s not about saving one person over another,” I replied, “They need my help and expertise. It’s a job. Besides, in this case, everyone around Sanae-san will be put in danger if she clings to the Fortune Toad she’s befriended, so I guess you could say I’m saving everyone.”

Sodachi didn’t seem content with this answer.

“You’re despicable,” Sodachi replied, “Tone down that unattractive egomania of yours. The only one you’re saving is yourself.”

“Maybe so,” I replied, “But if other people benefit from it, that’s the same as saving others, right?”

“Only if you’re actually talking about something dangerous here.”

“If you want to know how dangerous it is, I could tutor you on Oddities.”

“Aren’t you still learning from that exhibitionist red-haired squatter who lives in a parking garage?”

“Well, it would be the same as you tutoring me on math, even though you’re also taking math classes.”

“I’m not interested in things of the supernatural,” Sodachi dismissed.

“Suit yourself,” I shrugged.

“It’s unfortunate, but I guess we’ll be seeing each other in class tomorrow, then,” Sodachi sighed, turning around to leave, “Oh, and math tutoring is cancelled forever. I don’t feel like dealing with you anymore.”

“That’s fine. At least today I have other things to take care of in the first place,” I replied vaguely, thought it wasn’t like I was lying. I had a few preparations to make before school tomorrow if I was going to confirm Sanae’s possession of a Fortune Toad.

We turned our backs toward each other and I heard Sodachi walk away. Letting out a heavy sigh, I turned around and watched as she crossed the street towards her apartment.

Just before I turned back around, however, I caught sight of something discarded on the ground. It was something like a thin bracelet. I picked it up, and realized it was made of thin plastic and had a name and a barcode running across it.

A hospital bracelet.

“Who dropped this here, I wonder?” I asked aloud, turning the bracelet so I could read the name fully.

Familiar characters ran across the white surface, reading in clean, black print:

“Oikura Sodachi”

003

“I’m home!” I called out, sliding open the traditional paper doors to my aunt’s home and stepping in. Taking my shoes off and replacing them with a pair of house-friendly slippers, I glanced into the main room, and my eyes fell immediately upon a figure lounging in front of the TV.

The figure was a girl about two years my junior, clad in the uniform of an entirely different high school. She had silver hair tied up in a short ponytail and pale grey eyes that gazed idly at the television. A half-eaten rice cracker stuck out from her mouth, bouncing as she munched on it.

Her name was Yakamoto Akane.

She was the daughter of my mother’s sister. In other words, my cousin.

She appeared to be watching some anime I’d never seen before about high school girls driving tanks. Ordinarily, I might’ve been inclined to ask her about it, but I had a lot on my mind. There was the whole matter with Sanae and what was probably a Fortune Toad, and now there was that bracelet I found. I really just wanted to head to my room and think things through, so I passed by my cousin without another word.

My aunt had married into a rather well-off family, something like they were descended from a famous samurai or something. The house had belonged to my uncle, but he had died not too long after Akane was born, leaving her, my aunt, and me alone in an overly-large home.

Since the house was pretty big, it took me a few moments to get to my room.

Once I was there, I closed the door behind me looked around my bedroom. I made my way over to the desk and dug around the drawer until I found a small bottle filled with pale-yellow powder. On the bottle was a small label reading “Diuretic”. It was hand-written in English, probably by Grimoire herself.

Did Grimoire really expect me to drug Sanae with diuretic just to see if she the frog I had seen was actually a Fortune Toad?

Well, it wasn’t like that was anything unexpected or uncharacteristic for my perverted mentor, but just because I was learning from her didn’t mean I was comfortable with all her methods of dealing with Oddities. That being said, I was having trouble figuring out what else I could do to “bring misfortune” upon Sanae that wouldn’t put her in serious danger if I was wrong. Specifically on that matter, Grimoire was right.

“I suppose there’s no helping it. I’ll have to drug Sanae with this diuretic tomorrow,” I sighed.

Saying it aloud made me feel even worse about it.

Wait, but I don’t even know what this stuff is. Grimoire didn’t tell me how to use it, she just gave it to me and said I might need it one day. I don’t know how strong this stuff works or how much I should give Sanae tomorrow. If I didn’t give her enough, it might not take effect soon enough and she’d get a chance to go to the bathroom between classes. In that case, it would be better if I erred on the side of caution and gave her a larger dose.

However, diuretics can be dangerous if you overdose, since they work by increasing kidney function and inhibiting water re-absorption. At the very least, Sanae could become extremely dehydrated, and there were probably more serious side-effects of an overdose depending on what this powder was.

“Yeah, yeah, that’s right,” I nodded to myself, “I can’t just carelessly drug my classmates with sketchy diuretics given to me by an exhibitionist vampire hunter… I’ll have to wrack my brain for another option.”

However…

Even though I had said that, I couldn’t think of another option.

I flopped down on my bed, staring up at the ceiling as though that would help me think better. Raising the vial of pale yellow powder up to my face to study it, I wondered briefly how else I was going to bring misfortune to Sanae for her to redirect.

Some time passed, and I before I could come up with a solution, I heard a small knock on the wooden frame of my bedroom door.

“Haru-nii, dinner’s ready!”

I let out a soft sight and rose to my feet, turning to the door, “Alright, I’m on my way.”

I walked over to the door and stepped out, greeting my cousin, who had already turned and was making her way towards the kitchen. Just as I closed my bedroom door, I realized I still held the vial of diuretic in my hands. It would look weird if I went back into my bedroom after emerging, so I slipped the vial into my pocket instead.

“Mom’s not home yet. Probably tied up at the hospital or something, so I made dinner tonight.”

“That’s too bad that she’s held up, ah, but your cooking is always amazing, so I can’t say I’m disappointed that you made dinner.”

My cousin twirled around, walking backwards as she puffed out her chest, “Fufufu, well, I am the best cook in this house! Actually, I won the cooking competition at our school last month as well, so I’m the best cook at my high school. If I were to guess, I’d say I’m probably the best cook ever!”

Her boasting was completely undermined when she stumbled as she was walking backwards. She flailed her arms helplessly as she fell back, but I reacted quickly and caught her arm.

I pulled her forwards and she, either because she was unbalanced or to show off, spun around and landed in my arms.

“The best cook ever should watch where she’s walking.”

“How embarrassing,” Akane replied softly.

She pulled herself to her feet and jumped away from me, adding, “Thanks for catching me, but please don’t say cool things like that. Raising romance flags with your own cousin is pretty shameless.”

“You flirt with me all the time!”

“When I do it, it’s an endearing character trait,” Akane smiled, “besides, I can’t be doing things like that anymore. I have a boyfriend now.”

“A boyfriend?”

“Yeah, we started dating a week ago, actually.”

“What’s his name?”

“Haru Takakuro.”

“What is he, a BlazBlue character?”

“That reference was pushing it, even for you.”

“Well, I don’t know how to feel about the fact that his name’s so similar to mine, but it’s none of my business who you date. So congratulations, I guess.”

“Aw, you seem a lot less disappointed than I expected.”

“What’s with that? You just said I shouldn’t be raising any flags.”

“Well, I said that, but I wanted you to object more.”

“Do you even actually have a boyfriend, or are you just messing with me?”

Without answering, my cousin went ahead to the kitchen and retrieved two plates loaded with food. As she set it down, I took in the sight of chicken katsu served with a vegetable stir fry and rice.

“It looks great as always! Thanks for the food.”

We knelt down at the table and began eating, a comfortable silence falling between us. It wasn’t long, however, before my mind drifted back to my current predicament. I still was iffy about using the diuretic, but I wasn’t having any luck coming up with other options.

“You seem distracted,” Akane noted, just as we had finished our food, “Is what I said earlier bothering you?”

“Huh?” I looked up, snapping out of my thoughts, “Oh, no. It’s nothing like that.”

“Here, let me take your plate.”

I watched as Akane reached down and picked up my empty plate. She turned towards the kitchen and placed the dishes in the sink, beginning to wash them.

“I’ll help. You made dinner, so I’d feel bad if I let you clean up on your own.”

I stood up and took a spot next to her, grabbing my plate and a sponge and washing off the last remnants of Akane’s dish.

“Hey, you know. You’ve changed a lot recently, Haru-nii.”

“Huh? What do you mean by that?”

“Well, how do I put this… you seem like you’ve grown rather distant lately.”

“Are you saying I’m treating you or Aunt Hayate coldly?”

“No, it’s not like that, it just… it seems like there’s just something on your mind lately, and you haven’t asked me or Mom about it yet. I just thought… what could you be worried about that you can’t even confide in your family.”

The true answer to that question was far more complicated than I would’ve liked to get into right now. I mean, in the first place, what was I going to say? “I met a vampire hunter, discovered the supernatural world, and about one third of my body is now that of a vampire’s.”

Joking aside, I couldn’t exactly explain the situation to my cousin.

“Well, I don’t know what’s bothering you, but if there’s any way I can help, I’d gladly bear any burden for you!”

I didn’t seem to have any other choices other than using the diuretic on Sanae at this point, and if I were going to do that, I’d need to test it out first.

Of course, if I was going to test it out, I could do it on myself, but I really wasn’t looking forward to doing something like that, and here my cousin was, volunteering to help me with anything I might need.

Even if I didn’t tell her the full truth of what I needed help with, she volunteered, so there shouldn’t be any problems with this, right?

“Actually,” I replied, “there has been something bothering me lately.”

“Huh?”

“Well, I uh… That is to say…” I paused, coming up with something on the fly, “Tea club! There’s a girl in tea club at my school, and I wanted to ask her out, but I was worried that she would hate me if I wasn’t any good at preparing tea properly.”

“That’s a surprisingly lame problem.”

Without holding back, Akane said that with a bored expression on her face.

Even though it was a lie born from my desire to keep everything hidden from my cousin, I still found myself getting worked up over her dismissal.

“It’s important to me!” I shot back, “So, I need you to be my taste-tester. I’m going to make some tea, and I want you to tell me, honestly, how mediocre it is.”

“Sure thing. If that’s all it is, I have no problems lending a hand!”

“Didn’t you just say you’d shoulder any burden for my sake?”

“I was obviously lying. I’m not going to go to a public place and pretend to be your girlfriend just so you look better in front of your friends.”

“What kind of person do you take me for?”

“A sad sap who flirts with his cousin because he doesn’t have a girlfriend.”

“Didn’t I just say I was planning on asking a girl out?”

“Yeah, but that doesn’t mean anything. She could totally reject you. To someone who’s in a relationship already, hearing something like ‘I plan on asking someone out’ isn’t really all that impressive. I’m already one stage ahead of you.”

“Do you even have a boyfriend? I mean, no matter how you look at it, Takakuro Haru is a fake name!”

“I’m sure Takakuro-kun would say the same thing about his adorable girlfriend’s lame cousin’s name.”

Suddenly, I didn’t feel all that bad that I was about to drug my cousin with diuretic.

After we finished the dishes, my cousin went back into the living room, kneeling down at the table and waiting patiently for me to finish preparing the tea. I just prepared the tea normally, though I did take care to watch the timing more than I normally would. Afterwards, I removed the bottle of diuretic from my pocket, taking care not to let Akane see it, and I sprinkled a small amount into her cup.

The way I saw it, since there wasn’t any urgency in having my cousin become desperate, I could play it safe and use a small amount. Whatever her reaction to the diuretic, whether strong or weak, I could adjust the amount I give Sanae accordingly.

With two cups of tea in hand, taking care to remember the one on my right hand contained the diuretic, I walked over to Akane and set the tea down in front of her, before taking a seat across from her and placing my own cup down.

“Haru-nii,” Akane replied, looking rather underwhelmed, “In the first place, this is just normal tea, isn’t it?”

“You haven’t even tried it yet!” I argued, “Don’t tell me you’re the kind of person who thinks they can judge the quality of tea based on its color alone.”

“Well, it smells pretty normal too.”

“Just taste it already!”

“Fine, fine, but I doubt it’ll be anything spectacular…”

Akane then took a sip, and her whole face lit up.

“This… this tea is… this is really, really amazing!”

Akane then quickly drank the rest of her tea, slamming the tea cup down on the table and exhaling in content like a drunk person downing a beer in one go.

Skeptical, I drank my tea to see if it really was good, but it just seemed like normal, mundane tea to me.

Whatever had made Akane’s tea taste so good had to have been in the diuretic.

“There’s more, right?” Akane asked.

I had in fact made a whole tea pot, however, no matter how you looked at it, the tea in that tea pot was just your average tea made by a high school student who just took extra care in timing. There wasn’t anything special about it.

If I gave that to my cousin as-is, she’d realize rather quickly that I had put something in her first cup.

“Well, I made a whole pot, but I--”

I never got the opportunity to finish.

Akane was at the tea pot in the blink of an eye. It was alarming how fast she could move.

Actually, she was already pouring herself another cup.

Before I could try to stop her, she had begun chugging the cup of tea she had just poured.

I was worried that she’d burn her mouth, but she downed the second cup without complaining and let out a content sigh.

“Ah, so good! Forget about impressing that tea snob, you’ve impressed me, and I don’t even particularly care what my tea tastes like!”

That was odd.

I hadn’t prepared the tea specially except for her first cup, but she still seemed to think it was amazing.

Maybe that was a side-effect of the diuretic as well?

I would definitely have to ask Grimoire about it the next time I saw her.

Before I knew it, my cousin had completely finished the rest of the tea.

“Well, if you want my opinion as to whether your tea will impress her, I’ll say probably,” Akane replied, setting the tea cup down on the table, “But you know, trying to win over a girl who likes tea by making good tea is pretty shallow. I mean, doesn’t that give off the impression that the only thing you know about her is that she’s in the tea club?”

“Well, I suppose that’s true, but it’s really just to give me a starting point. I might not know a lot about her, but even if that’s the case, making good tea will give us something to talk about that I know she’ll be interested in. From there, the conversation can branch out before it becomes obvious that I only took interest in tea on a superficial level.”

“Hmm,” my cousin tilted her head back to look at me, “I suppose that could work on some people, but Haru-nii, isn’t that a little too manipulative?”

“I don’t really think so… I mean, it’s not like I’m pretending to be someone I’m not. I’m just making tea to break the ice between me and her.”

Besides, it wasn’t even like any of this was real. But if I didn’t play along, I would raise suspicion.

“That’s true, I suppose--” my cousin trailed off suddenly, and she frowned slightly. In the next moment, her eyes widened, and she shifted her weight on her feet, pressing her thighs together.

“A...ah,” she moaned, grabbing at the front of her skirt with one hand, “perhaps I drank too much…”

That hadn’t taken long at all.

“I’m going to the toilet,” Akane declared shamelessly, stepping back from the counter where she had chugged the rest of the tea and turning around. She hobbled past me in the living room and made her way into the hallway quickly. I turned my eyes to watch her leave, and the second she thought she was out of my line of sight I saw her jam her hands between her legs quickly.

With that knowledge, I could rest easy knowing that, even in a small amount like the one I gave Akane, the diuretic would work quickly enough to catch Sanae off-guard in the middle of class.

However, very suddenly, the front door was unlocked, and an older woman with silver hair darted into the house. She was wearing a blue blouse, a black dress skirt, and a white lab coat that made it clear she was a doctor.

That woman was Yakamoto Hatate. She was my mother’s younger sister. In other words, my aunt.

“I’m home!” She called out quickly. Dashing in with urgency as she made her way down the hallway my cousin disappeared down. I heard a yelp and a muffled “sorry” and the sound of a door closing.

When I approached the scene, I found my cousin sitting on the ground off to one side of the hallway, whimpering with both hands pressed between her legs.

The door to the toilet was just a few meters down, but it was closed.

“Haru… Haru-nii, help me up…” Akane asked.

I held my hand out to Akane and she gingerly removed one of her hands from between her legs and grabbed mine. Slowly, she tried to get up, letting out a few moans and squeaks as she struggled with her bladder. Eventually, she was standing, her hand pressed hard between her legs and her other rubbing her full bladder.

“What happened?” I asked, though I could probably figure out most of it from the scenario I had walked into.

“Mom just rushed past me and ran into the toilet before I could get there,” Akane replied. She then made her way towards the door to the toilet and knocked on it frantically.

“Mom, hurry up!”

“Sorry, Aka-chan! One thing led to another and I wasn’t able to go to the bathroom before leaving work. I’ll hurry up, I promise!”

Akane wriggled around in front of the closed door, whimpering and moaning as she danced from foot to foot. Given that we lived in a rather sizable home, there was naturally another toilet in the house, but it was down a rather long hallway that passed the kitchen, the baths, and my aunt’s bedroom. It was enough of a walk that Akane probably figured she’d be better off staying put and waiting.

Actually, from the looks of it, she wouldn’t be able to walk very quickly in her current state, so it probably was faster just to wait.

“I’m not gonna…” Akane muttered under her breath, bringing one of her knees up as she jammed both hands between her legs, “It’s definitely gonna leak…!”

Suddenly, the sound of a toilet flushing reached our ears, and Akane clenched both eyes shut. She planted both feet firmly on the ground and pressed her thighs together as she whimpered. That was then followed by the sound of rushing water as my aunt washed her hands.

Akane was shaking, shifting her weight from foot to foot as she squeezed her eyes shut and moaned.

Ordinarily, hearing the sound of someone washing their hands in the bathroom would mean that they would be out soon. However, Yakamoto was a doctor, so she took particular care to wash her hands properly every time. Even though it was relatively short to someone not on the verge of wetting themselves, the amount of time that took was probably torture for Akane.

After a few more seconds, the water shut off and the door to the toilet opened.

Yakamoto stepped out, looking refreshed.

“Sorry about the wait, Aka-cha--”

Before she could even finish her sentence, Akane dashed past her and slammed the bathroom door closed. Not two seconds later, a loud, shameless sigh of relief echoed through the otherwise silent hallway.

My aunt looked at me, and I merely shrugged in mock ignorance as to what had just occurred.

Satisfied with that, Yakamoto spoke, loud enough to be heard through the door, “Well, to be honest, I got paged back to the hospital the instant I arrived home. I wasn’t going to make it back to the hospital without wetting myself, so I came inside to use the toilet, but I have to leave again. Sorry, you two. Have a good night!”

With that, that woman who had seemingly appeared just as a convenient plot point walked swiftly down the hallway and out the door without another word.

A bit later, I heard the toilet flush again and the sound of running water as my cousin washed her hands. Then, the door opened and she stepped out into the hallway.

“That was dangerous,” Akane sighed, “I’m never chugging tea like that again… well, maybe it would’ve been better if I had gone to the bathroom after dinner, since I kind of needed to already.”

Wait.

Wait wait wait.

She already had to go?

If she needed to after dinner, then just how much of an effect did the diuretic actually have on her?

I’m sure it played some role, but how could I be sure how much if she was already holding it in?

That meant I have no idea if Sanae would react similarly to the same amount of diuretic or not.

“I’m just gonna have to wing it tomorrow and put in more, aren’t I?” I muttered under my breath.

“What was that?” my cousin asked, tilting her head to the side.

“Nothing, nothing,” I shook my head before noting, “Well, tea has diuretic properties, so you might want to be careful for the rest of the night.”

With that warning, I left my cousin standing in the hallway and began preparing for bed. Whether I was prepared or not, tomorrow I'd be confronting Sanae.

To Be Continued...
