Locked in the Coma Ward

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2020-12-15 01:30

Here's another commission story, this one from Foxlover! This story was a fun one to write, and I enjoyed writing it! It has elements of external bladder filling using catheters, so be warned.

###

Emily let out a heavy sigh as she glanced up at the clock. It was another long shift tonight. She really shouldn’t be complaining, all things considered. She was fortunate enough not to be one of the many nurses on the frontlines in the infectious disease ward or the ER, instead spending her long night shifts in the much more quiet and relaxed coma ward. Yet it often meant her shifts went by slowly. It wasn’t like she had nothing to do, the coma ward was very involved. Patients needed to be cleaned, bedsheets needed to be changed, catheters and full bags of urine needed to be replaced with fresh ones. There was a lot of nuance to the ward that most people who didn’t work there wouldn’t think about.

However, even with the busy work, her shifts here always seemed to crawl on by. Even now, she was sitting in the break room, bored out of her mind and wondering if there was something she could do. As she counted down the seconds until her break was over and she’d have to return to her dull busywork, she felt a slight nag in her bladder.

I guess I should go, huh?

Emily moved to get up, but then she paused as she placed a hand on her abdomen, judging her bladder’s fullness. She had to pee a bit, but it wasn’t urgent, and she couldn’t even feel her bladder bulging out. Unlike the busier wards of the hospital, nurses in the coma ward rarely found themselves so busy they had to hold it for extended periods of time. Emily herself remembered her life in the ER before she was transferred here. Long nights holding it to her absolute limit. Her breaks always started with a mad dash to the nearest staff restroom before she wet herself. She could still remember the rush of pleasure and relief upon finally peeing after hours of putting it off.

Perhaps, to make the night a bit more interesting, she’d try that again. Maybe not to the bladder-bursting extremes that she had been subjected to, but just enough to make things exciting. The good thing about the coma ward is that, if she decided the discomfort of a full bladder wasn’t worth the thrill and inevitable pleasure of relief, she could go pretty much any time she wanted.

As her break ended, Emily left and returned to the coma ward, passing by the staff bathrooms just outside the doors. Her bladder nagged her again and she ignored it, smiling to herself with excitement.

“Welcome back, Ems!” a sing-song voice called from the side. A tall, curvy woman with long, strawberry blonde hair sat at a desk in the nurse’s station, typing away as she filed some medical records.

“Hey Val!” Emily smiled back. Valerie was a recent transfer to the coma ward, but her and Emily had become fast friends. They were around the same age and had a lot in common, and Emily found her very easy to talk to. It helped that she looked nice as well. Her voluptuous form was a stark contrast to Emily’s more modest frame, and her own brown hair-- while shorter and easier to manage-- had nothing on Valerie’s flowing locks.

“Enjoy your break?” Valerie asked, smiling, though an odd expression flashed across her face.

“Yes,” Emily nodded, “though I practically fell asleep. You’re on break next, right?”

“Yeah, in 15 minutes,” Valerie confirmed, she leaned in, lowering her voice, “It can’t come fast enough. I’m bursting here, but you-know-who will flip if she catches me slipping off this close to my breaktime.”

Punctuating her point, Valerie was wriggling restlessly in her seat, and Emily could see the tell-tale signs of a bulge, not helped at all by the fact that Valerie liked to buy scrubs a little too small for her so they hugged her body and accentuated her curves. It was probably against some sort of dress code regulation, but not even their boss was enough of a stick in the mud to raise issues with it.

While not wanting to earn their boss’s ire by heading off to the bathroom now made sense, the fact that Valerie had let herself get so desperate was probably due to her own oversights. Valerie had recently transferred in from the infectious disease ward, and she was likely very used to putting her needs off for far longer than what was expected of her here.

“Anyway, you better get back to your post before she comes back and finds both of us slacking,” Valerie pointed out.

Emily nodded, “Yeah, good luck, and hang on!”

She felt a little bad. She had purposely put off going, and there her friend was, bursting for the same chance she just eschewed. Valerie had probably seen her come back from break and figured she was perfectly refreshed, Emily giving no indication that she had opted not to empty her bladder.

She returned to her own station, further back in the ward, and began organizing some medical records and files. It was mostly busywork so her boss wouldn’t see her slacking. There were a couple of patients who probably needed to be sponged down, she’d need to check on a few others, and due to the insanity going on in other wards of the hospital, the nurses here were often delegated to clerical tasks on their down time, to free up the other nurses for more urgent matters.

Speaking of urgent matters, Emily’s bladder sent her another signal of its fullness, and she rubbed her legs together briefly. She wondered how long she’d keep this up. Maybe she’d wait until she washed some of the patients, letting the sounds of water torture her as her full bladder nagged for release. Or maybe she’d change some catheters and urine bags, even as her own bladder begged for relief.

Emily blushed, wondering why the idea was getting her so hot and bothered, but she quickly pushed those ideas down, along with the actual urge to pee, and focused on her work. She typed away at the computer, unconsciously oscillating her spinning chair back and forth as she worked. She blazed through each file, documenting the doctor’s notes and each patient’s readings into their medical database. She managed to get through three of them before she was next interrupted.

“Oh, hey Emily, back from your break?” a voice called.

Emily looked over and spotted a girl approaching the desk. It was Claire. As usual, she fully looked the part of a punk rocker who’d been costume swapped with a proper nurse. Her short black hair had bright red highlights running through it, her lip and left eyebrow were sporting silver spike barbell piercings, and she was wearing dark red lipstick and black eyeshadow.

She was one of the younger nurses here, but while many would judge her based on her age and appearance, she was one of the most competent nurses in the ward. In fact, Emily was pretty sure she was smarter and more knowledgeable than some of the actual doctors here.

Emily nodded, “Yeah, I had a nice break. Have you taken your break yet?”

Claire shook her head as she sat down at the station across from Emily’s, grabbing her own stack of files, “Nah, I just got in a few hours ago, so mine’s not til much later.”

Emily nodded, then let out a sudden yawn before she could respond properly, “Oh sorry, I’m really tired tonight for some reason.”

“It’s cool, it is pretty late,” Claire replied matter-of-factly. For some reason, she never seemed tired, which seemed all-too appropriate. The nocturnal life seemed to suit Claire well.

Emily decided to stretch before returning to her work. She extended her arms upward and stretched her legs out underneath the desk. Just then, her bladder sent her another nag, and she tensed up as she quickly squeezed her thighs together. She looked over in panic, wondering if Claire had spotted her, but the diligent girl was already buried in her work.

Emily wondered if she should just go, but certainly the senior nurse wouldn’t be too happy if she caught her heading to the bathroom so soon after her break. Besides, there was actually a bit of excitement about not only having to pee, but also having to hide it from her coworkers, at least long enough for it not to seem suspicious, since most would assume she went during her break.

Suddenly, however, a brief alarm rang off, making Emily jump and tearing Claire from her focused, furious typing. The automatic doors swung shut, and loud clicks could be heard as the doors locked. Three chimes crackled out over the intercoms, meaning this was a hospital-wide announcement.

“Amber Alert! I repeat, this is an Amber Alert! An infant has gone missing from the west-wing infant nursery. All doors and emergency exits are to remain locked until the child has been recovered! A thorough search of each ward is to be conducted by hospital staff, following protocol. Outside of medical emergencies, only law enforcement officers are permitted to move between wards. Administration and senior staff are to ensure that everyone is following proper procedures to ensure the hospital continues to function to the best of its ability. We apologize for this inconvenience, and thank you for being patient as we work to resolve this emergency.”

“Well, that was unexpected,” Claire pointed out, “What kind of sick fuck-- pardon my French-- would steal a baby?”

“There are a number of reasons, but yeah, none of them are particularly good,” Emily replied, “I hope they find the baby soon. Kathrine’s probably on her way down right now to organize the search.”

As if on queue, another announcement, heralded by only one chime this time, sounded over the intercom, and the stern, impeccably professional voice of their boss announced, “All staff in the coma ward is to report to the main nurse’s station immediately for an emergency meeting.”

“There she is,” Claire replied.

The two didn’t need to move, since they were actually already at the main nurse’s station for the ward, so they merely sat on standby and waited as everyone else trickled in. Valerie showed up first, her gait somewhat awkward as she shuffled her way towards the desk. Emily flashed her an apologetic look, knowing of her predicament.

Shortly after, two other nurses showed up. The first was Lydia, a girl with long, black hair tied back into a low ponytail. She was pretty quiet and stoic, often not interacting much with the other staff. Emily didn’t think it was because of shyness, but it was hard to tell since she was pretty unreadable.

The other was Sarah. She was in her early 40s, though you couldn’t exactly tell at a glance, but unfortunately her beauty was only skin deep. She had a nasty, competitive, confrontational personality, and she acted like she was in charge whenever Katherine wasn’t in the room, despite her not actually having seniority or any actual authority over any of the other nurses. Katherine wasn’t fond of her either, but Sarah seemed to take Katherine’s warnings as personal challenges. She was very off-putting, and no one exactly liked her, Emily included.

That was every nurse in the ward, with the exception of Katherine. But before she showed up, one final face arrived at the desk, eyes half-lidded and expression still dazed from having just been woken up. He was one of the resident neurologists, a young doctor who couldn’t be any older than Emily, and looked to be around Claire’s age. The quiet, slow pace of the coma ward suited his laid-back, borderline lazy personality well, and despite the fact that he couldn’t have worked here longer than a year, Emily felt like he was more of a natural part of the coma ward than an actual employee.

“Hey Scott,” Claire smiled at him, and Emily allowed herself a small chuckle. It was painfully obvious that Claire had a thing for the resident doctor. The usually diligent and precise girl would get just that much more flustered and uncoordinated around him. Probably not enough that he noticed, but enough for Emily to pick up on it.

Sarah crossed her arms and tapped her foot impatiently, “Where’s Katherine? She called the meeting, and now she’s keeping us all waiting.”

No one answered, not wanting to feed Sarah’s vitriol towards their boss. As if on cue, however, the loud clack of heels on the tiled floor echoed down the hall, growing closer as their boss approached.

A woman in a blue business suit turned the corner and stepped into view. She was an immaculate example of a professional. Her long, dirty blonde hair was tied up in a bun, her sharp eyes dotted around behind oval glasses, scrutinizing the staff. Her suit was properly fitted and her skirt was neither short enough to be provocative nor long enough to look awkward. She walked up to the nurses station and clapped her hands to get everyone’s attention, an unnecessary action considering everyone had stopped what they were doing and turned to her the second she rounded the corner.

“Alright, listen up,” she began, “This is serious, so I want us to do this by the book. I’ll split you into pairs. One team searches this hallway’s patient rooms, another team searches the east hallway’s rooms, and the last team will do the supply room, storage, and the office. Once you’re all done, everyone report to me so I can report to administration. I want a full, thorough search. We don’t know the condition of the child, so they might not be able to make noise or move too much. Check anything small enough to hide an infant in. I know no one expects the child to be here, myself included, but I want to make absolutely sure. I will not have an infant’s death on my hands because we didn’t check a cabinet.”

“What about breaks?” Sarah asked, “I was supposed to go on break after Valerie got back, and she was supposed to be on break now.”

“Now really isn’t the time to be worrying about that,” Katherine answered back, her stern tone hiding thinly veiled irritation, “All breaks are to be postponed until after the ward has been thoroughly searched. After that, Valerie may take her break, and then you may take yours, like normal. Might I remind you all that this is an emergency situation.”

Valerie shuffled uncomfortably as she rubbed her thighs together, and Emily shot her another sympathetic look.

“Alright, I want Emily and Valerie together checking the east hallway, Claire and Scott together checking this hallway, and Sarah and Lydia together checking the offices. Any questions?”

Everyone shook their head, and satisfied, Katherine nodded.

“Alright! Let’s get going.”

The groups broke off and Emily headed to where Valerie was. Emily’s own need made itself known again, but that was nothing compared to the urgent situation Valerie was in.

“Sorry, hang in there!” Emily smiled apologetically, “Let’s get going! The sooner we can finish this up, the sooner you can go.”

Valerie flashed her a surprised, worried look, “Did you forget? The staff bathroom in this ward is out of order, so the only working bathrooms were the ones right outside the ward. But we’re on lockdown, so I can’t leave.”

Emily froze over in realization. It was true. The staff bathrooms had completely flooded a few weeks ago and they had to shut off the water. With hospital resources already stretched thin, fixing a single bathroom in one of the quieter wards wasn’t really a priority, so it had been locked up in a state of disrepair for a while.

If it had been any other ward, that wouldn’t have been a big deal. Most rooms had bathrooms in them for the patients. However, the coma ward had been constructed with cost savings in mind. Coma patients didn’t typically need bathrooms, and the visitors could use the very accessible public bathrooms right outside the ward, and the one staff bathroom was thought to be enough for the nurses and doctors working there.

“Oh shoot, you’re right,” Emily frowned, feeling her own full bladder. Suddenly, her decision to hold it was looking like a very bad idea.

“Well, either way, I’m gonna have to hold it one way or another until we’re done with this search,” Valerie noted, “So let’s get going.”

Ignoring their bladders, both her and Emily headed to the east hallway. The simplest thing would be to start at the far end and then work their way back, so they headed down to the final room and began the search. It was slow-going at first. Valerie was clearly distracted, and Emily was surprised at how many baby-sized places there were in the room of a coma patient. She was doing a relatively good job ignoring her bladder, especially compared to her obviously desperate friend, but bending over to look under and behind things would put an uncomfortable pressure on it, and she’d tense up her legs each time.

Surprisingly, however, they eventually got into a swing, and with each room they searched, they got faster and faster. However, Emily could not ignore Valerie’s clear discomfort. She was restless, even when searching. Hopping from foot to foot, squeezing her legs together and crossing them as she stood, and dancing around trying to hold back the flood. Emily could see her bulging bladder clearly even from across the room, and it was clear she was holding back quite a lot.

“Oh shit!” Valerie cursed, doubling over as she jammed her hands between her legs. She shuffled her legs frantically as she squeezed her eye shut, drawing in a sharp breath as she was struck with a wave of desperation. Emily’s own bladder spasmed sympathetically as she watched her friend struggle, but she fought back her own urges as she watched Valerie with concern.

After a few moments, she straightened up and turned to Emily, “Sorry, just nearly lost it there. Let’s hurry and hope Katherine has an idea for the whole no bathrooms thing.”

“Right!” Emily nodded, herself wanting to at least know what the game plan for that was. She wasn’t yet desperate, but her bladder was full enough that if the lockdown lasted for even just a few hours, she wasn’t going to last, and Valerie had even less time from the looks of it.

The two continued to search the east hall, making short work of the rest of the rooms. Valerie still couldn’t keep still for a moment, but she didn’t have any more close calls, and Emily herself was able to push back any urges to pee. Unsurprisingly, the missing infant did not magically show up in any of the coma patient’s rooms, and by the end of their search, they kind of felt like they had just needlessly wasted their time.

“Alright that’s the last place we need to check,” Emily replied.

“Oh thank god!” Valerie sighed in relief.

“Let’s head back to Katherine’s office. Hopefully the others are done now too.”

The two made their way to the administrative office, Valerie shuffling along desperately the whole way down. By the time they got there, Claire and Scott were already standing and chatting, with Claire red-faced and grinning like a schoolgirl at whatever Scott was saying. She was shuffling in place slightly too, and ordinarily Emily would’ve written it off as just nerves from talking to someone she clearly liked. However, with her having put off a trip to the bathroom and with Valerie’s desperation on her mind, she wondered if Claire was also feeling the effects of a full bladder.

It sounded like Katherine was talking on the phone to someone in her office, so they joined Claire and Scott in waiting, Valerie trying not to make her need super obvious even as she danced in place. Not too long after, Sarah and Lydia also arrived. Lydia looked drained, probably from being bossed around, and Sarah looked irritated, crossing her arms and tapping her foot as they waited for Katherine to be off the phone.

Luckily for her, and also Valerie, it didn’t take too long for Katherine to free herself up and emerge from her office. She looked around at the staff that had gathered and nodded.

“I presume given the lack of any squirming, crying infants that our ward’s clear?”

Everyone nodded in confirmation, and Katherine nodded to herself.

“I figured it was unlikely that any would-be kidnapper would hide themselves or the child in the coma ward, given how quiet it is. Still, you can never be too careful. I just got off the phone with the director. We won’t be allowed to open our ward up until all the wards have been searched, in case the kidnapper’s on the move. We don’t want them gaining access to an already searched ward and overlook them. Valerie, you’ll have to take your break here, and you too, Sarah, if the lockdown lasts that long.”

“Um,” Valerie spoke up, “I actually had a bit of a question. What are we supposed to do about the bathroom?”

Katherine paused, and her eyes lit up as if she just realized there were no bathrooms in the ward proper, with the only one they had access to being out of order. She furrowed her brow, as if trying to think of a solution, but then she shook her head.

“I’m terribly sorry, but there’s nothing I can do about that. You’ll all have to wait until lockdown is over.”

“What?” Sarah asked, the most irritated out of all of them, “That’s ridiculous.”

Katherine shook her head, “Sorry, but we’re on lockdown, so we can’t leave the ward. I wouldn’t even have authorization to unlock the doors even if I wanted to break protocol, which I don’t. The best I can do would be to give you all authorization to use the medical supplies in the storage room.”

“But we don’t have any bedpans in there,” Claire pointed out, “And we’re running low on catheter bags, last I checked. Not that I think any of us would want to use a catheter anyway.”

Katherine lowered her stern, professional facade for a moment and flashed everyone an apologetic look, “I know, I’m really sorry, but my hands are tied too. I can’t exactly do anything about it. I’ll have to ask everyone to return to work, we’re going to try to maintain operations as much as possible in this state. Obviously that doesn’t include you, Valerie, you can take your break.”

Everyone, with the exception of Scott, who was wearing the same dull, laid-back expression he always had, glanced around worriedly as they all parted ways. Emily herself was starting to grow concerned. Certainly she could hold out for a bit, but she was really regretting not going to the bathroom when she had the chance.

Valerie, on the other hand, did not look thrilled, as she left the room behind Emily, she immediately doubled over and danced in pace.

“Oh fuck oh fuck, Ems, I really… I really can’t hold it anymore, what should I do?”

“Maybe you can find something in the storage room, like something to pee into,” Emily suggested, “I can even help you look.”

Emily didn’t also want to admit that she wanted to find out if there was something she could pee into. Best case scenario was that they found something, and Valerie could finally pee and Emily could take the opportunity to relieve herself too. Worst case, they didn’t find anything, and Valerie would have an accident. Emily hoped, for Valerie’s sake as well as her own, that that second one didn’t happen.

They made their way into the storage room, looking around for anything Valerie to use. At first Emily hoped they’d find a spare bedpan tucked away somewhere, but much like Claire said earlier, there weren’t any. Likewise, there weren’t any catheter bags left in the storage room either. There were plenty of catheters, and even a few bladder pumps, either for when patients needed help emptying their bladders or for when they needed to fill a patient’s bladder, mostly for ultrasound purposes. Yet there wasn’t a single container where Valerie could relieve herself into.

“Sorry, Val,” Emily frowned, “It doesn’t look like there’s anything here.”

“Shit, Ems,” Valerie was on the verge of tears, holding all her pent-up urine in, “I’m literally about to wet myself here!”

Suddenly, an insane idea struck Emily, and she paused, wondering if she was really crazy enough to even suggest it. She glanced back at the catheters and the bladder pumps, and then to her squirming friend who truly looked to be ready to wet herself right there.

“Hey, Val, this is gonna sound crazy, but maybe we can use these and I can… help you hold it.”

Valerie looked at Emily and at the catheters and pump she had in her hands. Realization dawned on her face and her eyes grew wide.

“Wait, you don’t mean you’re literally going to pump all my urine into you?”

“Not all,” Emily shook her head, “You’re full to bursting there, and all that would do is make me wet myself instead. But I could probably take some of it and we can both make it out of this dry.”

“That’s crazy,” Valerie pointed out.

“It is, but I don’t see another option here,” Emily replied.

Valerie gave one last look around as though she were searching for something, anything else to use, but she was then struck with another strong wave of desperation and doubled over, jamming both hands between her legs.

“F-fine, let’s hurry!”

The two dropped their bottoms and Emily got to work preparing the catheters as Valerie danced desperately. With no small amount of discomfort, Emily worked the catheter into her first, and felt her full bladder trying to push her urine out through the still-closed tube. She then helped Valierie with her end, no small feat considering how desperate her friend was, and finally the two hooked up the pump.

“R-ready?” Emily asked, the catheter inside of her only heightening her own need.

“Y-yeah,” Valerie nodded, her face bright red.

Emily switched on the pump and winced as she felt it fight against her bladder, pushing Valerie’s urine into her. Valerie moaned in relief as her pent-up flood flowed out of her bulging bladder and into Emily. Emily’s desperation increased ten-fold as she felt her own bladder grow and distend, not expecting such a sharp influx of new fluid.

As the two were sorting themselves out, however, the door to the storeroom opened, and Claire stepped in. She caught the two in their compromising position, and as her eyes darted from Valerie to Emily to the catheters and pumps between them, her face lit up like a christmas tree and she gave a meek “S-sorry!” and rushed back out of the room.

Before Emily could fully register her embarrassment, though, her bladder quivered, and she looked over at Valerie. Her bulging bladder had all but vanished, and Emily herself was starting to get quite full.

“O-okay, that’s all I can take,” Emily replied, switching off the pump, “Do you think you can hold it now?”

“Y-yes,” Valerie nodded, “I’m still pretty full, but I was seriously on the verge of pissing myself earlier. I feel much better now. I can hold this.”

“Good,” Emily nodded, “Now to take these out. Get ready. It’d be a shame if, after all the effort we put in, we both wound up wetting ourselves anyway.”

Emily slowly removed Valerie’s catheter and she clamped down, letting out the smallest of spurts before she pulled up her pants and rubbed her abdomen. Emily herself did the same, slowly pulling the catheter out of her and clamping her muscles down as soon as it was free before she let out all the urine she had just pumped into herself.

She let out a desperate moan as her bladder screamed for release, but the wave passed and soon the two were cleaning up and getting ready to head back to their stations.

“I’ve still got about fifteen minutes left on my break, so I’ll keep trying to look for something to properly relieve myself,” Valerie replied, “If I find anything, I’ll let you know immediately.”

“Thank you,” Emily nodded. She had been feeling pretty full even before she offered to help Valerie, and now that she had even more pee inside her, she was definitely feeling desperate. Even if she kept holding it, she wanted to at least know she had the option to go.

The two made their way out of the room and Emily looked around for Claire, but she was nowhere to be seen. Whatever she had come into the storeroom for, she obviously didn’t need it enough to wait outside for them to be done. Valerie headed off somewhere and Emily returned to the main nurse’s station where she had been doing paperwork. Claire had seemingly already finished her own stack, but Emily’s was only half-finished. Emily sat down and crossed her legs, enjoying the brief relief sitting down and holding it without having to walk earned her.

She got back to work, typing away and trying to ignore her full bladder. It was much harder than it had been before, and she sincerely hoped Valerie would come swooping in with something they could use to pee into. Unfortunately, as the time on Valerie’s break ticked away, she was nowhere to be seen.

Another spasm struck Emily and she stopped typing briefly, jamming her hands between her legs. The desperation passed quickly, but she was finding it harder and harder to concentrate and push her need to the back of her mind.

Damn, I really should’ve gone before the end of my break! I wish I had known we’d get locked in!

Still, Emily didn’t want to dwell on that too much. Hindsight was 20/20, and it wasn’t like regretting her decision now was going to help her hold it until the end of lockdown. Instead, she buckled down, squeezed her thighs together, and continued working, hoping the paperwork would get her mind off of her need to pee, at least until she was done.

Surprisingly, it worked, for the most part. Aside from the occasional pause where she had to hold herself or readjust her position to try to take pressure off her full bladder, she was able to get most of her work done while pushing back her desperation to the back of her mind. She was just finishing up when she had to stop again, crossing her legs desperately as she clamped down on her crotch. Before she got back to work, she heard the sounds of her boss’s footsteps.

Katherine rounded the corner and, upon seeing Emily, headed straight for the nurse’s station.

“Emily, would you mind helping Lydia make her rounds? She and Sarah were supposed to tend to the patients in the east hall, but Sarah was stubborn and wouldn’t wait to go on break even when I asked her to.”

“Sure thing, I’ll just finish this up really quick, I’m on the last file, shouldn’t take me more than a couple minutes.”

Katherine nodded, “Perfect, thank you. I know we’re on lockdown, but we’re expected to keep things running as much as possible.”

She turned around and walked away, and Emily thought she seemed a little off, but she couldn’t quite put her finger on it. If anything it might just be the stress of the lockdown getting to her. She was probably talking with hospital administration about any number of things.

Emily stood up to go find Lydia and immediately regretted it. Her bladder screamed at her and she jammed both of her hands between her legs, squeezing her legs together and dancing desperately in place as she tried not to leak. The wave passed, but she found walking was very uncomfortable, her bladder jostling in her abdomen with each step.

She found Lydia starting to tend to one of the patients in the east hall, and entered the room to help her. Patients needed to be washed regularly and their sheets needed to be changed. They also needed to be repositioned so sores wouldn’t develop from lying down for so long, they needed to be monitored for any problems, and care needed to be taken that clots didn’t form in their legs from remaining immobile. Lydia was in the middle of sponging down the patient, and Emily found herself cursing mentally. Just earlier she was fantasizing about the excitement of having to hold it while splashing a bunch of water around, but now the sounds of it coupled with her full bladder felt like torture.

For what it was worth, Lydia also looked slightly uncomfortable, shuffling from leg to leg as she bathed the comatose patient.

The patient was named Elizabeth, a girl in her mid twenties that had been in a near-fatal car accident and lost a lot of blood. The coma ward was usually a really lonely place. Over time, people would make less and less trips to visit the patients here as they lost hope of them ever waking up. This girl was different, though. Even now there were fresh flowers in the vase on the table next to her bed, placed there by her boyfriend, who’d visit at least twice, maybe three times a week. He’d talk to her like she could hear him, eagerly regaling her with tales of his work day, and talking about all the amazing things they could do when she finally woke up. It didn’t matter at all to him that the chances of her ever waking up were in the single digits, and dropping each day she didn’t.

Emily wasn’t sure if that made it worse or better.

She joined Lydia in helping her sponge the patient down, ignoring her own desperation and focusing on Lydia’s. Her fellow nurse hadn’t said anything about it, but it was obvious that she had to pee pretty badly. Emily briefly wondered if her own need was so obvious, but she figured at the very least she was keeping herself more composed. Lydia knees buckled every time she had to wring out the sponge, and she bit her bottom lip every time the sound of water splashing off of the patient and into the basin beneath them got to her.

Emily was grateful once they were done. She helped Lydia change the sheets and redress Elizabeth, and they lowered her back down onto the bed, hooking her back up to the various monitors.

With that, the two moved slowly on. It was torture bathing some of the patients, and Emily was really feeling the effects of all the extra urine inside of her. But as bad of a state as she was in, it didn’t pale in comparison to Lydia. She was dancing around, unable to sit still, and it got to the point where she would visibly wince every time she so much as touched the water. Emily wasn’t sure if Lydia would make it through all the patients dry at this rate.

While washing another one of the patients, an older man, Emily noticed a nasty rash near his IV injection site.

“Oh, yikes, looks like Stephen has an infection,” she frowned, “We should change his injection site and put him on some antibiotics as soon as lockdown is over.”

Lydia nodded, “Y-yeah.”

Once they finished bathing him and changing his sheets, Emily took his temperature as Lydia shuffled off to grab supplies. Sure enough, he had a fever. It wasn’t urgent enough that they needed to alert Katherine, but Emily made a mental note to grab some broad-spectrum antibiotics from the hospital’s pharmacy as soon as lockdown was over. Or at the very least after a much-needed trip to the restroom.

Lydia returned, shuffling back and handing the supplies to Emily. Emily worked quickly removing the old line and cleaning up the site, but when she moved to his other arm, she had a significant amount of trouble trying to find his vein.

“Ah, Lydia, this guy’s veins are invisible I swear,” Emily frowned, “Can you help me with this? You’re always the best at finding veins.”

Lydia looked down and frowned, “I’m… I’m sorry, I don’t… I don’t think I can. In truth, I really gotta pee. I’m bursting here. I don’t think I can sit still long enough to help. S-sorry.”

Emily struggled a bit trying to find the vein before she bit her lip. She knew Lydia didn’t have much longer to hold it anyway, and she really needed her help. The only solution she could think of came back up, but Emily wasn’t sure how good of an idea that was considering she was also feeling quite desperate. She debated a few moments longer, but as she watched Lydia struggle and squirm, she knew she had to act fast or Lydia wouldn’t even make it to the storeroom.

“H-hey, so,” Emily blushed, “I really need your help with this, and I doubt you’ll last much longer, I think I have an idea. I actually already helped Val out with this earlier.”

Emily explained her idea and Lydia’s face lit up like a christmas tree. She squirmed around, clearly weighing her options, but in the end her swollen bladder won out over her embarrassment.

“F-fine, but just enough so that I’m not on the verge of wetting myself. I doubt you can take all of this anyway.”

“Yeah, I’ll stop it before it gets too much,” Emily replied.

The two made their way back to the storage room, and on their way in, they saw Claire and Scott heading out of the storeroom together, with Claire blushing madly. At first Emily thought the two had finally hooked up and had sex in the storeroom, but then her eyes landed on Claire’s bulging bladder. Claire clearly was holding onto a lot, and Emily doubted the two had sex if she was that full.

The two parted ways and Claire refused to meet Emily’s inquisitive gaze, instead beelining it back towards the nurse’s station. Scott sauntered off somewhere himself, leaving Lydia and Emily alone to use the storeroom. Having done it once with Valerie, Emily made quick work of the setup, trying to make it before Lydia straight-up wet herself on the floor of the storeroom.

“Okay, here I go,” Emily replied, turning on the pump. She felt her bladder yell in protest as the foreign urine flooded in, and she bit her lip and gripped her thighs as the pressure built up. Last time it hadn’t been pleasant either, but this time there was so much extra pressure Emily was almost sure that if she didn’t have a catheter in, she’d be pissing herself.

Lydia let out a sigh of relief as the contents of her bladder were transferred into Emily’s. She was certainly holding back a lot. With her bottoms down, Emily could see the swollen bump on her abdomen where her bladder sat. Emily wanted to give her as much relief as possible, but her own bladder was filling up fast, and she didn’t want to get to the point where she couldn’t hold it herself anymore.

“I’m… I’m gonna need to stop it,” Emily warned Lydia.

“No no, please, just a little bit more!” Lydia begged.

Against her better judgement, Emily obliged, giving her a few more seconds of relief, but then she switched off the pump. Removing the catheters was much more of an ordeal since both were still much fuller than when she and Valerie had done the same thing, and Lydia even let out a few errant spurts before she was able to get it under control. Emily managed to stay dry somehow, and she quickly cleaned up and took care of the used catheters again.

“Okay, I hope you’re feeling better,” Emily replied.

“Much, thanks so much. Are you gonna be okay?” Lydia asked, pointing to the obvious bulge Emily was now sporting.

“I’ll manage, I have to pee pretty bad, but I’m not on the verge of wetting myself yet,” Emily admitted.

The walk back to Stephen’s room was awful. Emily’s bladder hadn’t yet gotten used to the new volume of fluid inside of her, so she struggled to walk straight as she followed Lydia back. Lydia helped with the IV, and the two headed to the next room.

Everything was so much worse now that Emily’s bladder was more full. Sponging down the patients was torture, with the sounds and feeling of the water driving her crazy. She could barely focus on anything but her desperation, even as she helped Lydia tend to the patients and change their bedding. Bending over to help with that was agony, and Emily began looking around for anything else they could use to properly relieve themselves. The wash basins were no good. They only had one and they needed to be kept clean for the patients. The handwashing station did have a drain, disposing urine down it was strictly prohibited, and if the two were caught, Katherine would certainly have something to say about it. There weren’t any bedpans around the ward either, most of them having been snatched by nurses from the other wards where they were needed more frequently.

The more rooms she scanned as they were tending to the patients, searching for any alternatives, the worse the prospects got, and as much as she hated to admit it, it looked like they would just have to keep holding until the lockdown was over.

With immense difficulty, Emily finally finished helping Lydia with the patients, and the two were sent hobbling down the halls back to the nurse’s station. Emily would have to write a report for Stephen’s infection, and Lydia had some medical records to file. On there way there, they passed by Sarah and Valerie, who were helping their own set of patients. Both of them looked worse for wear as well, with Valerie dancing around, nearly back to her heights of desperation from before, and Sarah shuffling uncomfortably. It gave the impression that everyone in the ward had to pee.

The two sat down and Emily let out a light sigh, finding it much easier to hold it while sitting down. Still, she was much more restless than earlier before she had helped Lydia, and she honestly wasn’t sure she’d be able to keep holding it if the lockdown was going to last much longer.

Still, in spite of her desperation, she had work to do. The turned her attention to the computer and began typing out the report of Stephen’s rash and infection. It was slow-going, though. Every few minutes she was forced to stop and focus on holding it, and she was really getting desperate.

As she typed, squirming in her seat and doing her best to ignore the mounting pressure in her abdomen, she heard unsteady footsteps quickly hobbling towards the nurse’s station. She looked up and spotted Claire, a hand jammed between her legs, making her way towards the nurse’s station.

“H-hey, Emily, do you mind helping me with something for a second?”

Emily really didn’t want to stand up, but she didn’t have a reason to say no, and she felt really bad watching Claire dance around desperately as she waited for her response.

“Sure,” Emily nodded. She carefully prepared to stand up, getting up slowly as to not put pressure on her full bladder. A wave of desperation washed over her and she gripped the arm of her chair as she tensed her legs up so she wouldn’t leak.

As soon as the wave passed, she followed Claire and the two hobbled their way around the corner, just out of earshot of the nurse’s station. The second they did so, Claire whirled around, jamming both hands between her legs and nearly doubling over.

“Emily, I’m about to wet myself,” she cried in a hushed whisper, “Please, I know it’s a lot to ask, but… that thing I saw you doing with Valerie, can you do it for me?”

Emily felt her own swollen bladder. She was pretty desperate herself, and she didn’t think she could take much more.

“I’m… I’m sorry, I’m also quite full,” Emily answered honestly, placing a hand on her full bladder and showing Claire the bulge. Claire’s knees buckled as she drew in a sharp breath. She was in pretty bad shape.

“Please,” she begged, “Just a little. Any amount is fine, I seriously can’t hold it anymore!”

“I really can’t-”

Claire gripped Emily’s arm, “Please! Listen, I… I know I shouldn’t have, but I helped Scott the same way you helped Valerie. I mean, he seemed like he was really uncomfortable so I offered. I just wanted to make him feel better. I know you know I really like him, so… I wasn’t thinking straight, and took all of it.”

“All of it?” Emily exclaimed.

Claire nodded, lifting up her scrubs and revealing a seriously swollen bladder.

“I’m seriously about to burst here, and if I wet myself after helping Scott like that... “ she paused, lowering her shirt and jamming her hands back between her legs, “Listen, I really can’t hold it! It’s gonna come out!”

Emily felt exceedingly bad for Claire, and in truth, she did want Claire and Scott to wind up together. Scott didn’t wear his emotions on his sleeve like Claire, so it was hard to get a read out of him, but from what she had observed, he certainly was closer to Claire than anyone else. Certainly close enough to be comfortable partially undressing in front of her, even if it was for the purpose of getting relief.

Emily wasn’t in a position to take any more urine, but in spite of that, she let out a heavy sigh and gave in.

“F-fine, but just enough that you won’t immediately wet yourself. You’ll still have to bear with it until lockdown’s over,” Emily replied.

Claire nodded and the two rushed as quickly as their unsteady steps could take them to the storage room. Claire was eager to drop her bottoms, flashing Emily with her panties, the crotch already soaked through. Emily herself wanted to hurry and get this over with. The last thing she needed was anyone else catching them.

For the third time that night, Emily got them set up, and soon the machine was pumping Claire’s urine into her body. The pressure was once again unbearable, but she put up with it as she watched Claire bask in the relief, throwing her head back. Given her near-orgasmic moan of relief, and her soaked panties, she must’ve been on the verge of wetting herself.

It didn’t take long for Emily to get to the point where she was worried she’d go past her limits, and she reached for the off switch. Claire’s relief be damned, she couldn’t take any more. However, just as she went to switch the machine off, the door opened and Katherine rushed into the storeroom. Emily had never seen her boss looking so uncomposed or disheveled. Her collar was crooked and her business skirt was partially unzipped. She had both hands jammed between her legs, and she was dancing in place profusely, clearly desperate.

She caught the eyes of the two other occupants, and quickly realized what the two were doing. She quickly looked away, continuing to shuffle desperately as she faced the door, but she did not leave.

Emily felt her bladder spasm in protest and she realize she hadn’t switched off the pump yet. She quickly flipped it and Claire let out a brief shudder as she felt the relief end abruptly. Emily herself had taken on quite a bit more than she had anticipated, and she was seriously wondering if she was even going to be able to get the catheter out without wetting herself.

“You two,” Katherine spoke in a disapproving tone, trying to sound as professional as possible even as she performed a desperate pee dance before them, “That’s highly inappropriate use of hospital supplies and equipment.”

“I thought you said we could use whatever, I was seriously about to wet myself,” Claire pointed out.

“Y-yes, I did say that, but still, hospital regulations don’t approve… that kind of use for them. Who’s idea was this?”

Claire was about to raise her hand, but Emily spoke first, “It was mine. I was the first person to come up with this.”

“Very well. Claire, you’re excused,” Katherine replied, “Emily, you stay here, and don’t remove your catheter just yet.”

Emily was more than happy to oblige. The catheter was sealed off and even though she felt pressure mounting in her system, she didn’t think she was going to leak until she tried to remove it.

The second Claire left the room, Katherine bolted over to Emily, “Let me use you too. I’m wetting myself here. I really can’t hold it anymore.”

“I really can’t… take anymore in me, I’ll seriously wet myself,” Emily replied.

“T-that’s not my problem. You came up with this crazy idea, and unless you want an official write-up, you’ll do as I say.”

This wasn’t like Katherine at all. She’d never abuse her powers like this. She must really be on the verge of wetting herself. Katherine didn’t wait for a response, instead reaching for one of the unused catheters and preparing it. With a few leaks and a clear expression of discomfort, she coached it up her urethra and hooked it into the end of the pump that Emily still had connected to her own catheter.

Katherine switched on the pump herself, and Emily let out a whimper as Katherine’’s urine flooded out of her. With her tighter business suit, Emily could clearly see the bulge jutting out from Katherine’s abdomen. She had a lot, and Emily wasn’t even sure if Katherine would let her stop even if she begged.

Feeling the pressure grow more and more, Emily let out moan after moan of desperation as she wriggled in place. She could feel her bladder distending to uncomfortably full levels. With all the pee inside of her, she would be surprised if she could get the catheter out dry, let alone hold it until the lockdown ended.

“P-Please, stop, no more, I can’t,” Emily cried.

Katherine wasn’t listening anymore, though. She merely continued letting the pump drain her swollen bladder’s contents into Emily, until her bulge had significantly reduced in size. Only then did she finally stop the pump, and with great care she removed her own catheter and clamped her hand down before any leaks could escape.

“I’m terribly sorry, I wasn’t actually going to write you up if you had said no, I just really, really had to go.”

Emily wasn’t paying attention. She couldn’t. The sudden influx of urine from both Claire and Katherine was too much. Her bladder was screaming at her for relief, and she didn’t think she could move, let alone remove her catheter and continue with her duties here.

I… I gotta… I need to pee so bad!

“I’ll let you stay in here to sort yourself out. You can take a fifteen,” Katherine replied, “I appreciate you letting me relieve myself a little, so I’ll do at least that much.”

Emily nodded, still trying to fight back the wave of pressure and desperation, and heard Katherine leave. Finally, she was able to right herself, and slowly slide the catheter out of her. The second it did, she let out a spurt that spattered onto the floor, and she tensed her whole body, shaking in the effort to stop the flow. By some miracle she managed, clamping down on her crotch and stopping any more leaks. Still, every movement was agony, and as she cleaned up herself and the floor, she could feel every movement send waves of pressure through her bladder.

Somehow, she managed to hold it as she finished taking care of the used catheters, but as she fixed her clothes and left the storeroom, she let another leak out, and was forced to jam both hands between her legs. The pressure was too much. She wasn’t sure how she’d make it back even to the nurse’s station, let alone sit there and hold it for who knew how long. Maybe if she found Valerie, she could explain what happened and try to get her to at least alleviate some of her now monstrous desperation, but she doubt between the two of them it would help any.

No… I’m at my limit! I can’t… I really can’t hold it!

With her thighs clamped together and both hands between her legs, she slowly staggered towards the nurse’s station, each step nearly causing her to lose it. She let out another leak and her panties were now in a similar shape to Claire’s. She wouldn’t be surprised, given how desperate everyone was, if everyone’s panties were in similar states..

Breathing heavily as she trudged along, all she wanted to do was for lockdown to be over so she could pee into a proper toilet. She just barely made it to the nurse’s station as it was, unsteadily making her way back towards her computer. She looked at the screen, but her eyes refused to focus on it.

Lydia, who was still squirming desperately in her seat behind her, turned around.

“Yikes, Emily, what happened? You look almost pregnant there.”

“Pee… so much… Claire just wanted me to take a little, but Katherine caught us, and she needed to… she made me take way more. Can’t… can’t hold it.”

“Oh geez,” Lydia frowned, “I’m really sorry. Do you think it’ll help if I take any back? I really don’t want to but you look much worse than me right now.”

Emily wanted to say yes, but to be honest, she wasn’t even sure if she’d make it back to the storeroom in this state. It was all she could do to stay seated and keep herself as dry as possible. She didn’t think walking was going to work anymore.

Suddenly, the overhead sound system crackled to life, and Emily let out a spurt in surprise. She clamped down, and in the back of her mind, focused on the announcement. Apparently, the child had been found, and the lockdown was over.

“That’s a relief, we can finally go!” Lydia leapt up, and Emily could hear the sounds of Sarah and Valerie shuffling out of their rooms and also beelining it to the bathroom. Claire bolted in her mad rush to make it as well.

“Come on, Emily! You need relief more than I do right now!”

It was true, but there was no way Emily was going to make it, and she knew it. She stood up in spite of this, letting out a long, hot spurt out into her panties. The leak quickly soaked through and showed up as a wet spot on her scrub’s pants, and she tensed her body up trying to hold on. She let out a moan and took a few more unsteady steps in the direction of the bathroom, but it was a fruitless effort. She dribbled a little with each step, and she wasn’t five steps down the hall before she was letting out full on leaks every time her foot hit the ground.

She was at her limit, and the insane flood she was keeping pent up inside her would be held back no more. Her legs buckled underneath her as she burst, pee erupting from between her legs and spattering onto the ground. Her panties and not even her scrub’s pants did anything to stop the high pressure stream from spraying out of her and splashing loudly on the ground beneath her. Lydia’s own legs buckled as she heard Emily’s accident, and she rushed off before she joined in on Emily’s unplanned relief.

Emily let out a loud, orgasmic moan as the insane pressure in her abdomen relieved herself. She threw her head back and let out hot, ragged breaths as she pissed herself. Pee continued to stream down, soaking her pants fully and pooling in the growing river, and yet even as she kept peeing, if felt like the insane pressure inside of her was only just beginning to lessen.

Halfway through, the sheer pleasure and haze of her relief subsided, being replaced with embarrassment, and she made a few half-hearted attempts to stem the flow so she could get at least half of it into the toilet down the hall. However, her taxed bladder was having none of it, and she resigned to simply pee there.

Finally, after what felt like ages, her high pressure flow began to taper off, and she was no longer peeing full force. Eventually, it stemmed to a trickle, and then a couple of drops as her bladder finally emptied itself fully.

“Oh, oh my,” Katherine spoke from behind her. At some point during her accident, the woman had apparently arrived in the hallway, likely also on her way to the bathroom.

Emily turned around, seeing her boss looking at her disapprovingly, and at first she wanted to cry. However, then Katherine’s expression softened to a sympathetic look, “I’m sorry, this is my fault, isn’t it? I shouldn’t have made you take so much from me.”

She leaned in, Hugging Emily while taking care not to touch her soaked pants.

“Honestly I wasn’t thinking straight. I was really desperate and… honestly, a little aroused after seeing what you and Claire were doing,” Katherine admitted, “But I took advantage of you and used my position of authority over you inappropriately. That was unprofessional of me. For that, I’m deeply sorry.”

“I’m… I’m not mad, I knew that wasn’t like you, I just... I just couldn’t hold all of that in anymore,” Emily noted, still sounding on the verge of tears.

“It’s okay. The lockdown was stressful on everyone, it’s not your fault this happened. I’ll get a janitor on this. Go get yourself cleaned up down at the showers, then meet me back up in my office. I’ll make all this up to you, okay? I am really sorry, once again,” ” Katherine replied, speaking in a soft, sultry voice towards the end.

Emily nodded, and as she started heading down to the showers, she turned her head and watched Katherine. She wasn’t sure what her boss meant by making it up to her, but it was clear Katherine had a hidden side that she often didn’t show others. She wondered if she saw some of that tonight, and if she’d see more of it in the future.

Now that she felt better, Emily reflected upon the lockdown, and her decision to hold it at first. She hadn’t ever expected it to turn into a full-blown accident, but in the end she had ultimately accomplished what she initially set out to do. She made the night much more exciting, and she had definitely gotten a taste of that orgasmic relief you could normally only achieve by holding it at the limit for hours on end. Even though at the end it was almost agonizing just holding it, overall she didn’t have a bad time, and the residual, tingling relief she still felt was well worth it.

She would definitely have to experiment with this a little more, but maybe she’d wait until they had working bathrooms in the ward next time, in case of another lockdown.

- The End -

