Secretly Female - Page 2

Author: redlaw

*025*2021-12-30 17:46

I haven't really explained much of the religious side of the world yet, but Kritie wasn't using magic, she was using a gift from her deity that is non-magical in nature. 

You can assume that most of the girls were in a similar situation to Holly, though there is another reason for some of them that will be mentioned in the future. 

I'll admit that I didn't think about Miss White when I considered the school's toilet situation, but let's say that she uses the administration block toilet if it's free, like usually at some point during lunchtime, but at times when she can't find the opportunity, there's always a bedpan available... 

To the students in the school, Holly is undoubtedly effeminate, but not to the point where anyone is prepared to say "hey, you're actually a girl". Speaking as someone who went to a boy's school, I find that people are generally happy to assume that someone belongs unless they have a good reason to believe that they don't, and Holly is unconsciously relying on that to some extent. I might deal with her being bullied for her effeminateness later on, if I can find a way to put it that complicates her routine but doesn't feel excessively unpleasant. I don't really want to make Holly suffer in this story, just embarrass and challenge her. 

The plan at the moment, technology-wise, is to treat the world as roughly modern. I may make specific exceptions later on whenever I need to, but when I describe cars or other electronic devices, it's reasonable to assume that they're the same sort you're familiar with from the modern day. 

*026*2021-12-30 18:18

Oh, I missed one, about the smell of Holly's urine: 

To an extent, this is just a matter of everyone's smelling a bit different, and "floral" describes hers to some level of accuracy. It's not supposed to imply anything particularly special, except that her urine has more of an overpoweringly musty smell, similar to the sort of smell that tends to underlie flower smells, than the sort of acrid acidic smell that urine can also have. It's difficult to describe smells - it's not actually supposed to smell sweet like a rose or anything. There's presumably some pheromone stuff going on with those guys in chapter one though, which causes them to find it particularly pleasant. 

*027*2021-12-30 19:34

Also, in thinking about Miss White, I was going to point out that the infirmary is very close to the administration block toilet and that she could probably just pop out quickly during lesson times (since she doesn't teach) if she needed to go, but then I realised the map had been incorrectly labeled so that wasn't clear. That has now been fixed, and I also worked out how to embed it in the post, so I've done that where I think it's most relevant. Whether that means that Miss White would now be prepared to pop out during lesson times, or whether she's too dutiful, is another matter - one I will leave unanswered for now. 


*029*2022-03-01 23:21

Man, this took forever. I wanted to try to show how Holly's urgency developed naturally over the day and try to make it slowly worsen as she continued with her lesson, but it turns out a lot of stuff can happen in a few hours, and writing about all of it in an appreciable amount of detail just takes so long. I'm done, but I'm not really happy with how it finished as I ended up just wanting to rush to the end rather than making it as good as I possibly could. Also, trying to weave both plot and desperation together turned out quite challenging, and I'm not sure if I struck the right balance. 

This marks the biggest plot point Holly will encounter today, and I'll probably finish off her day with a few shorter stories and more time skips, describing some of the situations that end up with her actually using the various kinds toilets she's encountered thus far. After that, I have a bit more story to tell, but it'll be over a few days and I think I'll get most of it out of the way by describing some letters between her and her family, and maybe a part of a day including a desperation scene if I get around to it. After that, I'll be ready to start writing some of the stories that occur later during her school life that I've been planning since I started this. I also have an idea for an alternate universe version where the school knows she's a girl but have made a special exemption to allow her to attend - this will allow me to tell some of the stories that I'm struggling to fit into this framework, and I'll probably do that with a bare-bones introduction and launch straight into the isolated event stories if I do that. 

Anyway, here is chapter 3 part 2: 

###

Returning to the canteen, this time she found her fellow yellow-patched Ea students lining up by the counters, being admitted one-by-one to the serving area at the end of the room. She fell in behind a group of second years, crossing her legs slightly and tapping her foot as she settled in to wait. She was becoming quite uncomfortable now; her bladder sat as a hot lump in her belly, and she couldn't help but make subtle motions to assist her sphincter as she queued. 

“Well, well, well. If it isn't our resident hippo wrestler.” Holly looked behind her, recognising the boy behind her as Dauen Gola, the boy who'd tried to talk to her after she took a dip in the fountain that morning. “I told you, I just fell in the fountain this morning. Where am I going to find a hippo on the school campus anyway?” 

“Oh, you'd be surprised.” he indicated toward a nearby Ie student who was markedly overweight, with skin covered in a sheen of sweat and oil and a wide mouth with irregular teeth. Despite herself, Holly's face twisted into a slight grin and she had to stifle a giggle. As her diaphragm contracted, so too did her bladder, and she lifted a leg up and squirmed as a wave of urgency rolled through her. “Aha, you try to act stern and aloof, but your sense of humour betrays you. How's your stomach, by the way?” 

“Ah, it's... fine.” Holly responded hesitantly, slowly remembering her excuse for leaving class this morning. “All I needed was a quick lie down and it settled in no time.” 

“Ah, that's good. You still look a little uncomfortable though, are you sure you're okay?” 

“Y- yes, I'm fine.” she tried to dismiss the line of inquiry quickly, before he stumbled upon the truth. 

“Or maybe... you just need to pee. Is that it?” he grinned accusatively. 

“I said I'm fine!” she snapped in response, turning away from him in frustration and ending the conversation. 

Realising too late that her excessively aggressive response was basically an admission of guilt, she decided to focus on trying to look as natural as possible while she queued. She pressed her thighs together while consciously squeezing her urethra closed, and managed to quell the subtle squirming that she felt revealed her predicament. With her legs straight and her hands pressed at her sides, her stance was anything but natural, however, and she was not doing as well as she thought at hiding her urgency. Nonetheless, the boy behind her chose not to bother her any further as she slowly approached the head of the queue. 

“Next. Next!” a prod from behind alerted Holly to the lunch woman calling upon her to get her food. “That's you.” the boy behind her whispered. She propelled herself forward in a state of mild confusion, walking awkwardly as her urgency returned now that her focus was broken. She grabbed a tray from a side table, and pointed to some sandwiches and a tray of shredded meat. The woman behind the counter obediently dispensed her choices onto a plate, and she slid the tray along to the drinks section of the serving area. Her bladder panged as she considered what to get, the thought of liquid flowing down her throat not especially compatible with her current urges; but she was rather thirsty, so she added two 750ml bottles of apple juice to her tray, which was a relatively unremarkable amount for her. Moving along to the end of the counter, she identified herself to the woman working the payment processor, who checked her appearance against her image on file before approving the sale and deducting funds directly from her quartermaster account. 

She hurried toward an empty area of seating, setting herself down and quickly working her way through the food before her. Queueing had cost her about ten minutes, leaving her with precious little time to eat, and then select a suitable spot and relieve herself before the beginning of afternoon lessons. “Man, you aren't half scarfing that down quickly.” The boy who'd queued behind her pulled out the chair opposite her and sat down, a plate of salad before him. “Do you have somewhere to be? Or maybe... somewhere to pee?” He burst into laughter as his own comment. Holly exaggerated a glare in response, successfully suppressing the instinct to laugh at his uncomfortably accurate joke. Bringing a bottle of juice to her mouth, she drained it quickly, squeezing her thighs together and squirming in the chair as her bladder spasmed in response to the liquid running down her throat. She finished the last of her food in short order, and stood quickly, crossing her legs and bobbing about as she sorted out her tray. Then, with her remaining drink held between her arm and body, she took her tray to the rack and walked quickly out of the cafeteria, unscrewing the cap on the bottle as she strode into the sunlit drill quadrangle. 

A few benches lined the north end of the area, and Holly perched herself at the edge of one, bending forward and squirming with her crotch against the metal as she took deep draughts of juice. When the bottle was close to empty, she brought it down and sighed loudly, before jumping up and draining the rest of the bottle with her head thrown back as she curtseyed deeply. Dropping her hand to her side as she finished, she bobbed up and down on the balls of her feet, muttering to herself “ooh, I need to pee!” 

She began walking in the direction of the administration block, unconsciously changing her stance to put one foot in front of the other so that her thighs pressed together with each step. This had the effect of causing her hips to swing in a rather feminine way, but fortunately none of the few students on the quad noticed as she strode quickly along, tossing her empty bottle into a waste receptacle as she passed. She rounded the corner to her highest-rated spot cautiously, readying excuses in case it somehow turned out occupied, but as she expected, the coast was clear. She decided not to bother with trying to reach the grass from the flagstones this time – after all, it was her first time trying something like this, and she was only at a relatively ordinary level of desperation this time, so her puddle wouldn't be as large. So, looking around suspiciously, she hooked her thumbs into her waistband and then... 

...just stood there, staring into the corner, bobbing slightly in place. She couldn't do it. In spite of all the events thus far, she still saw herself as a innocent maiden who wouldn't dare relieve herself anywhere that wasn't a toilet – and indeed, she was, at least in terms of her willing actions. That time this morning was different – she hadn't so much “relieved herself in an alleyway” as she'd “run into an alleyway while having an accident and pulled her clothes out of the way before they got too wet” – and now that she maintained conscious control of her sphincter, she couldn't bear to intentionally relinquish it in public. Logically, she knew full-well that if she didn't relieve herself here and now, she would not make it until the end of the school day, and she was unlikely to get another opportunity to go before then. Choosing to hold it right now was tantamount to choosing to have an accident later, but still, she couldn't break the years of social conditioning that made her who she was. Her bladder seemed to lie suddenly heavier in her abdomen as she turned, defeated, and shuffled awkwardly away from what was probably her final opportunity for (relatively) dignified relief. 

Her afternoon would be taken up by physical training, which was split into a two sections: endurance training for the first hour and a half, and combat training for another 45 minutes after a 15 minute break. If she was lucky, she might get an opportunity to relieve herself during the break, but given how short it was and how full she knew she'd be, not to mention that that they'd probably still be under lesson conditions and not allowed to go where they wanted, that was unlikely. She arrived at the sports hall to find a notice on the doorway: “New students: you have been randomly assigned into groups for your PT lessons. Give your name at the desk inside, and you will be given your sports uniform and directions to your assembly point. Assemble in your normal uniform, and you will be brought to a changing room after your pre-lesson brief.” As Holly finished reading, the bell rang to indicate the start of afternoon lessons, so she entered the building to find Mr. Dent, the teacher who'd found her in the fountain, standing behind the uniform distribution desk. “H- Holvar Green” she introduced nervously. “Well, well, well. I'll see you in detention later, Mr. Green.” the teacher smirked menacingly, “You've been assigned to Mr. Drinkwater's class. Go up the stairs there and follow the corridor around. Room S3F.” He rifled through a box below the table and withdrew a plastic bag labelled with her name which contained an assortment of fabrics and a pair of trainers. “Here's your uniform. Try not to get it too wet.” 

Following his directions, Holly quickly retreated up the stairs to her assigned room, noting with surprise that it was already mostly full when she ducked in. She found herself a free desk and sat down, quickly crossing her legs in discomfort as the benefits of moving her legs began to fade. The last few students filtered in over the next few minutes, until all the desks were occupied. “Alright, that looks like everyone” the man standing at the front of the room began as the last desk filled. “Welcome to physical training. The objective of these lessons is to make you fit and to teach you some of the things that you'll need to know to function well as military officers. These days, most graduates will not find themselves leading armies – even those with titles that grant them command of levies – but every graduate of St. Montfort's is expected to be able to serve as a commander in principle. This means you'll be expected to be able to keep up with a march, both ahorse and on foot, engage in combat in a variety of circumstances and keep yourself alive behind enemy lines, amongst other things. Today, you have been scheduled for two periods of endurance training and one period of combat training. Endurance training isn't quite what it sounds like – we use it as a generic category for everything that isn't covered in one of our more specific training topics, so you'll be doing various sports and exercises, not just running around until you collapse, though that will be involved too. Combat training will involve a variety of combat forms, martial arts, practical historical and current soldiering, weapon use and the like. Eventually it will also cover horseback combat, but not before you've studied equestrianism in general. Right, that's it for preamble; you'll be using the first-floor changing room just a bit further along the corridor. File out of the classroom row by row and follow me.” The teacher led them down the hallway to a door, which he unlocked and pushed open, allowing them to enter. “You have 5 minutes to get changed and return to the corridor for your next instructions. Anyone taking too long will lose their next breaktime.” 

Sudden realisation flashed across Holly's mind as she queued to enter the changing room: since her accident in the infirmary, she hadn't managed to find an opportunity to replace her underwear! How was she going to get changed now without revealing her genitals to the class? Anxiety began to fill her awareness as the class began to file into the changing room; her legs weakened, her chest began to hurt, and her bladder surged with urgency. She placed one fist in her lap and the other on her chest as she moved slowly toward the doorway, trying to regulate her breathing and keep her sphincter shut without drawing any attention. Half-formed solutions swirled in her mind as she stumbled along: she could try to pull her shirt down far enough to hide her crotch while she put her shorts on – no, it wouldn't stretch far enough and would draw attention to her; she could wrap her jacket around her waist while she changed – which would be an incredibly effective way of showing everyone she had something to hide; or she could ask the teacher if she could go and get something she'd forgotten, to delay without getting in trouble – but she had nothing believable that she could want to get. 

She wandered into the room in a daze, resignedly placing her packet of clothing down on a bench and dejectedly unzipping her fly when she noticed, out of the corner of her eye, the one thing that she'd been dreaming of since she started this morning: cubicles! As conspicuous as she'd be dashing into a cubicle to get dressed, it offered the best opportunity for her to hide her sex from the room – if she attracted unwanted attention for it, she could deal with that later. Almost skipping with glee, she danced over to one of the flimsy doors and burst through it. The cubicle contained a showerhead, with a tiled area sloping to a drain beneath it. The door had large gaps at the top and bottom, but effectively hid everything above her feet from the people in the changing room. She gazed longingly at the drain, squirming on the spot as her bladder contracted in preparation for voiding, but she couldn't. She had barely any time to change, let alone to have a shower, and she couldn't relieve herself without showering or someone would notice, and she didn't have a towel to dry herself off anyway. 

Turning away from the oh-so-tempting drain, she pulled open the package and placed it on the floor as she began turfing out her new clothes. Her free hand drifted toward her nethers as she examined the uniform she'd been assigned. Though she wasn't anywhere near the point where she needed to press on her sphincter to prevent leaking yet, cradling her crotch nonetheless seemed to help take her mind off the discomfort as she tried to focus on getting dressed. Her sports uniform consisted of a simple white t-shirt and a pair of loose blue silk shorts, along with an unremarkable pair of trainers that she vaguely remembered being fitted for during the application process. The thinness of the shorts was something of a worry – they felt so soft that Holly was worried a strong wind coming straight at her might press them against her body enough to outline her differing equipment, but that was probably unreasonable, so she cast the thought out of her mind with conscious effort. Perhaps slightly more reasonable was the concern that if she sat in the wrong position, the fabric would hang loosely from her, potentially allowing onlookers to see all the way up her legs to her crotch; something she'd need to be especially careful of today due to her lack of underwear – though this was little different to when she was wearing short skirts, which was something she was already passingly familiar with. 

She unbuttoned her shirt one-handed while lightly caressing her labia with the other. Slight tickles of pleasure radiated into her abdomen as she traced the line of her slit slowly from back to front, suppressing the sensations of pressure from her swollen bladder and washing away the remnants of the anxiety that gripped her moments ago. She longed for more as she undid the last button on her shirt, but she knew that she had to leave herself alone before it became more than just a holding aid, so she withdrew her hand from her trousers and shrugged off her shirt, continuing to squirm slightly in place to prolong the arousal. She quickly pulled the new t-shirt over her head and set to work on her shoelaces, her undone trousers beginning to fall down of their own accord as she moved about. As she kicked off her shoes, her trousers fell down to her knees, and she shook her legs, allowing them to fall the rest of the way, before stepping into her shorts and pulling them up to her waist. The trainers fit satisfactorily, and she quickly tied them up, before collecting her clothes together and hurrying out of the cubicle, throwing the bundle haphazardly in a free space as she darted around the now-empty changing room. 

Bursting through the door, she came face-to-face (or face-to-chest, since the man was significantly taller than her) with the teacher, who was staring at his watch and counting down silently. “Phew, barely made it!” he commented with a grin as Holly appeared at the doorway. “Are you the last one? Good. Right, come this way everybody; we'll be going to the general courts to play dodgeball.” The playing field had three tiers of flat grass, separated by steep slopes descending downward toward a forested area at the far end. The teacher led them down to a low-walled rectangular area just past the hill down to the middle tier, and began dropping small, coloured cones to separate areas of the court. The students assembled in a group beside the court, watching the teacher mark the arena as they awaited further instructions. The chill air stung against Holly's exposed skin and through her thin clothing, accelerating her urge as she squirmed conspicuously behind her classmates. Shoving her hands in her pockets, she grabbed at her crotch through the fabric of her shorts and rocked back and forth on her feet as her bladder spasmed in complaint. 

“Alright!” the teacher's voice startled her as he began addressing the class, and she jerked her hands to her side and stood up straight, tensing in place as a contraction rolled through her belly. “For anyone who doesn't know the rules, dodgeball is played in two teams on either side of the court marked out with cones. These lines a short way back from the middle are the attack lines – you can't throw a ball from in front of them, you must be in your area. The objective of the game is to eliminate the opposing team. You're eliminated if you're hit below the head by a ball that you fail to catch, if you throw a ball at an opponent which they then successfully catch before it hits the floor, or if you step out of the arena or past the middle line. When you're eliminated, go and sit on the slope to the first level and wait for the next game.” He held out his hand, pointing through the middle of the group. “People on my left, you're on one team and will play on that side of the court, people on my right, you're the other team.” Quickly counting the two teams, he frowned and then walked toward Holly, putting a hand on her shoulder and lightly coaxing her over toward the other team. She stumbled forward slowly, surprised at being moved in this way, and continued into the other group as he let go, walking awkwardly. 

“Each team, line up against the far wall on your side with one hand touching it, and when I blow my whistle, you can run to try to get the balls from the middle. On your marks, PEEEEEEP!” At the sound of the whistle, Holly's teammates surged forward, leaving her and a few other, less-competitive students in their wake. She wandered forward, ignoring the balls in the middle and finding a spot in a corner where she could inconspicuously put in the bare minimum while she focused on suppressing her urge to urinate. She sidestepped slowly about the back of the court, pressing her thighs together and tensing her pelvic floor each time she closed her legs, watching the game for opportunities to make a show of being involved. The rhythmic motion seemed to help with her desperation, and competitiveness welled up within her as she found herself more able to play. With the game still in its early stages, few balls managed to find her corner, but whenever one bounced by, she'd pick it up and lob it toward the other team, aiming for their legs. 

Even though it would probably be better for her to get out quickly and find a place to sit down, she didn't want to lose intentionally; in fact, she just plain didn't want to lose. As a lone girl in a school of boys, she felt somewhat like her honour was at stake, and she wanted to prove to herself that she could compete on their level. And so, her focus began to shift toward the game: anxieties about where and when she'd be able to go drained, and the sensation of urgency was pushed to the back of her mind. Nonetheless, her swollen bladder continued to spasm, eliciting unconscious holding actions as she tried to play. She'd wrap one leg around the other or squirm in place when searching for targets, squat down to the floor instead of just bending to reach for stray balls, and occasionally squeeze her crotch via a pocket when she felt no one was looking; but if anyone noticed her behaviour, they either thought it was just hyperactivity or didn't care enough to recognise it for what it was. 

As the court began to clear around her, balls found their way toward Holly more frequently, and she had to maintain constant attention to stay in the game. There were only a handful of players left on each team now, and the game was entering its final stages. She threw a ball toward one of the opposing team, retreating awkwardly to her corner as she watched the boy jump over it and turn to retrieve it. Another ball whizzed quickly after him, slamming into his back with a loud slap, leaving him out of the game. Holly found that she couldn't really throw the balls as hard as the other people still in the game – her hands were too small to properly grip them, and she lacked the strength to accelerate them to great speed. This left her struggling to get people out, and she had to be careful to throw at awkward angles to avoid being caught out herself. However, as long as she kept the balls coming, she could still serve as a distraction to allow her teammates to continue scoring, so long as she stayed in the game. 

She turned to reach for another ball, crossing her legs as she bent toward it, and as she went down, an impact against her left buttock startled her into stumbling forward. She barely managed to catch herself before her swollen belly slammed into the ball beneath her, and she pulled her legs forward to drop into a squat, staying in place as she tried to keep her sphincter closed while the ball that hit her bounced away. Carefully, she lifted herself to her feet, keeping her thighs together as she walked slowly toward the gate to the court, looking to the hill where most of her team were now waiting. Keeping a distance from the other students, she found a place halfway up the slope and lowered herself onto her heel, pressing it against her crotch as she watched the last few students compete. 

The students remaining now were quite skilled, and the endgame dragged on as they dodged and weaved to stay in. Holly hugged her knees for warmth, squirming against her heel as the chill weather crept through her and stimulated her urinary system. A powerful spasm threatened to overwhelm her, and forced a quiet moan from her lips as she bent forward, centring the back of her shoe over her struggling sphincter. *Crack* the sound of a ball thrown hard against flesh rang out, and another student made his way toward the hill. Holly's team systematically mopped up the last few opponents over the next minutes, securing a comfortable win with four players still active. 

Upon their victory, the teacher blew the whistle and gestured for everyone to approach the gate. The sudden motion of Holly standing triggered a wave of pressure through her belly, and she bent forward and shoved a hand into her crotch as she felt her urine begin to work its way along her sphincter. She contorted herself dramatically behind the group of students moving toward the gate, slowly forcing the liquid back toward her bladder as she looked around in embarrassment. Picking her way carefully down the hill, she arrived at the mass of students just as the teacher finished and they began to return to the court for a second game, this time on the opposite side. 

She followed her team slowly to the far wall, biting her lip and burying a hand in her pocket as she tried to look composed. Struggling as she was now, she was not going to be able to participate meaningfully in the game like before, and instead she stood still in her corner, with one leg wrapped around the other and the hand in her pocket wandering closer to her vulva. In the chaos of the early game, no one noticed her non-participation as they focused on trying to avoid and return the constant hail of balls from across the court. Impacts rang out around her, but for some time, no balls managed to find the bursting girl, and she miraculously stayed in the game. As the court began to clear, she realised her cover was rapidly evaporating, and people would begin to wonder what was going on if she stood there much longer. 

She searched the court for balls, finding one rolling along a short distance past her, and, mustering her control, she withdrew her hand from her pocket and began shambling toward it. She squatted down carefully, pressing a heel against her crotch and reaching forward, only to stop suddenly as her urethra spasmed, forcing urine toward her sphincter. Her eyes widened as she felt liquid rush up to her exit, and both hands flew to her nethers as she tried to squeeze herself closed. Barely-managing to keep her wee on the inside, she began reaching toward the ball with one hand and pulled it toward her, slowly rising when she had it trapped against her leg, rolling it upward as she rose. With the ball now in her free hand, she threw it high toward the other team, where, as planned, one of the boys jumped up to catch it out of the air. Trying to hide her satisfaction, she quickly turned toward the gate and walked purposefully toward it, trying her best to stand straight and not look desperate. Mercifully, no one spared a thought for her as she stumbled gracelessly across the court with her rear pushed out and her hands clenched against her thighs, focused as they were on the game. 

She found herself a spot, as before, some distance away from the main group of students on the hill, where she shoved the hand on her hidden side into her shorts to cradle her vulva directly, and perched her bottom against the steep ground, digging her heels in to keep her in place. So desperate was she now that she pondered pulling her shorts down a bit and going right there – she was far enough away from her classmates that they might not notice that she had her butt out with the way she was sat, but the ocean within her was vast indeed, and there was no way to hide even a small fraction of that in her current situation, let alone enough to make a difference. Nope, she'd just have to hold it until the 15 minute break, however far away that was, and hope that it would give her an opportunity to go. 

Looking up at the game, she noted that her team was losing noticeably. She smirked as she entertained the thought that maybe her contributions were what tipped the balance in their favour last game, but it quickly shifted to a grimace when a powerful spasm attracted her focus. She crossed one leg over the other and wiggled her butt against the grass as she redoubled her holding efforts. Her sphincter quivered painfully in time with the surges from her bladder, and she began to massage it with her index finger, drawing circles around the ring of muscle, as it strained on her behalf. The teacher's whistle sounded out as she struggled, and he beckoned the class in toward the ball court. Holly lifted herself slowly, withdrawing the hand from her shorts before anyone saw. The removal of her support prompted a redoublement of her bladder's contractions, and she bent double and pulled her shorts up toward her hips, pressing the crotch of the garment into her vulva. The thin fabric stretched against her mons, becoming slightly translucent and clearly revealing the nature of her genitals to all zero of the people looking hard enough in her direction. She stood like this, with her legs slightly parted for balance on the hill, as her contractions intensified; and at their peak, a sputtering squirt of golden urine squeezed through the material, dribbling down to the grass beneath her. Reacting instantly, she lifted a knee up across her body, almost overbalancing, and forcing the stream to shoot down her thigh as she slowly regained control. 

“Great, finished just in time for your 15 minute break period.” the teacher addressed the students standing around, failing to notice Holly standing some distance away. “Now, the general format of these breaks is that you'll get an opportunity for a 15 minute walk around the grounds to cool down after your exertions in the first two periods. You can go anywhere in the vicinity of the playing fields and the surrounding grounds, but not on the courts for specific sports or as far as the dorms. Also don't go too close to the school so you don't disturb classes for the other students. You should take the opportunity to explore the grounds as it will help in your orienteering lessons in the future. So you know when to start heading back, I will blow the whistle once when you have 10 minutes left, then again when you have 5 minutes left, and once more when you have 2 minutes left. Anyone not back in time for your next lessons will lose their next 3 morning break times. That is all, be back here in 15 minutes.” The students quickly scattered into small groups and headed in various directions. Holly had managed to stumble down the hill, and was now bent slightly forward with an arm across her front, trying to hide the wet spot on her shorts and not look too desperate. She considered asking the teacher for permission to use the toilet, but her concern was if another student overheard and decided to join her – she didn't know how she could find a way to ditch her company in the limited time she had. Instead, she began looking around, hoping another option would reveal itself... 

“Come, my child.” A sweet, welcoming voice sounded out within Holly's mind, drawing her attention to the small wooded area just beyond the lowest playing field. She turned toward it, feeling a compulsion to follow that was almost as strong as her compulsion to urinate. “I might be able to find somewhere out of sight to go anyway” she justified to herself as she began her awkward journey toward the trees. 

Embarrassed at the obviousness of her predicament, she wanted to take a circuitous route to the forest, away from prying eyes, but there was no time. She waddled purposefully across the lower level, hurrying as much as she could in her state, hoping that no one cared enough to work out what was wrong. She ignored the protests from her bladder as she sped across the open field, and spurts of urine shot regularly into the hand that was cupped against her shorts, causing her to stagger about as she tried to stem them. Leaving glistening grass behind her, she broke through the treeline and ducked quickly behind a girthy bole, where she slipped both hands into her shorts and leaned against the trunk as she tried to regain control. Shutting her eyes and arching her back, she ground her hips forward and back as she squeezed her nethers, feeling the spurts gradually slow as her sphincter regained some strength. A torrent of hot urine yet waited in her urethra, ready to spray forth at the slightest loss of focus, but for the moment, it seemed like she could hold it. 

And hold it, she must, for she was barely a metre into the treeline, and a few other groups of students had also chosen to investigate the area around the trees, so she was still quite a way from finding somewhere sufficiently unseen. She began picking her way carefully through the underbrush, advancing slowly as contractions continued to roll through her, leaving a trail of droplets from the rivulets on her legs. The sounds of her classmates carried over to her as she advanced, sounding closer than she expected them to be this far into the forest. A powerful spasm rolled through her, and she fell toward a nearby trunk, double crossing her legs and bobbing up and down as she leaned against it. 

Hooking her thumbs into her waistband, she looked around nervously as streams of liquid began to trickle down her legs. Staying on high alert, she began to slowly pull down her shorts, revealing her dribbling vulva to the forest as she prepared to relieve herself. Just then, when her clothes reached her knees, a blinding flash of golden light filled her vision. She pulled her waistband back up to her hips in a panic, driving the crotch of her garment into her vulva even as she began to wee in surprise. Even through the stretched material, her stream was strong enough to shoot forward in a dripping arc, and she moaned loudly as the sensation of rushing liquid stimulated her sphincter as it flowed past. She was momentarily tempted to just give up there and let herself empty, but her modesty and fear quickly re-exerted themselves, and she squirmed violently on the spot, pulling her waistband further up her torso and clenching every muscle she could still control. 

“Restrain thyself, my child, for but a moment longer.” The voice she'd heard before echoed through her mind, somehow filling her with the rest of the strength she needed to cut off the stream spraying from her nethers. Her vision began to clear, and through her tears of pain, she found herself staring down toward a steaming pool of golden liquid, which rippled in the clearing where she found herself. For a moment, confusion flooded her consciousness as she assumed that the expansive body of liquid was “hers”, before she noticed the more reasonably-sized puddle by its bank and lukewarm relief washed over her. The sound of rushing water filled her ears, and her bladder contracted violently in response, forcing a grimace as she strained to keep it under control. Looking up, she started at the sight of the noise's source: a giant woman, roughly 5 metres tall, squatted by the far bank of the pond directly opposite Holly. Clad only in scant gold filigree in the form of a leotard, the being was urinating torrentially through a perfectly-placed opening by her crotch. Her exposed skin glowed softly in the shade of the forest, filling the clearing with an aura of warmth and causing the waters before her to sparkle as if sunlit. 

The gold filigree garment with the conspicuously-placed opening was unmistakeable to Holly, who quickly recognised the entity before her as Ea, goddess of knowledge, life and flowing water. It was said that Ea holds all the knowledge of the universe in her bladder, and that her desire to share this knowledge with the people manifests as an eternal feeling of urinary urgency. Because of this, she's always pictured in religious art either naked or wearing crotchless clothing and either urinating or in a state of obvious desperation. Holly watched on in agony as the deity relieved herself, noting that the pool water was rising quickly toward the lip of the bank. Holly's bladder pulsed at the sight, and warm liquid rushed along her urethra, stopping against her twitching sphincter and stinging it with pressure. The girl moaned softly as she shoved a hand against her soaking shorts and lightly massaged the ring of muscle, blushing as she remembered she was in the presence of a deity. “Be at peace, my child, for the end of thy noble exertion is nigh. Now, bare thyself, that thou may be prepared for knowledge's embrace.” Though the goddess' lips moved, her speech seemed to come from within Holly's mind, rather than through her ears and, even though she spoke in analogy, Holly clearly understood the deity's true meaning, as if the words were her own. Hesitating, she looked around nervously in response to the command, peering through the forest for any sign of company. “Worry not, for none can disturb us here.” The goddess reassured, and Holly understood that the clearing they were in was not physically connected to the school grounds. 

Satisfied, the girl quickly began to strip, motivated by the promise of swift relief. She bent far forward, reaching for the damp knots of her shoes as she waved her buttocks in the air. Squirts of wee arced behind her frequently, powerful enough that the fabric failed to disperse them as they shot straight to the floor, each accompanied by a soft moan as her urethra pulsed. Laces undone, she pulled her shoes off in a hurry, then quickly slid off her sopping yellow socks to reveal her dripping bare feet. Her shorts came down next, splattering wetly on the grass beneath her as she pulled her arms into her undershirt. The intermittent spurts resolved into a constant stream as she bared her vulva, and she weed lightly into the garment at her feet as she struggled out of the shirts. The goddess had finished filling the pool by this point, and she lifted a hand away from her crotch as Holly's head appeared from under the hem of her clothes, causing the girl's tightly-wound binding to fall away as if by magic. “It seems thy offering will wait no longer. Come, heroine; bathe thyself in knowledge, and relinquish unto me the proof of thy devotion. Thy destiny awaiteth.” 

Almost devoid of higher thought, Holly dutifully obeyed the goddess' command, and lowered herself carefully into the pool, sinking to her mid-thigh in the warm yellow water. Still a little embarrassed at her nudity, she held her hands loosely in front of her crotch, trying to hide her leaking genitals from view. Her wee trickled into the liquid beneath her as she waded out into the clearing, and glittering clouds began to form as the two substances mixed, forming a sparkling wake around her. Waves of pressure stung her sphincter, and powerful gushes began to shoot out and spatter against her palm, eliciting audible sighs as they stimulated her urethra. As she reached the pond's centre, a sudden sense of suitability washed over her – a nonverbal message from the deity before her that this was where she was supposed to relieve herself. Ritual urination practices had been noted in history books as a common form of worship for Ea in the past, but the current Combined Church had labelled them “barbaric” and “immodest” and as a result, they'd fallen out of favour in most of the developed world. For Holly, the years of social development and etiquette training were not easily cast aside, and the thought of relieving herself in this situation was almost too much to bear, but the fact of the matter was that she was long past her limit, and she would urinate here whether she wanted to or not. 

Closing her eyes and exhaling loudly, she began to relax, and the trickle beneath her began to swell into a gurgle as her sphincter slowly released. Her muscles loosened, and she moaned in satisfaction as she weed forcefully against her hand. Relief permeated her being, and her vision tunnelled as her awareness retreated inward. Around her, the scintillant reaction grew quickly, sending sparkling fingers reaching toward the edge of the pool. A tingling sensation began to spread through her from where her legs contacted the glittering liquid, crawling upward toward her pulsing abdomen. The girl's powerful spray stimulated her sex as it exited, and as her bladder spasmed, waves of pleasure rolled through her slight frame, seemingly amplified by the strange effects of the liquid. Forgetting herself completely in the overwhelming rush of sensation, she began to move her hand, slowly rubbing the edge of her palm against her labia as she sighed in arousal. 

Her torrent vacillated as she ground against herself, weakening and strengthening in time with the contractions that rolled through her body. She moved her hand as the pleasure built, freeing her wee to shoot at an angle ahead of her as she caressed her clitoris with her fingers, moaning in ecstasy as the feeling combined with her relief. Her back arched involuntarily, sending her stream arcing forward, where it played back and forth across the surface of the pool as her spasms continued. Suddenly, her torrent sputtered to a halt as she tensed up, moving only her fingers, before a series of squirts sprayed chaotically from her nethers as she squirmed and thrusted violently. These spurts quickly grew in frequency and strength as, with a loud moan, she orgasmed, throwing her head forward and letting the pleasure roll through her. 

Her muscles quickly relaxed as the arousal drained, and fatigue began to overcome her as her torrent resumed, jetting into the pool even more powerfully than before as she began to lose consciousness... 

*031*2022-03-02 18:09

The thought with the dodgeball (not volleyball) part was that the preamble (getting dressed, teacher talking, herding the students to the court etc.) was supposed to have taken a bit of time too, but still I have no idea how long a game of that is actually supposed to take, and it was getting to be a pain trying to describe what was going on in novel ways. I did end up trying to stretch these two games longer than it felt they should've lasted. 

I'll be trying to make better use of time skips in the future when describing longer periods so that I can move to the more interesting parts of the desperation without abandoning the sense of it building, but it will take a bit of work to get the balance right. On the one hand, I want to be writing long, detailed desperation scenes, but on the other, I don't want things to take so long that I lose impetus and never finish. 

*033*2022-10-07 12:35

Sorry this stuff is taking so long. I still want to complete this, but my ability to motivate myself when I’m not pervasively bored with absolutely nothing to do during lockdown is apparently quite poor. I was planning on finishing this section with her relieving herself again, but I figured I have enough here for the moment, and I want to provide something to show that I’m still working, albeit slowly. 

###

This is an excessively grandiose lore dump and set up for this sort of tale. I'll be clear that have no intention of actually addressing Holly’s destiny as described here at any point in the story. The main purpose of this section is not to set up later plot, but to give Holly the tool she'll need to solve some of the problems that she'll encounter, and also to add a sense of righteousness to her struggles. Perhaps one day, I'll write something about her future and how she goes about achieving the things mentioned here, but I have no specific plans for that at the current time. 

Out-of-universe, the main reason I've included this unnecessary set of mechanics is because when I was planning this as a game, I wanted to have a system that made it mechanically advantageous to avoid having your character relieve themselves and benefit from taking risks with their continence, something that I feel is important in games like that. The idea was that players would need to use their magic frequently to solve problems, mostly combat-related but sometimes otherwise, and that the fuller the character's bladder, the more effective their magic. 

Anyway, here is the chapter: 

###

Surrounded by silent darkness, Holly drifted. Her skin tingled with hypersensitivity, longing for something to detect, but there was nothing to feel... Nothing, that is, except the characteristic tickle of liquid flowing through her urethra. No sound reached her ears, and she couldn't even see her body, let alone her urine, but warm satisfaction spread through her body as she relieved herself into the abyss. 

For aeons, she urinated, the interminable bliss of her deflating bladder the only sensation to exist in this endless nothing. Slowly, but surely, the sensation began to draw to a halt, and she sighed soundlessly as she squeezed a final spurt out into the darkness. Now relieved, she began to settle into the peaceful quiet around her, glowing with satisfaction at her lack of urgency. As she gazed blissfully into the abyss, soft pinpoints of light began to glow before her. As these lights strengthened, they refracted off a transparent humanoid figure floating horizontally before her. Recognition clicked in the girl's mind as she surveyed the indistinct body – it was hers; though how she knew this was a mystery. 

Beneath the figure's exterior, its circulatory system was also illuminated by the dim glow, and the points of light shone at the ends of the peripheral blood vessels, slowly intensifying as warmth began to tickle Holly's skin. Once bright, the light began to spread, creeping along veins and arteries as it worked its way toward the figure's torso. As light filled the body's chest, the glow began to pulse, and waves of heat radiated into the darkness like a heartbeat. Two lines of light continued spreading, down along the major blood vessels in the chest to reach the body's kidneys, where orbs of light began to separate out and thread down into the bladder and collect together into a shining orb. As the figure's bladder swelled, the light grew into a blinding glare, and Holly's skin began to burn in the intense heat. Suddenly, the figure flashed white, and Holly's bladder panged painfully with all-consuming fullness, forcing a stream of scorching liquid to spray from her nethers as her reality began to waver... 

Holly jerked awake, immediately tensing herself, trying to stop the... nothing. There was no sensation of liquid flowing through her urethra, no sign of wetness around her crotch, and indeed, no sense of fullness in her belly. She relaxed confusedly, rubbing her eyes as she tried to get her bearings. Looking down, she found herself completely naked, sitting upright in a chair, with a stack of books on a desk in front of her. She appeared to be in some sort of library: golden bookcases surrounded her on every side, displaying a plethora of colourful covers everywhere she looked; sets of mahogany tables with gold filigree mesh chairs sat in open areas between the aisles; and the musty smell of paper clung to the back of her throat. The floor was glass, suspended over a pool of golden liquid, with a slight camber that led to a series of gold filigree gratings, seemingly designed to channel any spilled liquids into the water below. At the edges of the room were a series of waterfalls, filling the area with a soothing rush and comfortably cool humidity. 

The goddess from the clearing, now more human-sized, lounged on a bench at the end of an aisle, completely naked, leafing through a book. The deity was urinating casually as she read, spraying a stream of liquid against her thigh, which trickled down to the floor and meandered toward the nearest grating, dribbling into the pool underneath the flooring. “Ah, you're awake” Ea addressed the girl as she looked around in wonder at the beautiful surroundings. “Welcome to Eridu, great library of the goddess of knowledge!” Holly's eyes widened at the goddess's greeting: Eridu was a legendary library that was supposedly where Ea stored all the knowledge of the world – many people throughout the aeons had gone searching for it, and all who'd returned did so empty-handed. “I have brought you here as my champion – the girl who will usher lost knowledge back into the world, and guide it on the path to enlightenment.” The deity closed her book and rose to her feet, her urine arcing out before her as she walked toward her guest. 

“Aeons ago, before the Celestial Cataclysm, humanity had access to a powerful force that allowed them limited ability to shape the world to their will and wield powers far beyond those of their own bodies. This force was known as “magic”, and it was an essential part of daily life for much of humanity. This “magic” still exists in the land, and it is key to many of the things that remain unexplained to your civilisation: for example, differing sensitivity to this force explains the well-known differences in urinary systems both between the sexes and individually.” Holly blushed as she recalled the events of her morning. “And many other creatures use magic innately to perform feats such as breathing fire or hardening their skin in ways that can't be explained by their physiology.” 

The goddess paced along before a bookshelf as she spoke, her urine falling directly through the grating beneath her and into the golden pool as she touched the spines of books in sequence. “In order to stall the Celestial Cataclysm, your spiritual ancestor, the Witch Queen Lily of Floraden, and her Elven allies cast a great enchantment that sealed humanity's physiological knowledge of magic – the internal physical mechanisms that allow you to wield your magic power – effectively leaving humanity incapable of magic, but without interrupting the internal processes that yet depend on it.” 

Apparently finding what she was looking for, she pulled a book from the shelf and deposited it on the pile on the desk in front of Holly. “In the intervening centuries, the circumstances that led to the Cataclysm have settled and passed. There is no longer any reason to keep humans from their heritage, but introducing magic carelessly back into the population would be destabilising. Thus, I have chosen to first create a world that is ready to accept its return. You will be the one who leads humanity toward this new dawn – you will pioneer the administrative and legislative framework that is suited to dealing with magic, and then I shall empower you to begin spreading my knowledge as you see fit.” 

Holly reeled internally, overwhelmed by the info dump from the goddess, and the responsibility that had just been heaped on her. She was barely able to hide her sex for a single day of school; how was she supposed to live up to these lofty expectations? She had little political power at present, and going into any meaningful office would present huge risk of revealing her secrets and leaving her destitute and powerless. But the deity seemed to believe it was possible, and if she had that sort of power, perhaps she could make a world where she doesn't have to hide any more too... 

“For now, I ask only that you continue your education and avoid discovery – things you are already committed to. To that end, I have returned some knowledge of magic to your body, that it might ease your struggles somewhat. Your newfound powers are detailed in the books here.” she gestured toward the large pile of tomes on the table. “Familiarise yourself with them, learn how they work, and use them to excel.” Holly looked around at the bookshelves arrayed around her – as much as she was excited to learn about this “magic”, the entire world’s knowledge lay before her, and she longed to sample it. Noting Holly's distraction, the goddess remarked “Worry not, champion. You are my chosen, and will visit Eridu again. For now, restrain yourself to those books that are immediately relevant, and one day you will be free to explore at your leisure.” 

Satisfied, Holly turned to the table with a spring in her step, and plonked herself down joyfully, ready to learn. She balked momentarily as she noted the size of the pile: many incredibly thick tomes awaited her attention, and it looked like she was in for a long stay. Choosing a book at random from the pile, she began the arduous, but exciting, task of working through the assorted writings before her. 

The first tome she retrieved described the physiology of magic; how signals from the brain ended up producing physical effects beyond the confines of a caster's body. The source of magic, it explained, was a small organ in the brain, something Holly recognised as being considered vestigial in modern medicine. It likened this organ to a string on a guitar – the organ oscillates in particular ways to produce magic effects, and that these oscillations can be controlled by an experienced caster to produce many different results. It notes, however, that the oscillations of this organ aren't “loud” enough to produce significant effects alone, and that it needs amplification. The magic “waves” - “echo” through a certain type of particle that magically sensitive people produce naturally and secrete into their blood. This particle collects wherever water collects in the body, and, most notably, is filtered by the kidneys and sent to the bladder. Because of this, it concluded, the principal quantity responsible for the variation in an individual's magic power is the fullness of their bladder. That is, the more urine in your bladder, the stronger your magic power. 

Holly began to blush as she considered the implications of such a revelation: did mages of old willingly forgo urination in the interests of boosting their magic power? Were places of intense magical study full of people walking around desperate? Her womanhood tingled unexpectedly at the thought, and she shifted in her seat as she turned the page and continued reading. 

As she closed the third book, it occurred to her just how quickly she was working through them. These were not light reading materials, they were as thick as her thumb and dense with writing – each one should've taken the best part of a day, if not longer, to read from cover to cover. And yet, the highly reliable body clock that was her bladder had only just begun to stir, which meant it had not been more than an hour since her most recent voiding, and yet she was already through the most daunting books of the pile. She hadn't just skimmed them either – she had clear and complete memories of the majority of their content, and had been able to consider their implications on one another and her general knowledge too. What an incredible place this library was, to not only contain endless knowledge, but to augment your ability to learn it as well! 

A dull throb slowly began to build in her abdomen as she continued with her study. She acknowledged the sensation disinterestedly; her urge was not so great as to distract her from the books she was ploughing through, and she had no need to address it just yet. Adjusting her position, she continued on unperturbed, quickly finishing the remainder of her current book and moving onto the next. 

With remarkable alacrity, the pile of unread books shrank to nothingness, and before long she closed her final book and stood up, stretching out after the time spent motionless. For all she'd learned, she still had no ability to actually cast any magic; rather she'd been gifted what one might call a “passive” ability – her physical abilities were now being augmented by her magic power, and this meant that her strength, dexterity, reaction times and more would all improve according to her magic's potency. Though it was only a weak form of the ability that she was given access to, it had the potential to make up the physical gap between her and the male students, allowing her to perform better in physical education lessons. However, because the ability was in such a weak form, it would have a negligible effect when her magic power (known as epoidion density in the books she read) is at a minimum, and so she'd need to keep her strength at a sufficient level to produce meaningful effects when she needs them... 

She fidgeted slightly as she cast her gaze around, looking for the goddess. The current state of her magic power could best be described as “ample”, and she hoped that she'd be able to do something about it before she ended up back on the school grounds. She did have some combat training soon, so maintaining her strength at a greater level might be useful, but with a detention to follow, she figured herself better safe than sorry and resolved to think about making use of her abilities some other time. 

The deity was lounging on a bench by the poolside, and she looked up as Holly began to advance toward her. About to address her, the girl stammered as she realised she had no idea what title to use, and the goddess began to speak instead. “Ah, I see the light of newfound knowledge swirling within you. Now go, champion, with my blessing. Make your mark on the world, and usher in a new dawn for humanity.” 

“W-” Holly tried to reply, but a flash of bright light startled her into silence, and she found herself once more in the school's forest, with no sign of the goddess' domain or the mysterious clearing. The soft hubbub of chattering students drifted through the trees as she looked around, slowly gathering her bearings. A loud whistle sounded, and she recalled the teacher's instructions at the start of the break, telling them that he'd blow whistles to indicate how long they had left before needing to return. She had no way of knowing which whistle that was, so it was best if she set off back to the group now, to ensure she wasn't late. Just as she was about to set off, a sudden shock of terror rolled through her body as she realised she was still completely naked. Her bladder contracted violently as she began to hyperventilate, and she bent double as she shoved a hand over her crotch and wrapped her arm around her chest to try to hide herself. Looking around in a panic, she saw her PE clothes folded neatly on a nearby flat rock. Recalling how she'd urinated all over them as she prepared to get into the goddess' pool, she prepared herself for the worst as she unravelled her shorts, but found them completely clean. Her socks and shoes too, showed no sign of her near-accident earlier, and she quickly clothed herself as she danced subtly on the spot. 

Another whistle sounded as she finished tying her trainers, and she hurried out of the wood, cradling her bladder lightly as it jostled, joining the students returning from across the grounds. As she filed in among the growing group of students, the teacher pointed to a group of students slowly making their way across the near field and shouted “RUN!”. As they reached the group, he blew the whistle one last time to signal the beginning of the next lesson period. “The next period will be for combat training. As mentioned at the start, combat training will cover many different styles of combat, armed and unarmed, ahorse and on foot, ranged and melee, et cetera. For this lesson though, we'll be looking at the most basic of basics – hitting someone, or something in this case, hard. Follow me to the gym and we'll get started.” 

Walking slightly pigeon-toed, Holly followed the rest of the class up the hill and across the playing fields. The teacher led them through an area with an assortment of exercise machines, eventually arriving before a more uniform arrangement of rows of identical machines, each consisting of a cushioned pad connected by an arm to a display device. “These machines are designed to measure peak punching force,” he explained as the students assembled. “The bottom line is that you punch it and a number pops up. Rather than being calibrated to any particular unit, they give a number between 1 and 100, which will represent your grade when you're assessed on this later in the year. To begin, just start having a go at trying to get some numbers from them, and once you've seen what you can do, we'll talk about how to punch properly. One thing I will say though before you begin, is make sure you're not wrapping your fingers around your thumb when you go to punch; that's how you break bones – yours. Now, find yourself a machine and get punching.” 

The students scattered, each to one of the many available machines. Holly chose one in the corner of the room, out of the way of her classmates. She pressed her thighs together as she squared up to the machine, and flailed at it with her fist, striking the pad lightly as she stumbled to the side. The machine registered her hit at a 42 – a poor grade by all accounts, but surprisingly high for how clearly awful the hit she scored was. Righting herself, she repositioned herself before the punching bag, and this time she tried to get into some semblance of a stance. She shivered as she forced her thighs apart, and stood bobbing up and down with a grimace on her face as she tensed her pelvic floor against her spasming bladder. Wasting no time, she drew back her fist and launched it with all her might at the device, stumbling forward as the bag recoiled against her onslaught. 

Urine rushed toward her exit as she staggered toward the main body of the machine, and she put her arm out to catch herself and pressed her legs together as she leaned against the device. She caught a glimpse of the readout of the machine as she grimaced in discomfort: 68 – a more respectable score than last time, especially given her urgency and the singularly poor punching form it produced. She gave the machine a few more tries, careful to limit her motions to focus on holding the swollen lump in her belly, until the teacher called the group back in. Her scores showed a slow increase from low to mid fifties early on, to low sixties by the time she was called back. 

Holly placed herself carefully on a bench, sitting on her heel, as the teacher began describing proper punching technique. She bounced up and down anxiously, unable to focus on the demonstration as her bladder pulsed in her belly. Soon, the teacher finished his explanation, and Holly returned to her corner, trying to look nonchalant. Taking advantage of everyone focusing on trying the new techniques, she paced about in front of the machine with a hand deep in her pocket, pressing against her labia. After a few moments like this, she saw motion in her periphery that could've been a head turning, so she jerked upright and pulled her hand away in a hurry, turning her attention back toward the machine in front of her as she took up a stiff punching stance once more. 

She continued with her punch attempts for the rest of the lesson, interrupting them frequently for short pee dances whenever she felt no one would be looking, and managed to stay largely inconspicuous in spite of her urgency. Even as the lesson dragged on and her stance got worse, her punch strength scores improved continuously, and by the time the teacher called the class in to end the lesson, she was punching consistently in the low 80s, making her one of the strongest in the class. 

“Alright, gather round, that’s the end of the lesson.” Mr. Drinkwater announced suddenly. Holly crossed her legs and squirmed on the spot as her classmates left their machines behind and gathered in the open area of the gym, allowing them to get ahead before she followed awkwardly. She placed herself down on a low bench as the teacher began to speak, sitting rigidly with both hands pressed into her lap. “Good work today, you did well. I’ll now lead you back to the changing rooms and you can get dressed. It’s not quite the end of the school day yet, but consider yourselves dismissed as soon as you finish changing; even if you change quickly, you’ll be within a few minutes of the bell. Mr. Green,” Holly started as the teacher addressed her directly. Her bladder pulsed in surprise, and she tensed up as she looked toward him. Ignoring her visible discomfort, he continued “I understand you have detention with Mr. Dent after class. He told me he’d be waiting in the sports building lobby; report there for your detention now and you can get changed afterward.” 

Carefully, Holly rose to her feet and walked woodenly to the gym doorway, tensing her pelvic floor tightly as she strained to not give anything away while all her classmates’ eyes were on her. A wave of desperation built as she crossed the room, and she sped up toward the exit as she felt her control slip. With each step, she felt liquid squeeze further along her short urethra, threatening to spill as she tried to escape the limelight. Passing through the doorway at speed, she came immediately to a halt on the other side, waiting desperately for the door to shut so she could burst into a frantic toilet dance. As it swung back behind her, a sudden loss of urethral tension and attendant spray of hot wee into her clothing informed her that half-closed would have to do, and she dropped into a deep curtsey, bending forward and shoving both hands into her pockets, pulling her dampened shorts forward as she squirmed tensely. 

Pulses of pressure rolled through her abdomen, building in intensity as she strained to regain control of her spasming sphincter. As they reached a peak, she couldn’t help but vocalise her distress, moaning softly with her lips pursed as another splash of wetness ricocheted within her clothing and scattered against her thighs. Her control began to return as this last spasm faded, and she was able to straighten up somewhat and begin making her way along the corridor, walking awkwardly on account of both her lingering discomfort and her attempts to wipe off the rivulets that had begun working their way down her legs by rubbing her thighs past each other. She had been hoping she’d get the opportunity to make her water before her detention, but as the only door ahead of her led straight to the foyer where Mr. Dent was supposedly waiting, that didn’t seem very likely. Her only options were to hold it for the full hour or to find an opportunity after her fellow students had left the area to ask to be excused. 

*034*2022-10-12 15:49

Well, it's not a new chapter (sorry if you were excited about getting more so soon), but I've been fiddling with an AI image generator and managed to make an image that I'm satisfied looks like our protagonist, so I thought I'd add that here: 

&&

This is Holvar Green. He wants you to understand that he's just an ordinary guy who does ordinary guy stuff at his male-only school. Also there is definitely nothing interesting going on just out of frame in this image. "Huh, 'what's with the sweat and steam?' Uh, I'd just... been doing some, uh, exercise, that's all. Really." 

*036*2022-10-12 17:39

Perhaps slightly - it was difficult to get it to give me the size I wanted. She should still have a vaguely feminine figure though: as I mentioned before she's relying quite a lot on the assumption that she fits the requirements for being there just because she's there, and she's fairly well-endowed otherwise so the binding can only do so much. 

*038*2022-10-12 22:17

I have the checkpoint files for a couple of different stable-diffusion-based image generators and use them with a python-based UI that offers a variety of extra features. Here

's the link to the UI github; there's also a link there directing you to stable diffusion. Waifu diffusion is another checkpoint file I have, that is designed for anime-like images. 

*042*2022-10-13 10:04

{{7 hours ago, Mariomo said: 

You beat me to the idea of magic power scaling with fullness! 

}}

I'd love to see more stories with this gimmick, so please feel free to use this idea if you feel you have a story that works with it. Don't feel like I have some sort of ownership over any of the ideas here. 

{{6 hours ago, Ms. Tito said: 

She could very easily avoid suspicion by learning how to pee standing. 

}}

I assure you, she's not going to get past of today without at least some practice on that, but I'm not sure it'll make it so easy to avoid suspicion... 

*044*2022-10-14 18:32

{{8 hours ago, Keita123 said: 

Edit: Tried the AI thing. Nothing good comes out. What's your setting? 

}}

So in order to get this thing to work well, you have to be quite adept with your choices of prompts, and if you want something specific like I did, you need to do multiple passes using the image-to-image options with masking. You also need to be prepared to discard a large amount that don't fit. 

I also had to crudely sketch on the belt and sash in photoshop, then use image-to-image to make it look like an actual belt and sash, because there was no good way to make it generate them on its own. It's fair to say that it was quite a lot of work both learning how it worked and how to make it do what I wanted, but still far less than actually learning how to draw. 

There's probably some Youtube videos or something that can tell you how to make it give you what you want better than I can, but I didn't use any. 
