Hot Female Teacher in High School Desperation

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-05-03 15:19

Ms. Landers was 30-year-old history teacher. She had dark hair, nice breasts, good-sized hips, and was wearing light-colored pants that day with a white shirt. Unfortunate for her, many of her male students suffered from OOD (omorashi-obsessive-disorder) lol.

Ms. Landers was writing on the board, ten minutes from class being over, when all the sudden, she felt a twitch in her bladder. That twitch then became a sudden urge of bladder pain beating inside of her saying, "Bathroom time! I need to exit! Find a toilet please!" Those last ten minutes were the longest of Landers' life. Sadly, as she sat, feet up at her desk, crossed, some of the male students were extremely turned on. She felt the pressure inside building up and then the bell rung. She got up, grabbed her bag, keys (one of which was for the private teacher's lavatory) but placed them down when Kevin, a student came up.

"Hey, Ms. Landers, I had a question about the assignment for tonight..." he said with a smirk. Her leg went back and started to shake from the growing desperation. "It's on this chapter on Washington..."

Landers tried to focus. She said, "Well, basically the assignment is about how to put on a good government." Another student, Greg, was close by shaking his water bottle back and forth. Landers looked away in agony. She could feel she needed a toilet, now! "Um, Kevin, is that it, because I really have to-."

"Oh sure, Ms. Landers. Thanks." Him and friends walked off, but were not done yet.

Landers locked her classroom up and hurried down the hall crowded with people. They were not moving fast enough. She grew concerned remembering how she lost her first teaching job: she wet her pants in front of the whole class. Parents were angry that a teacher would do something so horrendous. This made her anxiety grow remembering that, and of all the kids laughing at her.

She finally made it to the teacher's ladies room. Lucky for her, she was the only lady teacher on this floor, so it was very likely unoccupied. She looked at the door handle which had a "unoccupied" in the spot where the lock changed the sign. She placed the key in, breathed with relief, turned it and....tried to turn it again....and again, but it would not budge.

"What the...?" she said. Landers looked and saw this key was not the bathroom key. Not far behind, the boys from class held the actual bathroom key. While Kevin had asked her questions for schoolwork, another boy sneaked it off her desk and removed the restroom key. Landers kept looking, through her bag, pockets, she was fighting a losing battle with her bladder. Out of frustration she started to bang on the door, wrestled with the handle. This only made it worse, as more of the OOD students saw she was desperate and wanted to part take on the action. Her stomach started to growl from a full bladder taking up space and she ran down the stairs.

Every step was agonizing bumps of added pressure to the poor history teacher's bladder. "Oh boy," she said. "I can't have an accident. I can't pee myself in front of all fellow staff and students. Can't!" One of the students knew where she was headed. He made it to the teacher's lounge before her and occupied the one bathroom in there. Landers ran in, grabbed the bathroom door handle and the sigh of relief made her bladder start to give away thinking she was going to finally go. But, it would not open. "No....No," Landers cried. She knocked on the door and said, "Umm....are you almost done in there? I really, really gotta go." The student remained silent, turning on the sink at full blast and flushing the toilet.

The student said in a ruffled voice, "I had a bad stomach ache. I can't really tell you." The sink and toilet watery sounds made her almost lose control of her orb of pee inside of her. Ms. Landers could not wait! She ran out of the lounge and down the hall to the handicap bathroom. There was no key needed, it locked from inside. She was just about there when Mrs. Alheart, a new teacher, young, hot, ran right past her in tight black pants, and black jacked, brown high heels, and pushed Landers out of the way to the ground. Landers grabbed her crotch, almost losing it. Alheart, before closing the bathroom door, said:

"I'm so sorry!" Alheart started to bounce. "But I've been holding it all day. I can't wai-" she slammed the door and locked. Landers wanted to wait, but could not. She needed a bathroom like yesterday.

She hurried down the hall, legs inwards at the knees, seeing the students, teachers, realizing in great fear she might have an accident in front of everyone again. She could lose everything, her job, friends, respect in the town. Her heart raced, and she reached one of the student restrooms. They had multiple stalls, and she went in. All four stalls had a member of the cheerleading squad standing in front. Landers begged, "Um, um girls, excuse me but I really, badly have to," as she rushed in the girls pushed her away one by one.

"We see the way our boyfriends look at you all the time," a cheerleader said. Each one was a girlfriend of the omorashi obsessed teen boys. "This is not so much personal, but punishment. If making you wet yourself gets you tossed out of this school, I'm for it." The other girls nodded in agreement. Landers' heart raced faster.

"What? But girls I...I...." one leg automatically crossed the other. She held herself, hopped in place. "Girls, pleasssse. I just signed a lease on the new apartment for another year. I can't lose this job."

"Too bad," one of the cheerleaders said. Landers almost broke down in tears but started to feel it. Urine was breaking through. Her bladder had reached the max capacity and then some, so it was started to head out whether she liked it or not. She rushed at the stalls again fighting with all her might but the cheerleaders pushed her out. Right before she went back in someone grabbed her from behind.

It was Principal Powers. An old, grumpy man. "Ms. Landers, I have been hearing talks you have been holding inappropriate positions in front of students."

Landers said, "But sire, please I..."

Powers said, "No no no, we need to talk." He grabbed her by the arm and dragged her into this office, seating her across his desk.

Ms. Landers was holding herself on her light-colored pants which would clearly show any leaks. She worried about the embarrassment. Her legs crossed waving around over the other. Powers went on to explain, "Now, whether it is from some urge of tendencies or not, you must know that-." Landers could not hear him. Her nerves were making her shake too much, and she felt her whole stomach start to expand. Her mouth was shut tight in a frown. She had to find a toilet, a bathroom, now! Powers said, "Understand, Ms. Landers?" Landers nodded in agreement to nothing she heard. "Good. Then you can go back to your room and rearrange everything. Should take the rest of the day. Do not stop until it is done."

Landers stuttered, "Y-yes, ssssssssir. I just need to go to the bathroom very fast."

"Absolutely not!" Powers said. Landers heart sank. "I asked you if you would forgo any bathroom or lunch trips the rest of the day to finish your room. You agreed."

Landers could not believe it. Her own pain caused her demise. Oh, if only she had tried to focus better. Why is this happening to me? I don't deserve this....why!?!?"

Powers followed her back to her room. This meant climbing up the stairs. She started to cry tears, knowing there was no way she could make it. "S-siirrr. Please. Just thirty seconds. I can't wait, I need the bathroom please." Right then, Mrs. Alheart, who stole the bathroom before, walked by in relief, drying her hands on cloth.

"Ahh," Alheart said calmly. "Hey Ms. Landers. Thank you so much for letting me cut in front of you. It would have been humiliating to wet my pants in front of everyone."

Principal Powers nodded. "Yes, indeed. I can't think of anything more career-crushing and humiliating." Landers looked through the shards of her tears. She felt like she could lose control of the body of yellow water inside of her any moment. Alheart tapped her foot heel, making a clapping sound on the floor. One of the OOD students came by and offered them some sparkling water. He said they were giving it to the teachers as a reward for being awesome.

Principal Powers and Mrs. Alheart smiled. They took their cups as the student slowly poured it. Seeing the water pour, making a splashing sound, made Ms. Landers erupt into uncontrolled pain. She didn't know what to do. She blushed, tears ran down her face, knowing she was going to lose. She thought, I can't believe it is happening again. All I wanted to do was go pee. I'm going to have an accident, and everyone will see it. How could I lose my key, face the occupied restroom, those girls and--wait? Landers realized the boys from class had done all this. She thought she saw her key on one of them while in the halls. She went to her room, saw that the boys had left their backpacks in her class out of excitement to follow her and cause her to become desperate.

An hour later, the boys picked up their backpacks, laughing at a turned around Landers as they walked out. She was smiling......with an empty bladder.....and dry pants. The boys went into the hall and swung their backpacks on and out came splashed of yellow, smelly pee. Students turned around and gasped. They assumed the boys peed themselves. They all pointed and laughed at them and Powers who walked by Landers room to tell her it looked great, saw the boys.

"Dear sweet lord. You boys are coming with me. I want you after school, every day, for the next month. I'm going to teach you to learn how to control your bladders." he pulled the cruel boys away in defeat.

Ms. Landers had won the war.

DELETED SCENE:

Landers did not forget about Alheart. After she went in the backpacks, Landers placed strong glue meant to fix walls on Alheart's seat. She also cut up a few of her laxatives and mixed it in Alheart's coffee mug. When the final bell rung, Alheart's class left. Her belly then grumbled. It was pain of expansion, and she felt her butt opening up. Her bladder had also become full.

Alheart got up but couldn't. She was glued to her chair. Her heart sank and she said, "Oh.......no." She could not even cross her legs due to the glue. She grabbed her crotch and bit her lip. She did not have much time. It was coming out. She tried pulling herself up using the computer. She tried swinging herself off by force. Nothing worked. Her stomach growled even louder. So loud students and teachers looked in her room.

Alheart was humiliated. She put on a fake smile and said, "Oh.....h-hey everyone I-." An eruption of hot force filled her stomach. Her toes curled up on those high heels, tears rained from her eyes. She could not believe what was about to happen. Her phone rang. A familiar voice said over it: "Hey Alheart, revenge is either sweet or stinky like what you're about to do. There's glue remover under your desk.....if you can reach it in time." The voice hung up.

Alheart looked underneath her desk. There it was: glue remover. She bent down which was agonizing as it only pushed on her waste, she reached out desperate to save herself. She was crying so hard. "Oh come on, please please! I can't soil myself." Poor Mrs. Alheart reached as far as she could but it did not work. She thought and envisioned people making fun of her, her next job finding out about her accident. What if kids recorded it? I can't pee or poop myself. I can't! She used her leg to kick it over. Then used her feet to grab and throw the bottle up. All this made the pressure inside 100x worse. She could feel the beast slipping through the cracks. She used the glue remover on her butt and it worked. Alheart was free.

She dashed into the hall. "I'm gonna make it! I'm gonna make it. Yes!" Then, Landers came around the corner and opened the bathroom door, smiling. Alheart's throat dropped into itself. She fell into despair. Landers occupied the bathroom. Alheart fought the handle but it was too late. "No No No NO!" People watched, some in horror as the hot teacher had waste of all kinds leaking out from her waist, pants zipper, and heels. She cried so hard and covered her mouth and many laughed. "Oh my god....O....I......can't believe it." It was a mixture of brown and yellow, her belly deflated, she felt it.

"Look, Mrs. Alheart is going in her pants!" many students laughed. Alhearts worst fear had come true. She really thought she had made it. But she didn't. She saw Landers behind her.

Landers said, "You're turn."

Alheart, crying so hard, said, "Wh-why? It's not fair."

Landers remembered why she got fired from her last job. "Life is never fair." Alheart could see all the people circling her, laughing at her unfortunate event. She was so embarrassed.

She ran away, waste still falling.

ALTERNATE ENDING ###

"Ahh," Alheart said calmly. "Hey Ms. Landers. Thank you so much for letting me cut in front of you. It would have been humiliating to wet my pants in front of everyone."

Principal Powers nodded. "Yes, indeed. I can't think of anything more career-crushing and humiliating." Landers looked through the shards of her tears. She felt like she could lose control of the body of yellow water inside of her any moment. Alheart tapped her foot heel, making a clapping sound on the floor. One of the OOD students came by and offered them some sparkling water. He said they were giving it to the teachers as a reward for being awesome.

Principal Powers and Mrs. Alheart smiled. They took their cups as the student slowly poured it. Seeing the water pour, making a splashing sound, made Ms. Landers erupt into uncontrolled pain. She didn't know what to do. She blushed, tears ran down her face, knowing she was going to lose. She thought, I can't believe it is happening again. All I wanted to do was go pee. I'm going to have an accident, and everyone will see it! Landers' legs were twisted. The student held a cup in front of Ms. Landers as well asking if she wanted. She shook her head very hard. But the student poured it slowly right in front of her face. She watched in horror as some drops even splashed her face. She felt her bladder moving around inside.

Landers ran. Legs tight together, but ran. She had to make it to the bathroom, she just had to. She was not watching, and one of the OOD students spilled his water on purpose so she slipped. He caught Landers, but it caused her legs to spread and scared her. Her panties were hit, and people stared as her pants had a stain that went from small to huge in seconds. "Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!" Ms. Landers yelled. It spread out through under near her shoes. Pee even got on her shirt. She stunk and was soaked. No one deserved an accident this embarrassing.

One of the boys said, "Dang, maybe we made her wait too long." Ms. Landers cried as it just kept coming out. Many of the girls ran away, the cheerleaders stood by nodding in victory.

Principal Powers came by and looked outraged. "Ms. Landers! I can't believe this!"

Landers cried and begged, "But sir......I......please, I-."

"YOU'RE FIRED!!! And I'll make sure this incident stays on your record for any future interviews you may have." Landers could not believe her ears. She was still raining from her pants. She lost everything. People left as she fell to her knees in her own pee. Hands on face, crying in defeat.

*001*2017-05-04 16:53

Can't believe no one liked this. Damn.

*005*2017-05-04 23:29

{{1 hour ago, Apan said:

I gotta be honest. There was too much of American Pie-ism about the plot, what with all the conspiring students and all, no one would get fired over wetting one's pants and the superglue/laxative revenge turnaround pushed things over the edge. Too many non-believable elements and circumstances killed the cat, Im afraid. It could have turned into a great authentic story with a more plausible development. Perhaps you could make something out of the supposed former wetting of Ms. Landers?

Also, although it's a personal preference, the approach with multiple endings is kind of a buzzkill too. I think you should have picked one outcome and stuck with it.

}}

I appreciate the feedback. Never seen American Pie though lol

