Arisu's Desperate Adventure: Chains are Unbreakable

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2017-01-02 04:33

AN: It's been a long while since I posted anything, but I've been in a Jojo mood lately and I figured there could be some really interesting things I could do with omorashi and stands. There's no depseration or wetting in the prologue, unfortunately. This merely sets up the main characters and the story. I'll be uploading the next chapter very shortly, and that one will contain desperation, because there's not much point in posting an omorashi story with no omorashi in it.

P.S. See end of each chapter for musical references.

Prologue: Sugimoto Arisu

Morioh Town. Population, 58,741. A peaceful town located in Japan’s M prefecture next to S city. It’s a simple town that still holds the remnants of the ancient time of samurai. Villas and rice fields still litter the less-developed parts of town.

It was only twenty years ago that Morioh went through some rather explosive development. Rice fields were turned into land for houses, streets were repaired, and stores and markets began popping up in the center of town.

Just last summer, some really bizarre things started happening all around town. People with unique abilities, called Stands, began popping up all over town. It’s said these people, called “Stand Users” are drawn towards each other naturally.

I don’t quite remember how it happened, but I, too, gained a Stand ability last year. Perhaps that’s why I was able to meet those two guys who roped me and my friends into a crazy adventure of my own.

This is the story of my very own “bizarre adventure”.

###

“Daiyaka-san!!”

The angry yell came from a girl stomping down the halls of Budo-ga Oka High School. The girl had intense, pink eyes and dark brown hair that flowed down to her shoulders, with bangs parted down the on her left side and tucked behind her ears with a gold star pin. She was wearing as standard navy blue sailor-style girl’s uniform, but she had a button with a red heart pinned to her shirt just above her waist and off to the right, and she was wearing red thigh high stockings.

She approached a boy with mid-length black hair and amber eyes. He was clad in a boy’s uniform, but he had an up arrow pin on the right side of his collar, and a down arrow pin on the left side. The boy also had a clean, horizontal scar on the right side of his face.

He turned around just in time to spot the girl and let out a shocked “Arisu-san!” before she grabbed him roughly by the shoulder and slammed him into the wall.

“Daiyaka-san! What’s the meaning of this!” Arisu asked, holding up a half-eaten bar of chocolate, “I left this bar of chocolate in my shoe locker for later, and I know you know the combination! Not only did you eat it, but then you put it back unwrapped where I keep my shoes! I can’t even eat the rest of it now!”

Daiyaka let out a heavy sigh and shrugged, “Oh, it was something like that...”

“What the hell do you mean ‘something like that’!?”

“I mean, I wasn’t the one who ate your chocolate bar.” Daiyaka replied.

“Don’t give me that crap!” Arisu yelled, “You’re the only one who knows the combination besides me. It had to be you!”

“Do you think that explanation works in this school?” Daiyaka asked, “Or have you forgotten.”

“You mean, you’re going to blame this on a random Stand User!? You’ve gotta be kiddin’ me!”

Arisu reeled her arm back as though she were going to punch Daiyaka in the face, but as she pulled back, her arm bumped into someone behind her. She immediately let go of Daiyaka and whirled around, bowing and apologizing to the person behind her.

Meanwhile, Daiyaka rubbed his shoulder, looking up at who Arisu had bumped into. Suddenly, his eyes widened, and he stumbled back into the wall in astonishment.

“W-wait, y-you’re…. You’re the manga artist, Kishibe Rohan!”

Sure enough, standing before them in the middle of a school hallway, wearing his standard outfit, was Kishibe Rohan. Behind him was a high school student from their school. Although he was a high school student, he stood on equal height as Rohan. The top of his uniform jacket was pinned open, one side with a gold, heart-shaped pin and the other with a gold peace sign pin. Though perhaps the most unique thing about him was his meticulously combed and maintained pompadour.

Arisu also looked up, giving off one more apology, “S-sorry, I wasn’t paying attention.”

Rohan shook his head, “No, it’s fine. You didn’t see me behind you. You didn’t do it on purpose.”

“Kishibe Rohan-sensei,” Daiyaka spoke up, his eyes still wide, “If I may ask, what brings the famous manga artist of Morioh to Budo-ga Oka High School? Is there some sort of event going on that I didn’t know about?”

“A fan of mine, huh?” Rohan asked, grinning slightly, “No, unfortunately, there’s nothing like that. I’m just here doing some research. After all, a high school is a rather popular setting in manga.”

Rohan turned to leave, when the high school student behind him did a double take and glanced back down at Arisu.

“W-wait, Rohan… that girl, isn’t she the one we’re looking for?”

Rohan’s eyes widened and he looked down at Arisu as well. The manga artist reached into his pocket and pulled out a photo, holding it up and comparing its contents with the girl before them.

“Y-you’re right!” Rohan noted, eyes widening further, “It might seem completely improbable but… we just wound up bumping into her!”

Arisu tilted her head, “You were looking for me?”

“What’s your name?” Rohan asked, “It’s important that you tell us your full name, right now!”

The intensity of Rohan’s voice startled Daiyaka, but Arisu stood her ground, “My name… is Sugimoto Arisu.”

Rohan and the high school student’s eyes both widened at her response.

“S-Sugimoto…” Rohan echoed, “That would explain the photograph.”

Arisu frowned, snatching the photo out of Rohan’s hands, “Say, why do you have a photo of me in the first place?”

“It’s a long story,” Rohan replied, “Josuke.”

Rohan turned to the high school student behind him, who looked back at him with wide eyes and pointed to himself dumbly, “W-wait, you want me to explain it to them?”

“It would be better if someone closer to their age talked to them, don’t you think?” Rohan asked.

Josuke let out an exasperated sigh, “I thought I was just showing you around… tricking me like that isn’t great, you know.”

Despite his protests, Josuke turned towards the two high schoolers and explained the situation, with Rohan butting in every now and again, seemingly to get on Josuke’s nerves. Apparently, Arisu was related to someone named Sugimoto Reimi, a girl who died when she was 16 at the hands of a serial killer. Arisu confirmed this, stating that Sugimoto Reimi was the name of her father’s late younger cousin.

“This might be hard to believe, but up until recently, the spirit of Sugimoto Reimi resided in this town as a bound spirit,” Josuke replied, “She wanted to make sure someone put a stop to her killer’s serial murders.”

“Y-you’re telling me the person who killed Sugimoto Reimi was still loose after all this time?” Arisu asked.

“Yeah,” Josuke nodded, “He was a real piece of work. A psychopath known as Yoshikage Kira.”

“Anyway,” Rohan interrupted, “An old associate of ours was trying to use a special ability to communicate with Sugimoto Reimi’s spirit. Well, it was more of a thing he tried to do just to see if he could. He wasn’t able to reach her, but he managed to take two pictures of you.”

“Wait,” Arisu asked, “Two pictures? But you only showed me the one.”

“T-that’s becasue the second one is... “ Josuke turned his head to the side and scratched his cheek, “Well, see for yourself.”

Josuke turned to Rohan, who nodded and passed another picture to Arisu.

The brown-haired girl looked over at the picture with wide eyes. The picture showed her, standing up with her hands chained over her head and black chains wrapping around her entire body.

“Our associate’s photos have a certain level of clairvoyance,” Rohan explained, “We believe you are in some grave danger, so we came to seek you out and find you immediately.”

Arisu let what she had just been told sink in, staring down at the photos with wide eyes.

“Pfft.”

Arisu brought a hand up to her mouth and started laughing, “Pfffftttt, hahahahaha! Danger, you say? You misunderstand. You mentioned your associate having a special ability, right?Then I guess it’s also assume to say you both have one.”

The two stared wide eyed as Arisu raised her hands above her head and crossed her wrists over one another. A pink aura appeared around her, and a feminine figure appeared behind her. The feminine figure, much like the picture of the Arisu in the photo, had chains wrapping around her entire body, as well as bandages that covered its chest and crotch. The figure’s eyes were covered with some sort of opaque visor, and it possessed flowing pink hair. The skin of it’s flesh was colored a baby blue, and that chains wrapping around it were a dark purple color.

Rohan and Josuke both stepped back at the appearance of the figure, gazing at it with wide eyes.

“You can see it, right? My stand, ‘In Chains’,” Arisu replied.

“A… A Stand User!?” Josuke exclaimed.

Rohan merely shrugged his shoulders and turned to leave, grabbing Josuke’s shoulder as well.

“Come on,” Rohan replied, “Let’s go.”

“But wait!” Josuke frowned, “She’s a Stand User!”

“So?” Rohan asked, “It really doesn’t matter. We came here to warn her about a danger, but it was just her stand, right? So we don’t need to worry.”

Josuke shook his head, “That’s not necessarily true! My old man might be going senile, but his spirit photos wouldn’t just show a random Stand User for no reason! Arisu!”

Josuke pointed to the brown-haired girl, “Let me ask you something. Have you noticed anything unusual going on at school recently?”

Arisu placed a finger on her lip, “Hmm, not that I know of.”

Josuke nodded, “Great! I hope it stays that way, but be on the lookout for something strange.”

Arisu frowned, “You know, now that you mentioned it, there is something really strange in this school.”

Josuke looked back at Arisu with wide eyes, “W-wait, really? What is it?”

Arisu smirked, narrowing her eyes and pointing up at Josuke, “That ridiculous hair of yours. It’s the strangest thing I’ve seen in a while, to be honest!”

Daiyaka, who was watching the exchange, facepalmed, “That Arisu… she always has to point it out when something’s bothering her. She can’t ever shut up if she notices something she finds stupid!”

“She… she came out and said it…. She came right out and said it!” Rohan exclaimed, his voice filled with panic.

“Sugimoto Arisu…” Josuke began, his face obscured by the shadows falling over his eyes, “What…. WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU SAY ABOUT MY HAIR!”

A pink aura with a gemstone-like sparkle glistening in it emerged from Josuke, forming into a humanoid shape and solidifying into Josuke’s stand, Crazy Diamond.

“Dora!” the stand cried, reeling it’s arm back and punching forwards.

Arisu’s stand emerged before her, crossing her arms in front of her and blocking Crazy Diamond’s first punch. Crazy Diamond then drew back, raising both arms and preparing for a full-on barrage.

“Dorararararararararararara! Dora! Dorararararararara!”

Despite Arisu’s best efforts, her stand wasn’t able to withstand the flurry of punches flying from Crazy Diamond’s fists. In Chains staggered backwards, and it’s cross guard was broken as both it and Arisu slammed against the wall behind them.

“Josuke! Calm down!” Rohan tried, but to no avail. No matter how loud he yelled, Josuke wouldn’t hear it. That was just how Josuke got when people insulted his hair.

“You’ll pay for insulting my hair, bastard!” Josuke yelled, glaring at Arisu with eyes alit with fury. Crazy Diamond tried to reel back for one final punch, but Josuke felt his arms get caught.

Purple chains appeared around Crazy Diamond’s arms, and the two arms were bound together. Crazy Diamond staggered as it’s arms were caught, and Josuke followed suit.

“W-what!? Why you….!”

Arisu grinned, “My ‘In Chains’ has the ability to ‘seal’ things it touches. I’ve sealed away your punches by binding your arms together. You won’t be going ‘dorarararara’ at me any time soon! Still, your Stand… is really, really strong.”

Rohan grinned, “Now’s my chance, HEAVEN’S DOOR!”

Rohan rushed up to Josuke and a visage of Pink Dark Boy that looked like floating lineart appeared, touching Josuke’s face. The skin started peeling back, revealing paper like a book. Rohan grabbed a pen out of his pocket and quickly wrote in “I will forget Sugimoto Arisu insulted my hair”.

Rohan then closed the pages on Josuke’s face and called his stand back, and Josuke looked around, dispelling his stand in the process.

“Huh? What was I doing?”

Rohan then let out a heavy sigh, “That was a close one.”

He then turned to leave, dragging Josuke behind him, but before he started off, Josuke paused and turned back to Arisu.

“That Stand of yours is pretty strong. I don’t think we have to worry about you,” Josuke replied, “but just in case, I’m Higashikata Josuke, a second year. My homeroom is class 2-F, so you can always come find me if you need any help. My Crazy Diamond’s ability can heal people and repair things, so don’t be afraid to rely on me!”

With that, both Josuke and Rohan started down the hallway, leaving Arisu and Daiyaka alone once more.

“Now,” Arisu turned back to Daiyaka, with an angry look on her face, “about my chocolate bar… In Chains!”

Alice called her stand back, and the two stood menacingly over Daiyaka, Arisu cracking her knuckles as she approached him.

“I… I didn’t eat your chocolate! I swear! A-Arisu-san, let's be reasonable.... ARISU-SAN!"

<To Be Continued ======

Musical References:

Sugimoto Arisu and her stand, "In Chains"- A reference to the American 90's rock band band "Alice in Chains"

*001*2017-01-02 08:36

AN: Didn't mean this to take this long, but here's some desperation finally! As a side note, I'm going to be making this very tongue-and-cheek, basically exaggerating the Jojo-ness of the entire story. I don't know how long I'm going to make it, but I do know it's not going to be a short ride, that's for sure.

Chapter 1 - Trouble at Budo-ga Oka High School

Sugimoto Arisu sat in class, letting out a heavy sigh as she zoned out of the dull lesson the teacher was giving at the moment. History always bored the hell out of her, so she really couldn’t be bothered to pay attention to these lessons.

Daiyaka sat in front of her, a lump on the top of his head from where she dished out the divine punishment of a woman whose sacred chocolate was eaten. It might not’ve been him, but the probability of it being someone else was pretty low, and she probably wouldn’t find them even if she tried.

He had tried to run off to Josuke and ask for healing, but Arisu had dragged him to class instead, insisting they’d be late if they didn’t get back. Daiyaka was writing notes and grumbling something about it not being him, but Arisu was too bored to care.

Arisu let her eyes and mind wander as she rested her head in her hand, wondering how long it would be until the last bell of the day signaled their freedom. As she glanced around the room, however, she noticed something odd. The girl beside her, a usually elegant and well-composed girl named Yamamoto Reika, sat hunched over in the desk across from her.

It was enough to get Arisu’s attention, and the brown-haired girl turned her head to face Reika.

The girl had long, black hair that was tied up into a neat ponytail, and emerald green eyes. She had a rather appealing figure for a girl as well, meaning she was rather popular amongst boys.

However, instead of the composed expression she normally wore, she had something of a worried look on her face. Reika was pressing her thighs together in her seat, and both hands were jammed between her legs as she wriggled around.

No matter how you looked at it, Yamamoto Reika definitely needed to pee.

“I wonder how she got into such an unfortunate situation?” Arisu thought to herself, looking over at the black-haired girl.

Reika shifted around in her seat, letting out a small moan as she rubbed her knees together. Her notes were forgotten as she kept both of her hands pressed firmly into her crotch, disappearing into the folds of her scrunched up skirt.

Arisu glanced at the clock. There were fifteen minutes left in class, but she couldn’t tell if Reika was too desperate to hold it that long. She definitely looked like she had to pee, but Arisu knew from experience that you could often hold it beyond what seemed like your limit if you fought it hard enough.

Reika began bouncing a leg up and down as she wiggled around in her desk, very occasionally glancing around the room to see if anyone had noticed her predicament. Alice snapped her head back down to her own paper and pretended to jot down notes until she felt Reika’s eyes move off of her. Arisu risked another glance and found Reika had returned to gazing down at the desk in front of her, seemingly struggling with holding it.

Suddenly, Reika let out a squeak. It was so quiet that, had Arisu not been focusing on her, she would’ve likely missed it. The black-haired girl leaned forwards and froze in place, closing both eyes and squeezing them shut as she whimpered.

Arisu glanced back at the clock. Three were still ten minutes left. At this rate, Reika wouldn’t be able to make it. However, asking this teacher wasn’t an option either. She was the kind of person who wasn’t really strict about a lot of things, but really cracked down on things like the bathroom and other methods of getting out of a lesson. There were a number of delinquents who would leave class to “use the bathroom” and return quite some time later, so Arisu figured she just didn’t want to deal with those types of people.

Still, Reika was the type of person who was known for her grades and attendance. It was possible even this teacher would let her go to the bathroom if she just asked.

However, that was only a possibility, and if Reika asked and was denied, she would have a significant portion of the class watching her closely until the class was over.

With heavy breaths, Reika doubled over, crossing her legs and wriggling around with her head nearly on the desk. She was shaking, and tears were forming in the corners of her closed eyes. Arisu watched as she twisted around in her seat, trying to find a position where she could at least be a little more comfortable. Soft, barely audible moans were escaping Reika’s lips as she struggled to hold on.

From her seat next to Reika, Arisu heard the black-haired girl mutter to herself under her breath.

“I… I can’t… hold it….”

Reika’s entire body tensed up and she scrunched her face, pressing and shaking her legs violently as she tried to keep herself dry.

Reika moaned, sweat dripping down her forehead, and slowly removed a hand from between her legs. She was going to ask the teacher permission to go to the bathroom.

Suddenly, however, someone else shot their hand up, calling out the teacher’s name. It was another girl, with short, light brown hair and large breasts. Arisu’s brain could not provide her a name for the girl.

“Sensei! I really gotta go!” the girl whined, “Can I use the bathroom, please?”

Arisu gave the girl a once over and noticed that her other hand was, in fact, jammed between her legs. Yet it was clear just by looking at her that she didn’t have to pee nearly as bad as Reika.

“There’s only five minutes left in the lesson. You can hold it!” The teacher stated sternly.

The girl with big breasts sighed, but she didn’t seem too bothered by that answer. Reika, on the other hand, lowered her hand, looking rather disheartened.

Reika jammed her other hand back between her crotch and let out a strained whimper. She scissored her legs open and closed under her desk as she fought desperately against her bodily urges. Arisu found herself sympathizing with the black-haired girl.

Reika was changing her position every ten seconds or so now, shifting back and forth, wriggling around, sitting on her heel. She couldn’t keep still and Arisu was surprised that barely anyone else had noticed Reika’s situation.

Like that, the black-haired girl fought her way to the end of class. She had her upper body doubled over onto her desk and her hands jammed far up her skirt when the bell rang and her eyes shot open.

“I made it somehow!” Arisu heard Reika mutter to herself. The black-haired girl removed one hand from her crotch and reached down to grab her bag. Throwing her notebook and pens into her bag with much haste, Reika stood up and hobbled out of the room.

Arisu was too invested in Reika’s predicament to not find out if she made it to the bathroom or not. The brown-haired girl stood up and grabbed her stuff quickly, following Reika out of the bathroom and spotting her staggering down the halls.

The bathrooms were at the end of each hallway, and there was still a significant distance to walk ahead of Reika.

The black-haired girl hobbled with both hands between her legs, not caring how she appeared, as she made her way as quickly as she could to the bathroom on that floor. Arisu, who was following behind her, noticed that Reika was leaving a few wet droplets here and there on the floor behind her.

By some miracle, the black-haired girl made it to the end of the hallway without wetting herself completely, and staggered into the bathroom. Arisu followed her in, and her eyes widened when she noticed that all three of the stalls were occupied.

“No no no no….!” Reika whimpered, dancing in place as she hopped from foot to foot. She wriggled around, turned, and squatted down, pressing her heel up between her crotch.

With ragged breathing, Reika bounced in her spot on the ground until she heard one of the toilets flush. The black-haired girl instantly shot up and darted in front of the stall. She danced around and moaned as she waited for the person inside to leave, and the second the door opened, she pushed past the girl roughly and slammed the stall door behind her.

Not even a moment later, Arisu heard an incredibly loud hissing sound coming from the stall as the sound of a high pressure stream striking the porcelain toilet bowl reached her ears. Another toilet flushed and Arisu went inside, having to pee a little bit herself. She sat down in the stall and began peeing, still listening to the sound of Reika relieving herself in the stall next to her.

Even after Arisu finished up, she could still hear the steady flow of urine from Reika, which just started to die down and trickle off. Arisu left her stall and went over to wash her hands when she saw two girls talking next to Reika’s stall.

“Wow, she pissed for a long time, do you think it was that weird curse?” one of them, a girl with blonde hair and ganguro fashion asked the other.

“What curse?” the other girl, a plain-looking girl with short pigtails asked back.

“You mean you haven’t heard? It happened to a girl in my class the other day. We went to the bathroom together after lunch, but then only an hour later, she was dancing around in her seat. She just barely made it to the bathroom, and when she got there, she pissed for like, five minutes!”

“What, no way!”

“It’s true. It’s not the first time it’s happened, either. Apparently there’s some weird curse where girls will just have to pee really bad all of a sudden, like their bladders magically fill up super quick or something!”

Arisu’s eyes narrowed at the conversation. It was strange to think about, but Reika wasn’t normally the kind of person to let herself get like that. It might very well be possible that this “bladder curse” was actually a Stand’s ability at work.

Arisu left the bathroom and made her way to the front of the school and the footlockers. She had someone she wanted to talk to about this.

###

“It wasn’t me!” Daiyaka frowned, crossing his arms in irriation at Arisu, “Stop making unreasonable assumptions!”

“Eh? Unreasonable?” Arisu asked, “Ain’t it true that you totally have things for watchin’ girls needing to pee?”

Daiyaka made an uncomfortable noise, “E-even so, you know my Stand’s abilities.”

Daiyaka raised one of his crossed arms over his head in an arch and held the other out, moving his hands to point up and at Arisu, respectively. As he did so, a blue aura surged around him and a masculine figure appeared behind him. The figure was less organic and more robotic in nature, though it did have an underlying fleshy torso. Out of it’s front were six cylinders, arranged like the dots on a dice. They were connected by what looked to be metal tubing which wrapped over its shoulders and connected to its pointed shoulder pads. It had visibly robotic joints where its elbows would be, and it’s hands looked to be completely comprised of robotic components, though they still had all the articulation of human hands.

The head was connected to the body with a cylindrical shaft surrounded by exposed wires and piping, and the face was covered by a domed helmet with an opaque glass visor that went over the top of the skull. On the back of the Stand’s hands, there were two plates with arrows on them, both facing outwards away from the wrists. On the stand’s back, there were two long vertical ridges where the piping from the cylinders in the front connected to. The ridges ran the length of the stand’s back and there were what appeared to be plasma tubes stored horizontally at regular intervals, bridging the gap between the two ridges.

“Contact,” Daiyaka replied, “My Stand, Contact, doesn’t have that kind of ability.”

Arisu nodded with a sigh, “I guess, you’re right. Still, if it’s not you, then who do you think it is, then?”

Daiyaka shrugged, “Who knows. Some perverted Stand User, probably.”

“But,” Arisu frowned, “Why did this only start recently? If this Stand User gained their ability last summer, then why did they only start making girls desperate now?”

Daiyaka rubbed his chin in thought for a few moments, “Maybe they didn’t want to-mmph!”

The black haired boy was cut off when Arisu grabbed him and placed a hand over her mouth. The two ducked around the corner of the shoe lockers, glancing to look back at Arisu’s locker.

It was the same girl with light brown hair and big breasts from Arisu’s class. She approached Arisu’s shoe locker and grinned. She reached out her hand towards the locker, and it simply phased through the metal.

Arisu narrowed her eyes and watched as the girl removed the candy bar she had placed in her shoe locker. The candy bar, like her hand, merely phased through the shoe locker door, and the girl smirked whirling around with the candy bar held up as her prize.

“Hehehe, it totally worked!” the girl grinned, “I totally did this earlier too, and that poor bastard Daiyaka got blamed for it. Hahahaha!”

Behind her, a rather nondescript Stand appeared. It was had a curvy, feminine figure, and was translucent, with a purple body and what looked to be twinkling stars floating within it. It’s face has segmented eyes, and it possessed the same large chest as its user.

“My Everclear allows me to phase through any inanimate object! I win! I can take anything I want without consequence!”

Just as she was about to reach out and unwrap the candy bar, however, chains shot out of the candy bar and latched onto her hand.

“W-what!?” The girl asked, “What’s this?”

The chains wrapped around her hand and wrist and shot out, shooting into Arisu’s shoe locker and dragging the big-breasted girl’s hand towards it. The big breasted girl found herself chained to the shoe locker, unsure of what was happening.

“What!?” the girl replied, shocked, “I… I can’t phase through these chains!”

“You said your Stand allows you to phase through any inanimate objects right?”

The girl’s eyes widened and she glanced over at the source of the voice. Arisu was standing with her hands on her hips, glaring at the girl who was about to steal her candy bar again.

“I guess these chains, since they’re part of my stand, ‘In Chains’, count as a living object.”

“Y-y-you’re a Stand User, too?”

“That’s right,” Arisu grinned, bringing her stand out and showing it to the girl, “My ‘In Chains’ allows me to seal or bind together anything it touches. Though, it doesn’t have to activate right away. In Chains already touched that candy bar, as well as the foot locker door. When you grabbed it, I activated In Chains and your hand was bound.”

Arisu glared at the big breasted girl, “Now, you thieving little bitch, you’re gonna pay for eatin’ my chocolate bar, ya hear!”

“I’m sorry! Please, don’t hurt me!” the girl begged, “I recently got this stand ability, so I got a little cocky. I won’t use Everclear to steal anymore, I promise!”

“Alright,” Arisu nodded, “I forgive you.”

“H-huh? Huh?” the girl looked up in shock, surprised that begging worked, “I’m off the hook.”

Arisu nodded, “Yeah, I’ll let you off the hook.”

She turned around, and the chains binding the girl to the foot locker disappeared with Arisu’s stand.

“However,” Arisu smirked, “I wonder if Daiyaka-san will feel the same way.”

The girl with big breasts turned to look at the angry figure shadowing above her. Daiyaka stood, with a stern glare, his stand, Contact, already summoned and a blue aura surging like electricity around the two.

“You got me blamed for stealing Arisu-san’s chocolate… I still got the bump on my head from that. And what was that I heard you call me? A ‘poor bastard’ was it?”

“Eh, you misheard me?” the girl tried, looking up in fear at Daiyaka.

“Nice try,” Daiyaka replied, glaring down at the girl, “Contact, let’s Robot Rock!”

Contact unleashed a flurry of punches at the big breasted girl, who brought Everclear out to try to defend her. It did little help, however, and both her and Everclear got battered in the barrage.

After the fast punches, Contact reeled its arm all the way back and punched Everclear one last time, sending her and her user flying backwards.

The girl landed on her back a few feet away, sprawled out and clearly unconscious. A dark patch started spreading out from between her legs, and it became very obvious from the smell and color that the girl had wet herself.

Daiyaka looked on in surprise, immediately bringing his arms up to defend himself against Arisu, “Hey, I didn’t make her do that, I swear!”

Arisu nodded, “Yeah, I know. I guess she didn’t go after class, even though she was the one who asked the teacher. Maybe she wanted to get to my foot locker before I got a chance to grab my stuff. Still, there was something I was concerned about.”

“What’s that?” Daiyaka asked, tilting his head to the side.

“She said she recently got her Stand. But both you and me got ours last summer. I haven’t met many other Stand Users, but the ones I have also got their Stands last summer. If she was telling the truth, then maybe there’s something to Josuke-san’s warning of danger.”

<To Be Continued ======

Musical References:

Daiyaka's stand Contact: Contact by Daft Punk released on their 2013 Album "Random Access Memories"

Everclear: The 90s alternative rock band Everclear

