The High School of Desperate Teachers (Hot FEMALE teachers wait in LINE) - Page 2

Author: Rick Dixon

*029*2017-11-18 20:07

{{19 hours ago, Brown&yellow said:

Oh, wow! This so hot!

}}

You should read my other one about high school teachers vs the bell

*033*2017-11-29 18:50

ATTENTION: I will finish this story AND take a suggestion on stuff to put in you want if someone Direct messages me and writes a story I want. As in I have an idea and I would like you to write it. In return I’ll finish this and add in stuff you want. More than one person can direct message me. I’m not asking for a Five chapter thing like this. But a littl work.

If tou you want direct message me and say you’ll do it

*037*2017-12-05 21:08

New chapter

“No stop wait!” Ms. Chandler yelled. She grabbed the janitor. “You have to open that bathroom now. I’m desperate. I need to pee!”

The janitor pushed her off. “You should’ve listened to the announcements. Principal even said teacher could use the student bathrooms if they needed. Not my problem.”

Ms. Chandler pulled her hair and grabbed the bathroom handle. She pulled on it and pulled harder and harder needing to get in that bathroom and unleash the force inside her body ready to blow. Or else it would all be in her panties and pants.

The janitor pushed her away. “Calm down! Enough, alright. Those are new, metal extreme locks. A crowbar can’t break them.” He walked off.

Ms. Chandler shook uncontrollably. Her bladder was filled past limits, belly inflated tight against her pants waist that it felt like knives digging into her, and the fear and feeling she might explode in public any second. In front of all her student and staff. Tears and sweat drips from her eyes and her breathing and heart rate picked up. No more toilets. The water was off, bathrooms all locked and out of order...and that means

“Oh...my...god!” Ms. Chandler cried on the verge of explosion. Her legs crossed and hands pushed against her crotch.

“Ms. Chandler,” Marison said. “You’ll be ok. You can hold it until the hour is up and then go home.”

Ms. Chandler turned red. “Easy for you to say! I’m literally ready to burst. You got to go at least.” Ms. Chandler has no choice. She had to go to class. She stumbled off as the weights of her bladder made her trip foot to foot. She pulled out her hair bun and short brown hair fell down. “Ooohhhoooo,” she moaned in agony.

“Poor girl,” Ms. Marison said. Yet with relief since her bladder was empty and pants dry.

In class Ms. Chandler walked in slowly and across her students. They looked at their teacher walking with her legs tight together and hips back and forth. She sat down on her chair and kicked off her shoes and pulled off the socks. Her feet were sweating from the pain and pressure. She looked down and saw her belly visible and expanded over her waist, her belt cutting into her from the tightness causing more pain. She took off her orange jacket and dug her hands deep against her crotch to plug up. Every second that passed a new pulse, each worse than the last ranged throughout her body. Ms. Chandler looked up at the clock and saw the hour that was left. She so badly wanted to get up and run to the bathroom but all the toilet were turned off and bathroom doors locked. She was trapped. If she had an accident in front of her students and other staff it would be humiliating.

“Um, Ms. Chandler?” a girl raised her hand. Alicia. She wore a tight red shirt and black dress pants. Ms. Chandler looked at the shaking student. “Are there really no bathrooms working in the school?”

Ms. Chandler was losing sight of the girl due to the tears in her eyes and pain causing a blur. “Y-y-yes Alicia. Sssorry. Now class open your bladders I MEAN books to chapter 1…oooohhhhhooo.” ONE. She had to go number one.

“But I need to go!” Alicia said.

Chandler felt so bad for her student. “I’m sorry Alicia but-.” Ms. Chandler watched in horror as Alicia cried and peed all over herself at her seat. Pee streamed out from the bottom of the senior student’s pants and formed a puddle on the floor. Alicia cried as if spurt from out of her butt and down off her seat as well. Students backed away, some laughed at the poor girl, but seeing Alicia pee herself and the pee dripping off the seat and splashing onto the floor caused a tremendous amount of pain for Ms. Chandler. Her hands went deeper in her crotch and legs squeezed tighter to hold in the waterfall about to explode out of her.

Ms. Kringle was a mile away from the school stopped on the street. She waited outside her car and shook, her hips waiving back and forth as her blue jeans beat into her swollen bladder. The blonde teacher could not wait much longer.

“Officer I’m sorry but are you done yet?” she asked.

The cop checked her ID. “Ms. Are you aware this license has expired?”

She stomped her foot. “Damn. I’m sorry. Look, I really got to-.”

“One moment while I call the DMV.”

She pulled her hair. Even worse, the sprinklers went on in someone’s yard. Seeing the drops fly in streams and splash made her swollen crotch groan. She held her belly tight and bit her lips. Eyes water, feeling a spurt in her panties. “Officer you really need to hurry up, I have to pee!” She was embarrassed asking, but she had no choice. She was about to burst.

Ms. Chandler was sweating from her hair to her bottom bare feet as her muscle all over felt like they would pop out due to her pee pressure being so bad. She rocked in her chair. A spurt of pee came out of her body, escaped and stained her panties. She could feel a small wet spot form in her crotch area of her tan light pants. “Oh…man….errrr.” Ms. Chanlder knew she would explode any minute now unless she took drastic action. Meanwhile poor Alicia covered her face crying. She was humiliated, and Ms. Chanlder saw that as her future.

Her eyes widened as she felt cracks opening inside her bladder..

TO Be CONTINUED…

*042*2017-12-11 20:17

THE FINALE…Who bursts? Who makes it? And why am I asking you these questions? Lol seriously enjoy:

RECAP: Average high school, a bunch of female teachers forced to wait to use the school’s one toilet bathroom for teachers. As time goes on the teachers who wait, their desperation grew and grew. Ms. Marison almost burst, but made it just in time. Ms. Chandler was next, but the school’s water system was shut down due to broken stuff, and now with one hour left of the day (a slow hour) she is forced to wait while she is literally seconds away from bursting in her pants in public. Ms. Kringle, she thought she could escape. But was stopped down the road by a cop and is now taking his time to check her ID. Ms. Kringle is bursting. Now, our story continues:

*

Ms. Kringle’s eyes were wide as the pain of expanding in her belly and bladder grew in shock wave throughout her body. Her body spasmed from holding in the ocean inside. Her legs crossed and locked tight up to the crotch. She felt a drop or two already slosh in her panties, and the warm feeling made it all so much worse. She pushed her hands deep in her jean’s pockets and arms tight to her side. She shook. I’m not gonna make it! I’m not gonna make it! She thought. The sprinklers in the yard across the street from her only caused more agony for the poor teacher who had to pee so badly her vision went blurry.

The only person in town who could understand Ms. Kringle’s pain was Ms. Chandler. Ms. Chandler was still stuck in the toiletless school. She bit onto her bottom lips and hips squirmed in her seat as her hands pushed against her lightly damp crotch (she leaked a little) to hold it in!

Her student Alicia, who wet her pants, ran out of the classroom crying with her hands over her face. Seeing the accident made Ms. Chandler’s pain so much worse. She had to hold on. It could not end here. 32 years she had not gone in her pants, back then she was a mere baby. She was a grown adult. This could NOT happen. NO!

“Um, Ms. Chandler?” a student raised his hand.

She shook. “Y-y-yes, BBobby?”

“Are we going to do anything in class today?”

“Yeah,” said Sara, another student. “Are you going to call the janitor to like clean up Alicia’s mess?”

Ms. Chandler had to. But then that would expose to her a bucket of water and mop for cleaning. She did not think she could handle the pain. However, she had no choice, and dialed the number. Ms. Chandler had not been this worried since back in college years ago where she had a friend named Harry. Harry was a smart student. And her best friend ever. He admitted his love to her in his graduation speech during their graduation ceremony. Hundreds heard it.

She felt so worried then because the truth was…. she did not feel the same way. BECAUSE she had pretended to be more than friends with Harry to get help on her studies. She gave him the wrong idea, and at that ceremony she could only pretend to laugh hoping it could go either way. Except the whole stadium laughed at poor Harry. He ran off the stage heartbroken. Ms. Chandler tried to find him after that, but did not search hard. She even told her friends that night, “the guy got the wrong idea. He should know better.” She was not a bad person, but did a very bad thing. But this pain right now, she did not deserve it.

The janitor arrived and started to clean up. Ms. Chandler could not get up and teach. The kids had a test Monday anyways. Let them study. So, everyone had their books opened (God knows many had their phones behind them) and she waited in pain. The janitor came up to her and handed her a muffin from the cafeteria. Her favorite flavor: chocolate chip. “Sorry about what’s happening today. Little treat to cheer you up.” She smiled as best she could, and enjoyed the muffin. It was nice and did distract her UNTIL she felt leakage. Another spurt popped out and went down her leg. Despite how tight her pants where it was no use. A little line went from her butt’s bottom to the side of her knee. She was bursting like a damn and she knew it.

BUT THEN, she felt something worst happening. “Oh…no….”

Ms. Kringle was on the verge of an intense explosion. Her mind of what would happen pounded the inside of her head. She became dizzy. Her belly had grown swollen over her belt. She fainted right there. The cop called an ambulance.

Ms. Chandler who had that intense hot pee feeling ready to burst, like a sharp object pushing out from the inside, intensified when her stomach growled down into her belly with a more solid yet watery feeling. Ms. Chandler had to POOP NOW TOO! Seeing the mop squeezed and drained in the bucket made her woozy. She could not take it anymore. She was going to lose control soon or-“THAT’S IT!”

Ms. Chandler sprinted out of the classroom barefoot, and her belly hanging out bare over her pants waist due to being filled with so much of a full bladder and poop. RED ALERT RED ALERT!!!! She felt it. A huge, fast blast of mixed pee and poop of epic proportions about to burst out of her into her panties and pants. “No, No, No, NO! No, no, this can’t happen,” she said running around. She knew all the toilets were locked, but she could not think about that. She grabbed the girl’s room, banged and pulled on the knob, pushing her foot against the wall as her hands clenched the knob. The same for the boy’s room, the male teacher toilet, and the female toilet for teachers.

She squeezed her butt cheeks together and took in a deep breath as her belly which was exposed from under her shirt physically shake because it was about to explode. She felt like multiple knives were piercing out of her butt and stomach and front crotch, and only her constant squirming and tight legs (which were becoming looser due to numbness) was keeping it in.

The janitor joined Ms. Chandler in the hallway. “I’m sorry I had to do this to you sweetheart.”

Ms. Chandler froze. “W-what?!?”

The janitor said, “My name is Jack Baker. I have a son you may know. His name was Harry.”

Ms. Chandler shook and could not move. She was losing it. She knew as tasty as those chocolate chips were in that muffin there was something odd. LAXATIVES!

The janitor Jack said, “Revenge darling.”

The ambulance and EMTs and police officer were around Ms. Kringle who was passed out on the ground. One of the EMTs poked her huge belly. He said, “Whoa! Poor woman must really have to go.”

Everyone was around her. People from the street came out and formed a circle She awoke, and like a lightning strike, her bladder surged with pain. “I HAVE TO PEE!” She shot up and grabbed her crotch and started to dance around. She was losing it. “Oh, come on, come on! Where’s the bathroom?!?” She froze as she felt her crotch opening. Her dam was breaking down and the pee was coming out. It was bursting through. “Oh, no, no please NOOOOOOOO!” Just like that, she felt her bladder explode inside. A powerful stream of pee shot out and like that soaked her panties.

People gasped as they saw this poor teacher crying from embarrassment Her jeans darkened so much that tiny unseen rips that were in a couple spots exploded open and streams shot out of her. A puddle formed on the street, making a flood that had not happened there since the year 1919. Her panties felt like a weight and dropped off her crotch, along with her jeans exposing her butt crack. She slouched over, turning red, stomach feeling like butterflies flew around in it because she could not take it. A couple of pervs took video with their phones. In today’s social media, she would never recover. She dropped to her knees and covered her face. “WHHYYYYY!?!?”

Back in the school, the principal went over the intercom. “Teachers and students, please report to the auditorium. A quick assembly will occur on important matters for the upcoming dance.

Jack said, “Harry was a bright boy. He had a future. You used him to get by. Now? Well, he’s doing better now. But for years you caused him depression due to that day at graduation. He was humiliated. It was in the papers, on the town TV news. Imagine that kind of humiliation today. Everyone has a camera, post it online quick.

Ms. Chandler started to cry. Slowly she saw people exit the classrooms. “Please,” she begged. “I’m sorry for what I did to Harry. But-.”

“That’s why I noticed you would rush to the bathroom most days. So, I messed with the plumbing, and now gave you laxatives with that full bladder. Prepare for humiliation darling.”

Ms. Chandler could not believe this. She never had hope. She saw students pass her and knew she would explode any second.

She ran. Crying and ran down the halls past everyone. She did not know where she was doing but she was seconds away from losing it. Then she passed the lounge. THERE! She saw a porta potty. Why was there one inside the school? She did not have time to think, she just ran. She opened the door, shut it closed, ripped her pants buttons apart and pulled her pants and panties down and sat with her legs open. “OOOOOOOOOOHHHH YEEAAHHHHHH!” She felt relief. She closed her eyes and saw nothing but darkness, but then there was light for some reason. She did not care.

Her belly and bladder deflated as streams of pee and poop shot into the toilet. She let out moans of relief as her body spasmed from the good feeling knowing she just avoided an embarrassing accident. She thought she saw flashes and heard whispers. She was sure that it was all just in her head, until she opened her eyes….

The lounge was connected to the auditorium. There was a removable wall between the two so students could easily when plays went on go to the stage and backroom to relax. But the whole school sat in the auditorium. Students, teachers, counselors, the Janitor Jack who smiled in vengeance. The walls of the porta potty had come down. It was just a stage prop! Not a real toilet. Ms. Chandler just went to the bathroom, pants down in front of everyone in school. People took pictures, video, the principal looked furious.

Ms. Chandler, who was still going, turned red at the face, her legs twitched. She got up from the seat and her shirt went over her crotch covering it. Her knees went inward and shook. How could this happen?

Two cops came up on the stage and handcuffed Ms. Chandler. “What…what are you doing?”

“Well,” one cop said. “We were coming to tell the principal his teacher Ms. Kringle may not be at school for a few days since she went through a more “traumatic” incident than you. But you…this is indecent exposure. You broke the law.

“You’re coming with us to the jailhouse. You have the right to remain silent,” another officer said.

Ms. Chandler was marched off stage with her pants around her ankles, face red as a cheery, stomach in knots, realizing her life was over. Her reputation was dead. She cried and brought her head down. She thought for a second maybe she deserved this. Harry was not the first guy she ever used for her own selfish needs.

Janitor Jack got a call on his cell. “Hey son! Yes of course I’m still coming to you and your wife’s house for your birthday. Hey, I got something to tell you when I get there tonight. Let’s call it a second gift.”

THE END.

**before anyone thinks this is too dark, Ms. Chandler and Ms. Kringle are both based on teachers from my old middle school who made me wait in class and I wet myself and was humiliated for a year because of it. This is my way of letting out that anger in writing. Happy Holidays! **

*045*2017-12-11 22:35

{{3 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

It was that janitors fault that Ms.Chandler got arrested sure she did Harry wrong but that was years ago I feel so bad for her and Ms.Kringle

}}

So you hated my story’s ending?
