Three-Way Omo Play

Author: RTY1

*000*2020-02-27 04:09

Earlier this month I posted a short story called 'Sensual Control.' It was my second-attempt at writing an omorashi-based erotica story. Because people seem to have liked it, I'm willing to post the first story - and this was my first attempt, something which is even more awkward as again, I have no character development, not even names, just action.

This story plays with both female and male desperation, with a female master who is also desperate to go.

--

All three of them needed to go, but it was mutually decided this time that one of the girls, the slender blonde, would be testing the other two, a brunette with shoulder-length hair and an athletic build, and a guy who wasn't athletic, but not overweight either, average.

All three of them, in their evening together, wore or removed various articles of clothing; the 'master of ceremonies' blonde stripped completely naked. The guy kept his boxers on, while the brunette took everything off but a short skirt and light pink underwear. All were in their mid-twenties.

At this point, all were shaking a little, but none were bursting; that would come shortly via the master's game plans. In the bathroom, the brunette sat on one side of the ledge with her legs parted but not wide open; the man, more brave, sat next to her with his left foot on the ledge, causing his legs to be open wide. The master knelt on a pad in front of them, bare. Shivers of excitement pulsed through all three. Ensuring to help keep the bathroom warm given their nakedness, as well as part of the game, the blonde turned a facet on, hot, and not wide open, just a dribble into the sink. She would use this to fill the two glasses she brought in with her.

To start, she tenderly opened the fly on the man's boxers and let him slightly out. Her idea was to only allow his tip to protrude, not the whole thing. It's easy to stimulate the whole shaft, but torture to just focus on the head and nothing else, which was thankfully circumcised. That, after all, is where he'll be struggling to hold it in the most. With her fingers brushing along his left leg, encouraging those shivers, she lightly set him down on the front of his underwear; who wants to drip all over that anyway? More of a challenge.

Turning towards the brunette and stifling the urge to reach down on herself given her need, she gently reached up and stroked one of her nipples, up and down slowly, while advancing towards those light pink panties. She had no intention of touching what was under them, at least not yet. Neither the brunette or the man were allowed to use their own hands, obviously.

The master parted the brunette's legs enough to put her face towards the inner side of her left thigh and lick once, while her left hand gingerly pinched the pink cotton, pulled it towards her, and let go, causing it to snap back into place. Willingly, her legs opened more while her hips rolled back, a natural reaction to the urge to pee. Nearby, the guy's right leg jiggled up and down a little. She looked in between his legs; that red tip remained there, dry but under pressure.

The master, her own hips swaying for a second, stroked up between her legs once, feeling the soft horizon of her tight lips, which had a minor dusting of very short hair; she liked it short, not totally shaven but not hairy either. Behind the pink cotton in front of her was smooth skin, soon to be visibly showing struggle.

--

Ten minutes later, after a few drinks, she returned to the guy who, by this point, was shaking slightly. Her first challenge was simple: Let some go - but only a spitting, with a stream strong enough to avoid the pale fabric of his boxers. A squirt that wouldn't make a mess anywhere but the floor.

On her command, he let go with as much force as possible before instantly stopping. She watched closely. Of course, starting, even as hard as possible, still meant he got some on his boxers. As he struggled to regain control, she watched with excitement as he jumped up and bounced a little, his hole trying to squeeze shut causing the whole thing to move. She took hold of it as he sputtered to a dribble, which dripped onto his underwear. She could feel him pulsing as she held him; she moved in and lightly licked him clean.

She didn't stop there; ensuring only to focus on his tip, she stroked in small circles as he fought to hold it in. A dribble appeared. As punishment, she lightly flicked him. He turned more red, and would have bounced up and down had she not been holding him in place by the head. His shaft pulsed, and she stuck her tongue against his hole, gingerly licking up and down in a tease. She could feel a slight hardness, not nearly as much as he would be had she given proper attention to him. It was torture.

To her left the brunette remained with her legs wide, legs which were dancing up and down. Her panties were still dry, but she was doing a real job keeping them that way. Her hips rocked back and forth as she instinctively held on to her breasts, breathing somewhat hard. Giving him one more sideways lick while doing her best not to touch herself or let her own dribbles out, she crawled over to the brunette, guided both hands up her legs, and with both index fingers, stroked either side of her panties without daring to touch the sensitive middle. She decided to let her make the same squirt as the guy next to her, providing relief while also ensuring her desperation only doubled rapidly. She pulled the pink aside to reveal large, smooth, deep hairless lips, told her to raise her right leg and position her foot on the ledge like the guy, and as briefly as possible, squirt a tiny stream out forcefully.

Obediently, she pushed a bit out before stopping as best she could, her hips rocking back violently, those lips pulling back slightly as she fought herself closed without the help of finger pressure. She loved the pulse of struggling lips as much as she liked the desperate bobbing of a guy's head and shaft. The brunette let out a small cry of struggle. The master, herself clenching, waited for her dribbles to subside before flicking her dead centre and then letting her panties, still dry, return in place. As the brunette shuddered, the master dug her index finger between those lips and pushed upwards to create a camel toe and thin out the coverage provided by the cotton; it would be easier for her to stroke the outer edge of those lips while avoiding what was in the middle, something she would attend to later during the height of her fight.

With a very fine paint brush, she stroked it up and down the outer regions of the girl's lips while she grunted and breathed in struggle; her hips rocked almost violently, her bottom almost swiveling in place as she did her best not to change the colour of the pink in that camel toe. The guy trembled as he tipped over another glass, the gentle facet in the sink still running and producing steam from the hot water. Grunting himself, he lost a spurt as his tip jumped up in a quick spasm of desperation. The master, who with her legs kneeling apart also lost brief control, shook her head ominously at him while he did his best to remain still.

The two sitting in front of her were not the only ones being tortured; she was torturing herself by giving all her attention to testing them while avoiding herself. She could not grab, put any kind of pressure on herself, or, more importantly, pleasure herself. She was left to struggle just as they were, with no touching or stimulation or help whatsoever. With her attention focused on the brunette's struggling lips and the guy's bouncing tip, she was able to feel aroused to a degree, which helped, but that didn't stop her from losing a bit of liquid. Soon enough she'd need to have a drink too.

Returning to the guy, she felt up his chest, came to rest on his lower body, took gentle hold of his tip and licked as she squeezed with the other hand. The objective here was for him to avoid peeing into her mouth. He groaned and grunted, and she could feel his hole work against the tip of her tongue. He spasmed, and a big grunt later, a squirt had been lost in her mouth. She drooled it out over him, rubbed his legs, and then flicked his tip again, twice, while he trembled and spasmed. Not finished, she took her paintbrush and spun it over that head, flicked it back and forth, and then reached up to do the same to his nipples. Turning it around, she carefully inserted the end about two millimetres into his hole and began stroking his head in any manner she could think of as pee leaked along the shaft of the brush. He was trying pretty hard. Meanwhile she was clenching as hard as possible, her butt jiggling and her lips engorged with pleading arousal as pee trickled down her legs.

She checked on the brunette, who had just emptied a glass of warm water. Her hips had gone from rolling, rocking and gyrating to shaking and, every few seconds, jumping forward as if she were suddenly stopping a massive urge to go. A wet spot had finally appeared on that cute camel toe, enough to show pee had trickled out. She took her handy brush and slowly rotated it in a stroke up one side of her tight, clenching lips, then down the other. She was obviously aroused, but not nearly as much as she would be if that brush was concentrated on the sensitive gland in the middle, the one the master had been avoiding the entire twenty minutes they'd been there.

She put her thumb into that camel toe, against the source of that wet spot, and wiggled a little as the brunette responded by gyrating again and crying out. Her legs needed attention as they moved; she stroked them quickly with her right hand before then putting mild pressure on her lower abdomen. Spreading her lips while clenching hers as tightly as possible in a wide-legged kneel, she licked the brunette's hole just as she'd done the guy's, but unlike him, she got several squirts in the face. She didn't seem to be quite as strong. Snapping those panties back into place and putting pressure between those desperate lips with her index finger, she flicked the brunette right in the sensitive spot.

All three took another glass of water.

The game went on like this for another hour. Eventually, one by one, they tired out. The brunette went first, soaking her panties into a dark pink as the master slapped and flicked it, attempting to stop her to no avail. The guy's squirts became isolated streams, his head over-sensitive and semi-hard yet losing the ability to withstand that internal pressure. The master herself finally gave in, her occasional dribbles and squirts longer and longer until she couldn't stop no matter how much she squirmed, rocked, and shook. All three were in desperate need of relief - not bathroom relief, but sexual relief. Due to the nature of the night, the delayed orgasms meant all three had multiple after their game rather than just one. It was something worthwhile.

--

Something like this pretty much hits what I'd want to do right on the head. Though I massively prefer female desperation, male desperation does something minor for me, and it would probably do more in real life. Again, a scenario like this is highly unlikely. At least I can write.

*002*2022-01-24 20:12

Oh thanks. I'm rarely ever here nor do I write much so this is encouraging.

