Sis, you too?

Author: Roleing579

*000*2024-10-03 10:51

Spoiler

Chapter One - No one saw it coming

Things were starting to crumble in Anna’s life. What began as a successful business venture, very quickly turned into a sad state of affairs. Covid-19 washed away the sales of her recently inaugurated bakery, leaving her absolutely devastated.

Anna, a young adult, 22 years of age, a born entrepreneur, had completed her education in Business Management, and had dived right into the market. Her vision was clear, open a bakery that sold premium cakes, cookies, biscuits and coffee. Pour in all her resources and expand. She had identified the places to source the raw materials from, budgeted the expenses, found the right people for the job, and the final piece that fell perfectly happened to be this brilliant spot, right in the centre of a busy street in an upbeat neighbourhood.

Her single mother, and sister were more than happy to help her out with the initial capital, and true to her words, in just months of starting her business, Anna had begun the process of returning the money in instalments. Things looked good in paradise, one could say.

Unfortunately, Anna found herself among the many who had to shut down their businesses during the pandemic. Without sales, there was no way she could pay the rent, which meant, inability to give out salaries, and the credit account shot up in regards to the vendors.

Devastated was an understatement. But one thing that worked well for Anna happened to be the support she received from her family. Specifically from her sister, Beth. Two years older, Beth was pleasantly happy with how things turned out in her life. Intervention of Covid-19 proved to be a blessing in disguise. A year ago, Beth had landed a job in one of the top cybersecurity companies. Working on projects that involved collaboration with some of the finest in the industry, her career was going in the right direction. With the pandemic now in the picture, she no longer needed to go to work, as remote working had become the norm. In the comfort of her modest apartment, Beth was living her life, now having all the time to indulge in her kinks.

Anna and Beth had always been close. Apart from the fierce rivalry growing up, much like most siblings in that age. And as they grew up, the two became a pillar of support in their respective lives. Beth had been talking to Anna for weeks now. The distress calls, gradual descent in Anna’s mood, and finally, the inevitable, all this crushed Beth’s heart. She no longer could witness her baby sister endure the blows that life hurled at her. Finally, after discussing with her mother who lived miles away in the farm, Beth managed to convince Anna to come live in her apartment.

Anna’s spirit was affected. She had tried everything in her disposal to keep her business afloat. But the ship eventually sank. Bags packed, her apartment vacated, and the branding of the bakery brought down, quickly rented out to another enterprise, life felt heavy as the girl boarded the flight sobbing quietly. In a few hours, she would be landing in her sister’s city, unsure how things would pan out.

Now Beth had a dilemma, or one could say, slight challenge. You see, while Beth loved having her sister over, a few things she did in the privacy of her home now needed to come to a stop. No longer could she just wet herself nonchalantly around the house, wear a diaper and mess herself when the desire struck, and one of her best indulgences, of having to pee in places she shouldn't, would no longer be possible. Beth had informed her lover, Sarah, who happened to be around her age, sharing a brilliant friends with benefits kind of relationship with Beth. They agreed that going forward, all the messy indulgence would be had at Sarah’s place.

Throughout the day, Beth had been tracking Anna’s flight on her phone. It was late evening, and it would take the older sibling about an hour to reach the airport. Dressed in a pair of jeans, a white T-shirt, a brown jacket, and heels, Beth found herself waiting in the arrival lounge a few minutes before the flight arrived. She had a coffee in one hand, and a phone in another.

Immediately after boarding the flight, Anna requested for two large whiskeys. She downed them both in one go, slipped on an eye mask, and had slept through the entire flight. It was only when the wheels touched down over the tarmac, she woke up, and looked out of the window. Anna then proceeded to gather her luggage, and walk out. Happy to see a familiar face in the crowd, the younger sister waved to the older one, and what followed was a long moment where the two hugged it out.

“You’re gonna be just fine, I believe in you” said Beth, helping Anna with the luggage. Quickly, they were out of the airport, driving back home. Beth could see that the recent turn of events had a strong impact on her sister mentally. On any given normal day, Anna would not stop talking. Her excitement in life was just infectious. So full of life, she’d always been. But right now, seeing her lookout of the window sadly, as the car cut through the roads, it was indeed heartbreaking.

“Anna, listen… I am not saying you need to start feeling better this very moment, I know how much the business meant to you. I’ve seen you give it your all. It sucks that this has happened… All I am trying to say is, I am here for you. Take all the time you need, and push through these tough times. Don’t blame yourself, okay, no one saw this coming” said Beth, in an assuring tone.

—————————————————

Chapter Two - Fuck! I wet the bed!

“Noo!! Noooooo!!! Fuck!!!!” Those were the exact words that Beth heard, while engrossed in reading a book. The sounds came from Anna’s room, which was just a few steps away. Alarmed, and concerned, Beth rushed towards her sister’s room, and in panic she opened the door. “Anna! Are you okay?” Beth blurted out.

Standing beside the bed was Anna, her light yellow night shorts were soaked, the blankets were off the bed, and a huge wet patch, almost a perfect circle, was staring right back at her. Very soon, Beth realised the reason Anna screamed in agony. Her little sister had peed herself in sleep.

A few minutes back Anna was sound asleep. In her dream, she was in the bakery, tending to customers on a busy day. Between serving a few, and billing the rest, under her dress, she couldn’t help but squirm constantly. Finally, when she could no longer endure the sharp sensations in her bladder, she asked one of the staff members to cover her for a minute, before excusing herself to the bathroom. In there, she pulled her pantie down, and sat her ass over the toilet, and let out a torrent of pent up urine with a sigh. But in reality, Anna sighed as she hugged the pillow, as she peed through her shorts unrestrained. It was at the near end of her wetting when she felt something was off. Her eyes were first to open, and what followed was her hand reaching between her legs. Hot pee was still tricking out, and it was then she bolted off the bed.

“Fuck! What’s wrong with me! She’s my sister!” Thought Beth, finding herself growing excited for a brief few seconds. Sarah was travelling, and ever since Anna had come over, Beth hadn’t had a chance to indulge. Seeing her sister soaked simply stimulated Beth’s pent up sexual energy. Snapping out of it, she walked up to Anna, and hugged her tight. “You don’t have to be embarrassed in front of me, you had an accident, it’s very natural for adults to wet the bed under stress…” she said, trying to console Anna.

Anna could feel her embarrassment subside after her sister spoke to her in such an understanding manner. Also, this was not the first time that Anna had wet the bed. Though it didn’t happen quite often, there were mornings when Anna didn’t have to work, and felt lazy, sleepy but needed to pee. Or there were nights after a long night of drinking, the girl felt quite tipsy, ending up going in the bed.

“I am sorry, I ruined your mattress…” she spoke back, softly, wiping the tears off her cheeks. To which, Beth responded “You aren’t the first one to stain mattresses in this house…”. Seeing Anna surprised, Beth continued “You know those drunken nights, things get a bit difficult” chuckles the older siblings. “And you know how terrified I am after watching a horror movie… so to cut things short, don’t worry too much about it. Why don’t you leave your shorts and panties here, and take a shower… I’ll clean up”.

—————————————————-

Chapter Three - Nothing that alcohol can’t fix

Anna headed to the bathroom for a shower, while Beth cleaned the mess her sister had made. While Anna found herself running a hand between her legs while bathing, Beth couldn’t help but run her hand over the wetness that seemed fresh on the mattress. As warm water washed over Anna’s bare body, her mind was consumed by lust. Her fingers felt slippery, as she guided them towards her clit. It had been a while since she’d touched herself. With all that had unfolded in her life. But something about her sister seeing her in such a vulnerable position awakened the ignored sexual feelings within.

While Anna was on the verge of bringing herself to a climax, her sister Beth was not all that far from experiencing the same. Leaned against the wall, her pantie and shorts lowered to her knees, Beth had buried two fingers inside her soaked pussy. She moved them back and forth, each thrust growing faster than the previous.

Unable to stand straight, Anna lowered herself onto the wet floor. Back leaned against the warm tiles of the bathroom, her body wet from the water spraying out of the shower. A loud moan left her, followed by many more, as she shuddered in pleasure spreading across her body. She was lost in the moment, goosebumps spread across her skin, as another wave of orgasm consumed her.

Anna’s moans were heard from the bathroom. Which was everything that Beth needed to hear. Right there, she came. And boy, did she cum. Being a squirter, she sprayed from her pussy, droplets landing all over the wooden flooring, soaking some parts of her pantie and shorts, making her thighs shimmer from the droplets. Not wanting to be caught, as the sound of the shower stopped, Beth quickly regained her morning orgasm, and got to the task.

Back in the living room, a few minutes later, Anna walked in. Her hair still damp, her skin glowing, she enquired “I was making coffee, fancy one?”. Beth had now changed into a fresh pair of shorts, and was scrolling Tik Tok on her phone. “Yeah, sure” she said, trying to be nonchalant. A few minutes go by, and Anna walks into the living room with two mugs of steaming coffee.

“I am sorry about ruining your mattress” she said softly, blowing the steam off her mug, and taking a sip. “I already told you, don’t worry so much. And since when have we two gotten so formal… I am your sister, remember” reminded Beth, easing the tension right away. “Tell you what, I was thinking, we could probably revive our house party scenes again, and given it's the weekend, I thought it would be fun… what say?” enquired Beth. “Honestly, it’s been a while since I drank… I mean, I ordered whisky on the flight, but apart from that, it’s been ages!” she responded, taking a few sips more off her coffee, which indeed felt refreshing. “Actually, let’s do it! I’ve been feeling low for a long time now.”

To be continued…

*004*2024-10-05 09:46

Chapter Three - I have a confession

The afternoon was slow. Post lunch, the younger sibling decided to catch a quick nap, while the older mowed the lawn. It was just around the time of sunset, when Beth poked her head into Anna’s room. She could see her sister passed out, resting comfortably. Her heart warmed seeing Anna in a calm state. Afterall, her sister had been through enough. Beth was tempted to reveal a small plan she had for her. One of known and trusted contacts was looking for a person who had the experience to manage a chain of upbeat cafes. During one of their conversations, Beth had briefly mentioned about Anna, and her situation. It was then, her friend begged to check with her. Beth agreed to do so, but in her own time.

The daylight was beginning to fade, as Beth walked into the room, and called out her siblings' name. “Wake up love, time to head out shopping” Anna rubbed her eyes, and yawned. She felt quite relaxed. “Give me a few minutes, I’ll be right out” she responded, and stretched her sleepy body.

It didn’t take them long to drive out. Knowing they’d be mostly shopping for alcohol, neither of them dressed up. While Anna wore a pair of grey sweats, Beth put on blue shorts and an oversized t-shirt. “You seem quite rested, feeling good?” Enquired Beth, making small talks. “It’s been a while since I felt so relaxed… having someone take care of me… Beth, I know this sounds too emo, but thank you!” Responds Anna. Both share a special moment, and finally arrive at the supermarket.

The next 45 minutes went by with Beth convincing Anna to actually let loose, after she had suggested just beer for the night. Finally, with a lot of please, come on, and pretty please, the younger one agreed, and Beth grabbed a tall bottle of Bacardi White Rum, some mixers, chips, and smokes. While driving back home, Anna was the one to say “Okay listen… you convinced me into getting drunk, but that comes with consequences…” she said, and looked at Beth, who did a great job in keeping her eyes on the road, and also giving Anna the right attention. 

“You know how crazy my life has been, so I am not sure if I will be able to contain my emotions… don’t assume this party is gonna be all giggles”. Beth gently placed her hand over Anna’s thighs, and assured her “If that gets the pent up emotions out, I am glad I suggested we drink… Anna, you really got to stop being so fucking formal. It’s always been you and me against the world, remember?” To which, Anna became a bit emotional, and a drop of tear trickled down her cheeks.

“There’s also something else…” she said softly, after wiping away the tears. “You remember what happened when we stole that bottle of whiskey from mom’s cabinet, and drank for the first time in our lives?” Even if Beth had some sort of memory impairment, that one recollection would never be wiped off her mind space. How could she not remember that? It was the first time when she realised she had a kink.

A few years ago, when Anna and Beth were left alone at home for a week, the two of them came to an agreement to try alcohol, and smoke a cigarette. The very evening, when their mother had left for work, the two had managed to steal a bottle of whiskey from the liquor cabinet, along with a pack of Marlboro.

Not knowing a thing about the measure, Beth poured the two of them a large, and dropped a few ice cubes in, doing exactly what her mother did. The moment alcohol came in contact with their taste buds, simultaneously, both siblings coughed. “It’s disgusting!” Said Anna. “I know right! I wonder how mom drinks it so effortlessly…” responded Beth. “Probably it’s kind of an acquired taste maybe…” said Anna, to which Beth nodded “Maybe if we down it in one go it will be better…” she further suggested. “Okay, on the count of three, we gulp it down, okay?” And with that, the countdown began, and the girls took a large swig, and slammed the glasses down. “It’s burning!” Coughed Anna, and Beth couldn’t say much, as she felt the exact same.

It took a few long seconds for them to feel normalcy, and when they did, Beth looked at her sister “It kind of feels nice doesn’t it?” She asked, feeling slightly loose, and goofy as the whiskey started to course through her veins. Anna now was leaning against the couch, her legs spread out, feeling pretty much the same effect. What followed was the sound of a lighter clicking, as Beth lit a cigarette. “We’re gonna get so busted if mom walked in through the door now” giggled Anna. Exhaling smoke, Beth chuckled “Don’t worry, that won’t happen. She’s miles away from us” she said, passing the cigarette to Anna.

After finishing their first drink and smoke, the two managed to down another round, and by now, Anna was tipsy. Beth felt light headed, clearly showing signs of being drunk. Their conversation sounded slurred, as the buzz was strong. Anna tried to get up, but she collapsed back onto the carpeted floor. She giggled, and said “Beth, I have to pee so bad, but I can’t get myself up”. Feeling quite intoxicated, Beth casually teased her saying “Pretty much on the same boat Anna, the only two options are to hold till we recover, or end up having an accident” she laughed.

There was no response, and when Beth looked at Anna, she had passed out. In pretty much the same position. Her legs spread out, back leaned against the base of the sofa, and eyes shut. It was then Beth heard a soft hiss, followed by a content sigh. Almost instantly, Beth’s focus moved between her sister’s legs. She noticed an alarming puddle growing in size, soaking the carpet, spreading around Anna’s butt. Given that she was wearing just a long T-shirt and a pantie, there was nothing concealed. Her sister was peeing herself holding nothing back.

Probably she was drunk, or her mind was playing games, but Beth found herself getting captivated by what she was witnessing. She just couldn’t understand why watching her sister wet herself was starting to have this effect on her. What surprised her further was the desire to experience it herself. Anna peed for a good 40 seconds, completely unaware of what had just happened. Unable to resist, and justifying herself that when Anna would wake up, she’d probably freak out. But seeing her sister in a similar situation, that would definitely make things a lot better. Beth didn’t waste time overthinking. She folded her legs back, and parted her knees.

She looked between her own legs, and bit her lips with excitement. This was the first time she was consciously wetting herself. Beth’s purple pantie moistened, her pussy felt warm as the first spurt made its way out of her. She looked at Anna, wanting to make sure she was still asleep. Beth slowly repositioned herself to a squat, and relaxed entirely. The gentle and soothing sound of her hiss was quite audible. She watched as the trickle turned into a stream, pouring out of the thin fabric of her pantie. It felt incredibly arousing. The heat, the sight, the puddle, and sheer naughtiness of the act, had this profound imprint on Beth’s mind. She too peed herself for a good 40 seconds, and slowly sat back on the puddle. The feeling of pee soaking her butt was definitely a start of something new.

Back in the car, Beth responded “Yeah, I do remember that night”. Anna was now blushing deeply “Well, most times when I drink, with an intent to get drunk, that still continues to happen… I am just warning you…” she said. Beth laughed, and made the turn towards home “Like I said, it runs in the family love… you aren’t the only one” she winks “all it would cost is a carpet clean up, so be it. Let that not stop us from having fun” she said, and parked the car in the garage.

To be continued…

