How the Scholarship Works

Author: Riverstone76

*007*2021-07-02 21:59

Chapter 4:

Breanna shivered when he confirmed that the person that he was worried about was definitely a notorious coyote. She started to work on the package for the DS game wanting to play with that first, but after a few minutes, and getting it opened, she found out she had to charge the game first.

She sighed and showed Ralph.

“Look in the glove box,” Mr. Oswald told her. “You should see a black thing that looks like it has a plug and a USB connector to it, and a long thing on the back with metal plates on either side.”

“What’s a USB connector?” she asked.

“It looks like a slot,” he scratched his head a moment. “Well, you do know what an electric outlet is?”

She nodded.

“It’s got one of those kinds of holes in the front above the little slot thing that is a USB connector.”

She nodded and opening the glovebox, pulled out the only thing that even came close to what he was talking about.

“This?”

“That’s it,” he smiled at the little nineteen year old. “Take the heating plug from the car outlet,” he pointed at what used to be called a car-cigarette lighter.

She pulled it out, and he nodded.

“Put that piece in the glovebox, and then plug the long stem part into where that cigarette lighter came from.”

She did.

“Now, plug your DS game into the plug holes. See?”

She nodded.

Once her DS was sitting on the dash charging, she picked up the special doll that ‘daddy’ had gotten her, and she started to undo that packaging.

Ralph kept driving, but he glanced at the little girl from time to time to see her unwrapping the special doll.

When she had it unwrapped, she pushed the button on it to cuddle, and held it under the arms to see what it did. The advertisement wasn’t that far off. The doll really looked cute and she thought it did look like it was trying to paw for a hug.

She put the doll up next to her neck and hugged it, and the doll calmed down, though its little hands were still pushing against her as if it really was a little baby.

“This little…,” she looked up at Ralph unsure of what to call it. Of course, as a nineteen year old, she wanted to call it what it was, a doll, but she was supposed to be eleven, and the word for what this was, was lost to her.

“The little baby doll, or dollie maybe? Or this baby?” Mr. Oswald tried to help her come up with the word she was missing.

“The… baby dollie,” she decided. “It’s really something, daddy. Thank you for getting her for me.”

He nodded and patted her lap. “Of course, sweetheart. I’m just glad you like it.”

She put the doll in her lap, and then she got out a coloring book and the crayons that Ralph got her, and she put a pink crayon in the doll’s lap, as if she were to help her color.

As she colored, she started to drift back into her headspace a bit.

“Bye Shawna,” an eleven year old girl said to a caramel-light brown hair girl with green eyes.

“Bye!” she heard the reply of her friend, and then she scanned the parking lot for her daddy’s black pickup.

The pickup was late, and it was getting later. This was not like daddy. He was always waiting for her when she came out of the school. Where was he?

She nervously shifted on her feet, scanning the entrance to the parking for her daddy’s truck.

Tears rolled down her cheeks as she kept looking at the entrance, and as seconds turned into minutes—her daddy’s truck still absent. “Where is he?”

She was so pre-occupied with watching the entrance, that she didn’t know how it happened or what, exactly, happened. She was just suddenly lying in the backseat of a car, and two people in the front were talking.

“Did Carl take care of the guy?” a woman asked the driver.

“I believe so,” a man said back.

“So, where are we taking the girl?”

“We are supposed to take her Yuma, and from there, Hector is supposed to take her over the border.”

“And we are supposed to get paid then?”

“That’s the way I understand it.”

The little girl rubbed her eyes and sat up quietly trying to take in where she was and what was going on. As she did so, she felt the seat under her all wet. Her pants were soaked. Did she pee herself? She hadn’t done that since… well, she could remember, but what was more important, was that these strangers had her in their car.

“Where… where’s my dad?” she finally asked.

“The girl is awake,” the man told the woman. “Deal with her.”

The woman turned to the backseat, her hair was black and her eyes brown. Her voice was somewhat musical.

“Little one, your daddy doesn’t want you anymore.”

“What? No. That’s can’t be!”

“I’m afraid it is,” she told her. “Your name is Breanna, isn’t it?”

“Yes?”

“You’re a fifth grade student?”

She nodded.

“Well, you are making life too hard on your dad, so he’s paid us to take you away. He says your mom has family in Mexico, so if we take you there, you will have someone to take care of you.”

She shook her head. “No. I don’t believe you. Where’s my daddy?”

“I’m sorry, little one. Look at your pants.”

She looked down.

“It’s no wonder he doesn’t want you anymore. What fifth grader pees her pants like that?”

She shook her head. “I… I don’t usually….”

“Don’t lie, little girl. That’s only the tip of the problem. You are a bad little girl, and now, he doesn’t want you anymore.”

“You’re lying,” she said starting to cry.

“I didn’t tell you to make her cry,” the man whispered to the woman.

“Well, she has to be told at some point. Sooner is better than later.”

“You’re both lying,” Breanna sobbed, sniffled, and wiped her nose on her shirtsleeve. “You’re lying.”

She felt her heart breaking. She reached over at the door even though the car was traveling along at its normal speed, and she tried the handle, but it was locked from the outside. She couldn’t open it.

“Just be a good girl,” the woman told her from the front. “Stop trying to get out. You cannot get out of the car.”

“But my daddy!”

“Your daddy doesn’t want you anymore, little girl. He didn’t pick you up from school, did he?”

“Something happened,” she said still sobbing. “He would never leave me! He wouldn’t.”

The lady sighed. “Whatever. Just lie down and rest, little kid. You’re going to need it.”

She didn’t lie down though. This woman was not her boss! She was trying to kidnap her, and while the little girl was definitely on the highway, no doubt being driven as far as a car can travel in a day, she was going to get away from these people as soon as she had a chance….

Tears came to the nineteen year old little girl’s eyes who was coloring with her new dolly.

“What’s wrong, baby?” Mr. Oswald asked her.

“Nothing,” Breanna said. “Well, I mean, it’s silly.”

“Nothing is silly when it makes you cry, baby. Come on, share, honey.”

“I just, I’m just thinking. I don’t even know for sure it’s real. It’s just being on the road, going back to America,” she sniffled.

“Yes, sweetie?”

“Well, I’ve started to wonder about my dad.”

“Oh?”

“Yeah. I think he might have sold me, but something else, deeper down, a feeling….”

“You don’t really think he did?” Ralph asked her.

She shook her head, her eyes watering.

“You want to find him and ask him, don’t you?”

She nodded.

“Well, I can’t make any promises, but maybe we can get in contact with him.”

She nodded.

Breanna went back to coloring.

“Did you hear what I said?” the woman in the front asked her?”

She was back in her head again.

The little fifth grader looked up at the woman.

“I said to lie down, or we’ll stop the car and make sure you lie down.”

Defiantly, she thought, “Good, stop the car. Open the door. See what happens when you do!”

“Pull over,” the woman told the driver.

He sighed and pointed out a rest area sign.

“I gotta go potty,” the girl had a plan forming.

“You already went,” the woman said looking right at her pants and the seat.

“Well, I gotta go again,” she said frowning at the woman.

“I don’t really care,” she said. “You’re already wet, so it won’t matter if you do it again, will it?”

She frowned. These people obviously didn’t care about her.

They pulled into the rest area, and the man got out while the woman stayed in the front blocking her from getting into the front.

The girl backed as far away from the closer door to the man as she could, right against the other door.

She was not going to let him touch her, if she could help it.

While she was backed against the other door, she hadn’t noticed, but the lady had gotten out, and then opened the door she was against, trying to stay away from the man, and because of pressing against it, she fell right down, hitting her shoulder on the frame of the car as she fell to the ground.

The lady reached down and placed a cloth over her face, and she started to panic, and then everything went black.

As she came out of her head scene, she felt a warm wet feeling down under her, and she reached her hand under her butt, but the seat was still dry. She blushed and looked up at Ralph.

“Daddy? I better….” But she stopped talking as she thought about what had happened at the toy store. What if there were more coyotes? Did she really want to go into the bathroom by herself? Her legs started to wiggle. She could now feel the pressure in her stomach and trying to press down at her muscles for release.

He looked over at her. “Do you need to stop?” he asked the little one.

She shrugged, as her body struggled to hold it.

“What is it?” he asked her. “It looks like you need to pee, sweetie. Why aren’t you asking me to take you somewhere?”

She shook as she looked up at him. “I… I’m sorry,” she had her hands between her legs.

“It’s okay, baby. Don’t you want to stop anywhere?”

She shook her head, nervously, scared that she might be in the bathroom alone, and there would be a coyote in there.

“Do you want to pee your pants?” he asked her.

She shook her head no at that, too. She was too old to just do that, even if she was being treated as an eleven year old, she was too old to wet her pants on purpose. Not only was she too old for that, it felt disgusting and it felt wrong.

Ralph sighed.

“How about I stop as soon as I can find a safe place…?”

She shook her head as he talked.

“Hear me out, baby. I’m here to protect you. I’ll stop, and if you aren’t wet, yet, I’ll take you to the bathroom.”

“But…. I… I don’t want to go in there by myself,” she whimpered.

“No, honey. You won’t have to. Daddy will take you in.”

“But… but… a boys’ toilet?”

He shook his head. “No, honey. I’ll take you to the girls’, okay?”

She nodded and doubled down on trying to hold it.

He found a rest area, and he lifted her up to make sure her jeans were still dry, and then he helped her out of the car and walked her over to the bathrooms.

She felt a little bit more press against her until a little bit sprayed her baby panties again.

Finally, however, he got her into the bathroom, and took her to a stall, where he directed her in, and then he bent down like he would to a child.

“I’ll be right here,” he told her. “I’ll have my hand on the top of the stall door, so you can see it, and you can look under the stall door and see my feet. I’ll be right here, and you can go, sweetie.”

She nodded. She backed up to the toilet, and started to pull her jeans down and then her damp panties.

Ralph narrowed his eyes at her damp panties just before he closed her stall door.

She sat down and she started to go.

As she sat, something else made itself clear. It had been bugging her for a while, but she had chosen to ignore it until now, and now she was on the toilet, it started to come out, too.

Breanna sighed as she started to feel the ooze from her bottom pushing into the toilet along with the pee from the front. She was happy that she was on the toilet, and that she could still see Ralph’s hand on the top of the stall door.

Done with making her messes in the potty, she started to pull toilet paper from the roll to wipe herself. Her face blushed a bit as she realized that Ralph had to have heard her going potty, and he probably smelled her mess, too. She tried to hurry with wiping, wanting to get rid of the mess and to get out of the bathroom.

When Ralph heard the flush, he opened her stall and looked in, but she had flushed it before she stood up, and now Ralph saw her privates with her panties down in front of her, the insides of them wet, but her jeans dry.

“Oh, honey,” he walked in and smiled at her.

“Take those pants off,” he told her.

“But they’re not wet,” she said.

“I know, honey, but you can’t get your wet panties off with them on.”

He helped her sit back on the toilet, and started to help her get her pants off.

“We’ll just take your pants off for a minute so we can get your wet panties off of you, baby. Then we’ll put your jeans back on, and you can wear them like that until we get to the car, where I can let you put on some clean panties.”

She looked down. “I’m sorry I almost wet in the car on purpose,” she said.

He hugged her and shook his head. “You did nothing wrong. You were just scared, baby. But don’t worry. If you get scared to go potty in public, daddy can take you into the bathroom and be here to even help you change your pants if you don’t make it.”

She nodded.

He got her jeans off of her, got her panties off of her, and then handed her pants back to her to put back on.

She got her pants on, and then she reached a hand up and took Ralph’s free hand to walk over to the sinks. She washed her hands, and daddy Ralph washed out her wet panties.

When they got back to the car, she started to reach for the backseat again, but he stopped her.

“What’s wrong, honey?”

“Um… I’m gonna put on clean panties?” she reminded him.

“Yes, but you can do that in the front, honey.”

She looked down her face a little red.

“Too embarrassing?”

She nodded.

“Alright, sweetheart, go ahead.” And he let her get in the back and put up the curtain so she could comfortably take off her jeans, put some clean, the last pair of baby panties on, and then pull her jeans back on.

Once she was changed again, she opened the door, and Mr. Oswald pulled back down or open the curtains while she got in the front seat and settled again.

“I’m glad you took me in,” she whispered once they were driving again. “I didn’t realize how bad I had to go. I might have pooped my pants if you didn’t stop.”

He nodded.

Breanna didn’t question why he would stop at that rest area, but had a feeling there would be some he wouldn’t. He was used to taking kids up north. He probably knew there would be no coyote in there, but she didn’t. She started to feel like it was safest if he was nearby at all times.

Once or twice, he had pulled the car over slightly, and like he had told her, he didn’t walk off of the road, but just went to the edge of the road turning his back to traffic and to her, and then he came back a few minutes later. The back of his pants never sagged below his shirt line even once. So, she definitely knew he was telling the truth that he could easily go on the side of the road, and she would definitely need a lot more cover than that.

Ralph sighed as they drove a long, a bit later, and then he turned to Breanna.

“We are coming up to an area where coyotes are common,” he told her. “You will not be pulling over anywhere for a while unless we are spending a night in a motel. Do you…?” he frowned and waited a moment.

“I… I’ll listen to you and pee my pants every time you tell me to,” she nodded at him.

“No. I know that,” he said. “What I was thinking, because I know those night panties don’t hold very much….”

“What?” she gulped thinking she knew what he was trying to ask.

“Can I… can I buy you some pull ups, at least?”

“Pull ups?” she asked.

“It’s kind of like a diaper, but you put them on like panties.”

She frowned. “Will they keep my pants dry for sure?”

He shook his head. “The only way to be sure your pants are dry, is to put you in a diaper and put booster pads in it.”

She frowned. “I… I… What is the point of a pull up?”

“You won’t leak as much, and your pants won’t get as wet.”

“If they get wet, it’s all the same to me,” she whimpered.

“Well, I guess I can just let you deal with wet pants, then,” he nodded.

She shook. “Um… what if you did just get me diapers?” she asked him. “How would I get changed? Would I have to wear them all day until we get to the motel, even when it’s wet?”

“If you wet a diaper,” he smiled over at her. “We’ll put curtains up in the car like before, and I’ll help you change in the back when we stop for meals, snacks, or whatever where we have some space, and hopefully where we can park where we will not be watched too closely.”

She nodded.

“Do you want me to get you diapers?” he asked her.

Blushing, she looked down, thinking. One on hand, she had one pair of shorts and one pair of cute jeans left that would be wet in for sure before their next stop, likely. On the other hand, she would have to wear a diaper, and feel like a little kid, but then her pants would stay dry, and she could go in anywhere without anyone knowing she peed her pants, even if she was nineteen years old.

“Um… I guess a diaper is better,” she whispered.

“Are you sure?”

She nodded. “I don’t like people to see I peed my pants—even if I’m supposed to be an eleven year old.”

He nodded. “But I still need you to act eleven.”

“I know. So you can protect me from coyotes and other bad people.”

He nodded.

“Then, it’s settled,” Ralph smiled and patted her leg. “I’ll get you some diapers when we get to the next town.”

The little girl sat in the front seat, and she sighed. She picked up her coloring and put it away, and then checked on her DS. Yay! It was charged!

A while later, they pulled over for lunch at a nice little restaurant in a small town, and after a small meal of beans, corn, and tortillas, they drove to a drugstore, where the man found the diapers made for little kids that still wet the bed.

All they had were pull ups there.

“I think we need to find something else,” he told her.

He asked an employee where they might find the section where they sell diapers for incontinent people.

“This way,” the employee led them to the adult diaper area.

“Are we getting diapers for a grandmother?” he asked.

“No. For my little daughter here. She’s having trouble lately, and we’ve finally decided that diapers were going to be better than just pull ups for her.”

“She wets that badly?”

He nodded with a tight frown, and Breanna just looked at the floor.

“It’s okay,” the man employee said. “A lot of young girls have trouble. We have something that might work over here.”

He showed them a diaper that claimed to hold wettings for four times.

“Don’t believe that label,” the employee told them. “It doesn’t hold any more than two full wettings, and even then, it can leak, but a booster pad, here….”

He pointed out some booster pads that also claimed to hold four leakings, and he pulled out the package with the longest and widest pad.

“This one is best if you are going to be changing positions all the time, standing one minute and sitting the next….”

“What if she is mostly sitting? We are going to be in the car for a few days, as we are driving around Mexico on tour, and we’ll only really be getting out to walk when we make stops.”

“Well, this one is still best for that,” he told them. “But we also have this one….”

The one he pulled out at that moment was a bit shorter.

“This one gives off a smell of flowers when you pee into it, so it kind of covers up your smell. But it only works if you pee. It won’t cover up any smell if you… have other issues.”

Breanna blushed.

“We’ll take both types of pads, two packages of each, and those diapers, two packages of those,” Ralph told the clerk.

Breanna just stood there, her face red and heated.

They walked out to the car, and after parking around in back, Ralph turned to talk to Breanna.

“Okay, honey, decision time. The next time we stop for a potty break, it will be dinner time, and time to stop for the night, so you’ll be wetting your pants from now until them. Do you want to do it in a diaper or your panties?”

She shivered. She looked down. She put her thumb in her mouth.

“Want me to decide?” he asked her.

She nodded.

“Promise to do whatever I tell you to do? If I tell you to wear a diaper, promise not to fight it?”

She nodded.

“Then get in the back and lie down so I can put a diaper on you, baby. If you want, you can pull off your jeans and your panties by yourself.”

She nodded, and when she got in the back, she pulled down her jeans and her panties, and then she laid down and looked up at him.

“Can I wear panties over the diaper?” she asked.

“Why, honey?”

“So in case someone sees the top or something, they will see panties and not a diaper?”

He smiled. “If it helps you not be as embarrassed, then I think that’s probably a good idea.”

He crawled in, closed the door, and put up the curtains for her, and then he put the diaper under her, and then, he started to stuff a booster bad between her legs, closer to her privates.

It made her shutter.

“Honey, I’m not trying to touch you,” he said in a soothing voice that tried to calm her down. “I just have to put the pad on you right, or it won’t help at all.”

She nodded and let him get it on her, and then he pulled up the diaper sides and taped them for her until they were in place. Once he was sure the diaper was secure, and would be less likely to leak pee, he took her hands and helped her into a sitting position. He helped her get her panties pulled up over her diaper, and then he pulled her jeans up.

“Is that too tight?” he asked her.

She shook her head. It was snug, but not really too tight.

Once they were done changing her, they got back in the front seat, and he started to drive.

“There is no point in asking to use the bathroom until we stop for the night,” he told her. “If we are making a stop, I’ll check your diaper before we continue to see if you need changed.”

She nodded.
