Claire's Wet Exam Day

Author: rushe

*000*2021-12-24 23:30

Hi guys, this is my very first time writing an omorashi story, sorry for my poor English writing and grammar. I will try to update as soon as I finished my exam. Merry Christmas and hope you guys enjoy :D

###

Part 1

Claire is a 19-year-old university student studying engineering. She is an Asian, not tall just 153cm in height, with short curly black hair, a slim body, and a cute face. We have known each other since year 1 and became good friends after finishing several group projects, spending time studying, and playing online games together.

Today is the engineering physics exam day, I arrived at the venue at 8:30 am 20 mins before reporting time, and wait for her to show up. Just 3 mins before reporting time, she eventually arrived. She wore a little white T-shirt that was too tight, I can see her light blue bra through her T-shirt, light pink short skirt, and white sneakers, with an extra-large coffee hold in her hand.

Me:

“Morning Claire, I thought you will be late for the exam.”

Claire:

“Morning Ken, I got up late today, because I finished studying at 12 last night. Luckily I made it.”

Me:

“I can tell you are sleepy right now haha.”

Claire:

“Yeah I need lots of caffeine to keep me awake, so I bought this coffee… Oh no, I got only 2 mins to finish it….”

Claire drank the whole cup of coffee within a min. From my observation, the cup should be about 750ml in volume. As an omorashi enthusiast, I didn’t say anything to remind her not to drink too much before the exam but looking forward to seeing her squirming around on her seat in the middle of the exam.

We sat down on the seat with the assigned number. I was lucky enough to seat on her right row and 2 seats behind, I can watch her body movements clearly without her notice. All I need to do, besides answering questions, is to wait until the coffee she drank takes its effect. Just before the exam starts, I said: “Good luck” with our exam.

End of Part 1

