A Gradutate's Flame

Author: RokiRakkun

*000*2016-05-10 03:48

Chapter 2 - I Hate Mondays

“W-w-w-what was that!?” Sara shrieked.

Klein walked up to Sara, calm as can be, and offered her a hand. He pulled her up. Sara unsuccessfully tried to hold back tears. “I-I was working, so, so, hard - sniff - to be good and - sniff - impress my mentor - sniff - and now THIS!” She sobbed.

She fell into Klein’s arms. Klein calmly led her into his apartment. “Hey, it’s okay.” He said. “You couldn’t help it. It’s my fault.” He showed her the showers. “Here, get yourself cleaned up and take a nice shower. You’ll feel better by the time you get out.” Sara nodded in response and went in.

Klein found a comfy spot on his couch and plopped down on it. He pulled out his cellphone, and called the school. He told them about how he might have sorta kinda broken his apartment and all the surrounding windows. He told them it was “a cost inferred through his actions as a mentor”, so they had to pay it. He also told the school about how well his student was doing and how much he looked forward to seeing her talent. There was nothing about her peeing, of course. Finally, he hung up.

“She’s probably ‘bout done,” Klein muttered. He tested the knob on the bathroom door. It was unlocked, so he walked in… and got slugged in the face. He heard the door slam shut.

* * *

Later, Sara - now fully clothed - sat on the couch with Klein.

“You don’t just walk in on a girl!” She cried.

“Hey, woah, the door was unlocked!” Klein replied. “And you hit me so fast I didn’t see anything anyway! That’s not following the cliche! You have to stare aghast for a moment, THEN slug me!”

“W-what?! Where do you get these crazy ideas?” Sara sighed. “Well, whatever. I guess it’s okay if you didn’t see anything. I did leave the door unlocked anyway.”

“Anyway,” Klein said, “We have business to do. You’re unpacked, right?”

“Yep!” Sara said.

“So, as your mentor, I’m going to train you in the ways of a true Magician. As such, I think we should review your latest battle.”

“My latest? YOU did that thing outside!”

“Nonsense. That was your fight. I was just assisting you, as your mentor.”

“I don’t get what you’re trying to do. Anyway, what was that magic? That incantation was totally bizarre!”

“That’s my special technique.”

“Special technique? Everyone knows that magic works by making contracts with spirits. You offer to please them, in some way, and they’ll give you their power. Usually there’s a ritual you do every morning. But you said something really weird, and, well, I’m just confused!”

“Ah, yes. You see, I… had donuts for breakfast!” Klein said.

“What. The. Heck.”

“Sorry.”

After a few more attempts to find out Klein’s secret technique, Sara gave up. Klein wouldn’t say anything, and the way he dodged questions was absurd.

After talking for a while, they both decided to get some sleep. Klein went off to his room, and Sara to hers. She once again rejoiced that she had her own room, and even more that it was locked. (Little did she know, it was actually a requirement of the mentor-student relationship.)

Sara lay in bed. Klein was clearly a weirdo. But… she liked him. As a mentor, of course! He was cool, a strong magician, and he didn’t make fun of her when she peed. She was going to like this year of highschool! Sara drifted off to sleep.

* * *

Sara awoke with a start and sat up in bed. Her pajamas were a bit messed up, so she adjusted her tank top a bit, and pulled her shorts into position. Then she realized she had to pee. Unfortunately, she was also terribly thirsty. Sara reached for her bedside glass of water and chugged it down. She slipped out of bed and headed for the bathroom.

But…

The door was locked! Oh, of course it was. And it was locked by magic, too. She’d put the seal there herself. “Unlock,” she commanded the door. It stubbornly refused. “Unlock!” she said again. No luck.

By this point, she had to pee pretty badly. If she didn’t get to the bathroom soon, well… you know. She crossed her legs, and commanded the door to unlock once more. It didn’t budge. Whatever. She’d just get Klein up and he could probably open it. If he couldn’t, then the seal would wear off by the morning. But could she wait until the morning?

A jolt of electricity flowed through her body as the need to pee increased. She knocked on the door, hoping Klein would hear. She noticed a note under the door. It was from Klein.

It read, “I’ll be gone tonight. Hold down the fort, ‘kay!”

Great. No Klein. She’d have to make it until the morning. She check her watch, and saw that it was 4:00. The seal would wear off at about 6:00. Two hours. She could do it!

She sat on the bed and crossed her legs. She played a game on her phone, and before she knew it, half an hour had passed. The urge was huge now. She crossed and uncrossed her legs, struggling to stop the urge. Finally, she couldn’t concentrate on her game anymore. Sara stood up and bent over slightly. She moaned softly. She was doing a true potty dance now. Finally, she gave up on and dignity she had and gripped her area, crossed her legs and held it with all her might. She spasmed with effort.

Suddenly, Sara had an idea. She started to conjure a spell. It was hard with her need, but she managed. She shot the spell straight at her bladder. Her urge to pee subsided. She’d done it! She'd used a generic, weak stun spell to numb the nerves in her bladder, so she could no longer feel the need to pee!

With her massive urge gone, Sara lay back on her bed. She began to think about Klein. What was up with his magic? Everything about it was weird. Also, why did that golem attack them? Nothing made sense. Hopefully she could figure it out at school tomorrow.

She checked the clock. 5:46. Time was almost up, and she didn't even need to pee! But wait… The urge… It was coming back! The spell was wearing off! Now, she had to pee infinitely worse than before. Every ounce of pressure in her bladder pushed against her, and Sara desperately struggled to hold the floodgates back. She clenched her muscles, she crossed her legs, and she bounced uncontrollably. Just a few minutes more! She had to wait!

Finally, 6:00 arrived, and so did Klein. Sara burst out her door and dashed to the bathroom. Victory would be hers! Except for the fact that she bumped into Klein. Klein went skidding across the floor with Sara on top sof him. This was the end of the struggle. Sara’s bladder gave way, and the yellow trickle soaked both her and Klein.

Sara began to cry. So much for having an awesome first day, she thought.

