Sinead in the Park

Author: Roger Ireland

*000*2020-07-20 19:45

A little tale - I hope you enjoy - one of my top 5 fantasies (A fantasy so far)

Sinead in the Park

So here he was, on his back in the park with the lush grass under him and a clear blue sky above. He had dressed for the weather and was not disappointed as the sun was hot this July afternoon and he lay soaking up the sunshine wearing only his khaki shorts and with his head on his folded tee shirt. He lay pondering how he was going to introduce his girlfriend Sinead to an exciting habit he had and wanted her to share.

Sinead was his ideal in so many ways he couldn’t count them. No two people were ever 100% compatible, he knew that and frankly disbelieved it when anyone said they were but really, the things that he and Sinead differed on were so insignificant as to be unimportant. Tastes on the other hand were another matter, she liked R & B, he liked Rock/Pop, she liked dogs, he wasn’t that into dogs, Sinead loved open air concerts, he preferred a bit more comfort but these different tastes only deepened the relationship as they explored each other’s preferences.

Sinead was a fun-loving girl but very reserved at the same time and the manners instilled into her by her parents, whom he liked incidentally, were still very strong. Not that there was anything wrong with that, manners Etc. were important but her reserve held her back from really letting her hair down, even with him and he wondered if she ever would be completely relaxed with him on an intimate level or whether it would always be an uphill battle from the missionary position to the Kama Sutra.

He had tried gently a few times to get her to be a little more relaxed about all things erotic and she had been willing enough on an academic level but it had failed to progress into her soul – a bit like a song sung with the singer standing completely still and not smiling. She did enjoy their sex together though, he was sure of that, she often initiated it so that was a good indication. Was he being too demanding too early? Was he trying to force her into his mould? Shouldn’t he really be grateful that she felt the way she did about him and accept that nothing is ever absolutely perfect?

They had arranged to meet at 12.30 by the main entrance to the park after she finished work. They were planning to get the train from the station opposite the park and go into town for lunch and some window shopping, which was always a favourite with Sinead. He lay there relaxed and dozing in the sunshine. He could hear the sounds of other people a short distance away, families out with their children and the odd dog barking in the distance occasionally but nothing to disturb his peace.

He half awoke from his doze when he felt a faint breath of air and heard a swish of material near him. Then, as he came fully awake he felt a weight on his pelvis and thighs and opened his eyes to see Sinead sat on top of him, her full, grey, cotton skirt spread out all around her and a smile on her face. She said, ‘Hello lover boy, waiting for someone special or will I do? I thought you had stood me up then I spotted you here on the grass lazing away the day when you should have been eager to meet me!’ He struggled to sit up but she held him down and said, ‘It’s no good making an effort now, it’s too late, besides, I’m here.’

‘I’m sorry’. He said smiling at her. ‘Don’t worry,’ she said, ‘I had a change of thought anyway. Why don’t we go back to my place to clean up then spend the afternoon there and go out for a meal later – my treat.’ He said, ‘What do you mean, go back and clean up?’ Before he had finished speaking he felt a growing, wet, warm feeling spreading over his dick and lower belly until it reached round and soaked his bum. Sinead smiled artfully at him and said, ‘That’s why! I’ve just completely wet my panties and it’s soaked your shorts too.’ His reaction was almost immediate as his wet, and now excited, dick struggled to stand up under Sinead’s weight and as it did so she smiled again and said, ‘Wow! That’s what I call interested!’ and laughed.

Sinead lifted the front of her skirt slightly to reach the zip on his shorts and undid it. She gently guided him out of his shorts, past her soaking wet panties and into her. Then without a movement to any onlookers that would give a hint at what she was doing she squeezed him as he discreetly pushed up into her. It was over in a couple of minutes and as he came to the end of his final, gentle thrusts he felt a trickle of warm wetness again as Sinead peed a little more through her panties and all over him.

Sinead leaned back slightly and put her hands on the grass behind her while stretching her legs towards each side of his head. He put his hands behind his head and, smiling, said, ‘How ever did you know that I would like that?’

‘I remember the look in your eyes when I once told you that I was desperate to pee one day a few weeks ago – it was like you had been offered the key to the candy shop! And I got a look at your computer last week remember? The history showed a web-site that had photos and videos of girls wetting themselves, jeans, panties, skirts whatever and I started to think, then I put two and two together and here we are.’

‘Didn’t you mind that I had been looking at that site?’ He said. ‘No, I reckoned that that was a part of your character that I hadn’t learned about yet so I thought it was worth a try and planned a surprise for the next time I had an opportunity. Today was made for it and so I took the chance. It’s no big deal really, all it means is I have to walk home in wet panties then shower and change. You could be into something a lot more difficult to accept so I figure a pair of wet panties or jeans now and again is a small price to pay for our future together.’

He said, ‘It’s alright for you, your wet panties won’t show under that dress but my shorts are soaked and it will look like I’ve wet myself!’ Sinead laughed and said, ‘Well, I think you might as well now. If people are going to think you have peed your shorts you might as well. Now you have slipped out you could just pee and let it all out before I get up.’ It took him a moment to relax but then he started to pee and the warm wetness soaked his dick and bum once more. Sinead felt her panties getting wet again as they soaked up the seeping wetness and her pussy was warmed.

They waited a few minutes for the wetness to drain away into the grass as much as it could then Sinead said, ‘I’ll get up casually and then you just stand up as if nothing has happened, people are more likely to notice if you draw attention to yourself so just stand up and walk normally towards the gates and I’ll walk half behind you then I can stop people seeing the wet patch on your shorts.

As he stood up a few drops dribbled down his legs from his wet shorts. They made it out of the park without anyone apparently noticing and just as they went through the gates Sinead smacked him on his wet bottom and they laughed at their boldness. No one took much notice of them on the short walk to her flat and as soon as they were inside Sinead pulled his shorts down around his ankles and said, ‘You have a massive wet patch on your boxers too look,’ and turned him around so that he could see in the long, hall mirror. ‘Show me your wet knickers.’ He said. So she lifted her skirt up to her waist and showed him her wet bottom. ‘you said “knickers”, She said. ‘Do you prefer the word “knickers” to “panties” then?’

‘I think I do’, he said. It sounds naughtier somehow’ and laughed. ‘Those lemon ones you are wearing show the wetness beautifully.’ At that, he pulled her ‘knickers’ down, bent down and gave her a gentle bite on the cheek of her bottom. Sinead squealed and, leaving her panties on the floor in a wet heap, ran into the bathroom where, once he had joined her, they stripped each other and got into the shower together naked.

###

© Roger Ireland 2015

Stay wet and happy

Roger

