An Eventful Errand Day -- A BlazBlue story starring Makoto Nanaya

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2020-12-15 01:41

Another story commission by Zenkopan! This one stars Makoto Nanaya from BlazBlue! This was a pretty straightforward request, but it was a really fun story to write, especially since I am a fan of the BlazBlue games (Though embarrassingly, I never got too into their story before this. Was too busy being a filthy Noel main and shooting my friends). Anyway, hope you guys enjoy!

An Eventful Errand Day

Makoto sat at a window table in a small cafe, watching the bustle of Kagutsuchi outside. She was finishing up lunch, a short reprise from the hustle and bustle of her otherwise busy day. She had quite a few errands to run, and had spent much of the morning running around the upper levels, taking care of menial tasks. Now that her lunch was nearly over, she’d have to dive back in, heading down to the lower levels for groceries and to pick up a couple of other things.

Letting out a quiet yawn, she stretched, raising her arms above her head. The cold air of the cafe tickled her exposed stomach-- her coat was slung over the back of her chair-- and she noticed a slight nag from her bladder. Come to think of it, she hadn’t used the bathroom since leaving that morning.

I should go before I leave.

She finished up her last few bites of food and polished off the rest of her large coffee, which only heightened her awareness of her need, and she was about to stand up to go use the bathroom when the waitress who had served her turned the corner and started headed towards her table. Makoto instead turned around to grab her wallet from her coat.

“I hope you enjoyed your meal, will that be all for you today?”

“Yes, thank you,” Makoto smiled, but then her eyes widened and her heart sunk.

Her wallet wasn’t in her pocket where she normally kept it. In a panic, she began frantically rummaging around her coat, looking for it. The waitress stood there expectantly, waiting for Makoto to pay, as the poor girl grew more and more worried. She knew she had her wallet with her when she left the house. Did someone steal it? Had she dropped it somewhere?

Makoto was about to apologize to the waitress and ask for more time to search, but then she spotted her wallet on the ground beneath her. It must’ve fallen out of her coat pocket. Relieved, Makoto eagerly snatched it up and handed her card to the waitress with a quick, “Sorry about that!”

“Oh, it’s no problem! I’ll be right back!”

The waitress sauntered off and Makoto let out a quiet sigh. She got lucky she dropped her wallet here and not later while down in the lower levels. The further down you went, the higher the concentration of magic element, which meant that the higher levels were reserved more for those who could afford to live and shop there, and the lower levels were often less maintained and less monitored, making them the perfect place for thugs and criminals to aggregate.

The waitress returned quickly with Makoto’s card and handed it back to her, “Here you go, thank you and have a nice day!”

“Thanks, you too!” Makoto smiled back, grabbing her card and slipping it into her wallet.

She put her coat on and headed back out into the hustle and bustle of Kagutsuchi. She was in the heart of one of the business centers of an upper district. The crowds around her were comprised of many of the white-collar workers who seldom dirtied their hands with the underbellies of Kagutsuchi. Most were bustling about running errands for their jobs or grabbing lunch. It was around the tail-end of the lunch rush, so the streets were quite crowded.

Makoto didn’t mind the hustle and bustle of the city, though she didn’t often come here for lunch. Noel was notoriously shy and hated crowds, so Makoto had made it a habit of finding quieter places to dine, even when alone. However, today’s errands had landed her right in front of the cafe and the cakes in the window looked so good she couldn’t help stopping there for lunch.

As Makoto continued down the streets, weaving through crowds with light, agile steps, her bladder sent her another wave of protest, and she realized she hadn’t gone to the bathroom at the cafe. She’d gotten so caught up worrying about her wallet that it slipped her mind. She was too far away from the cafe to go back, and even if she wasn’t, it’d be awkward stepping back into the cafe just to use their restrooms.

I should look for somewhere to go before I head down to the lower levels…

Makoto began scanning around. She figured a commercial district like this was bound to have a convenience store or a shop or somewhere she could slip in and relieve herself quickly, even if she had to buy something first. Her eyes dashed from storefront to storefront lining the streets as she made her way towards the monorail station. However, either she had picked an inopportune time to realize she still needed to pee, or fate was playing a cruel prank on her. There wasn’t a single place where she could go. The streets were lined with bookstores and specialty shops and a bunch of places where it wasn’t common to find public restrooms. Some of them might have had one in the back somewhere, but checking each one for a chance at relief would burn through too much time, and Makoto wanted to catch the next monorail.

At this rate, Makoto figured it would be better just to hold it until she got to the station. She pressed her thighs together as she walked. Her bladder was noticeably full, and each step sent a nagging signal shooting through her body, but it wasn’t urgent. Not yet, anyway. She could easily make it to the station, even if it meant the walk there would be slightly more uncomfortable.

Makoto pushed the feeling of fullness of her bladder to the back of her mind and continued weaving through the crowds, making her way to the rail station. However, as she got closer, she noticed a lot more congestion, until she finally got to a huge crowd standing in front of a blocked off road.

Squeezing her way to the front, she saw a number of workers clearing out some rubble, as well as a number of officers blocking off the road. She saw one of them and flagged him down. Whether it was because he was close by or because she was wearing a military coat, he headed over to her quickly.

“What’s going on?”

“Oh, there was some sort of explosion. Magical in nature. We’re investigating and clearing the road, so for now this area’s blocked off unless you have authorization.”

“Okay, thanks! I was just curious.”

Makoto slipped back into the crowd and squirmed in place as her bladder once again reminded her of its fullness. She definitely needed to pee by this point, but her main concern was the detour. It seemed the officers were ushering people down a path, but if her memory of this area was reliable, that would add another fifteen minutes to her walk. She didn’t have that kind of time, less-so if she wanted to make a trip to the bathroom before boarding the monorail.

Her only other option was to take a shortcut. She knew the side streets and alleys well enough to cut through to the station while avoiding the area that was blocked off. The only problem was she was less likely to find a bathroom on the way. While she had resolved to just wait and used the one at the station, her bladder was getting more and more full, and she really wasn’t about to turn down a restroom if one showed up along the way.

She felt her bladder, bulging slightly out, having been steadily filling since she left her home that morning. She wouldn’t say she was desperate, she had definitely had to hold it much longer, but she definitely needed to go. She shuffled around and weighed her options. Ultimately, however, the shortcut was her only real choice if she wanted to make sure she wasn’t going to miss the monorail.

With a slight squeeze of her thighs and a light sigh, Makoto steeled herself and slinked into one of the alleyways, ready to head off to her destination. For some reason, now that she was delayed, her bladder was making itself way more known than before. Whereas before she had been relatively successful with ignoring her body’s needs, now simply walking was sending uncomfortable waves through her full bladder. The large coffee she had at the cafe certainly wasn’t helping. Somewhere in the back of her mind she was reminded that caffeine was a diuretic.

On the bright side, she no longer had to weave and dance through the crowds, and could take much more steady steps. She could also keep her legs pressed together more, which helped her a little.

As she continued slinking through the alleys, she checked the time. She still had a time buffer between the time she expected to reach the station and when her train left, but she’d be cutting it pretty close. Still, she really had to go and would much prefer using the station restrooms here than in the lower levels. She’d have to hurry if she wanted to make it to the station on time.

Makoto quickened her pace and once again tried to push her desperation to the back of her mind, though that was easier said than done. She made her way through the alley and emerged out onto a quiet side street. This area was more residential, and she doubted she’d be able to find a bathroom, but that didn’t stop her from looking. As she suspected, however, most of the areas around here were apartment complexes and other housing. She was hoping she’d find a single convenience store she could pop into real quick, but it seemed like this city’s design was particularly unforgiving to her today.

Trudging onwards without relief, Makoto continued down the side streets. She was rubbing her thighs together as she walked, biting her lip as her urge to pee continued to grow. By the time her shortcut had her slipping back into the alleyways, she briefly considered just giving up and going where she was. It was dark enough and sparse enough that no one would see her, and she wouldn’t have to worry about slipping in a trip to the bathroom at the station when she was already short on time.

No, I have to pee, but I’m not that desperate. I can make it to the station.

Mentally shooting down the idea of relieving herself in the back alleys, she continued onwards. She was just about back to the main road past where it had been blocked off, when she heard someone let out a horrified cry that was quickly muffled. Her sensitive ears quickly pinpointed where the cry had come from, and she ducked down, peering around the corner of an adjacent alley.

Two thuggish men were harassing some woman who had, for one reason or another, wandered off the main road and into the alleys. A daytime mugging was pretty bold, but then again, these thugs didn’t seem like they lived here in the upper levels.

“Listen, lady, hand over that pretty handbag of yours and no one needs to get hurt.”

That was all the context Makoto needed. In the next moment, she had dashed forwards, tossing her coat aside and delivering a strong punch to the first man’s stomach. However, the sudden movements seriously strained her bladder, and she stumbled as she squeezed her thighs together. She tensed her whole body up and barely managed to hold back a leak. The other thug took the opportunity to charge at her, brandishing a knife.

Makoto quickly ducked under the knife swing and delivered a strong uppercut to the poor man’s jaw, and even without her trusty tonfa, she could hear a rather painful cracking sound. She would have struck a victorious pose and admired her handiwork, had it not been for that last maneuver sending a jolt through her bladder so soon after the last one. She jammed a hand between her legs and winced, but even as she clamped down and fought to regain control of her bladder, she still let out a leak into her panties.

Still, she managed to keep it to just a leak, and quickly regained her composure.

“T-thank you!” the woman smiled, though she also seemed a little unsteady on her feet, “I uh, I came back here to… er… take care of something, but those two men jumped me.”

The way the woman was squirming and hopping from foot to foot desperately told Makoto everything she needed to know. Apparently she had come back here to relieve herself.

“I’m just glad you're safe, just be careful next time,” Makoto smiled back at her, trying to ignore her obvious desperation.

She picked her coat off of the ground and dusted it off before putting it back on. She briefly considered contacting the authorities about the two thugs, but they wouldn’t be bothering anyone anytime soon, and neither her nor the poor, desperate woman she had saved had time to wait around for that. In fact, the second Makoto made it clear she wasn’t going to stick around, the other woman gave her a hasty farewell and rushed off down another alley, likely to get the relief she had been seeking in the first place.

Makoto finally stepped back onto the main road and looked up. The Monorail station was close, less than three blocks away. Unfortunately, Makoto also noticed the monorail sitting in the station, currently being boarded. She checked the time and realized she was a little behind schedule.

Biting her lip, Makoto steeled herself and broke out into a sprint. Each step sent a shock of desperation shooting through her bladder, but she ignored them as best as she could, only going so far as to lighten her pace when she thought she was going to leak again. If she wanted any chance to catch the monorail at this rate, she couldn’t concern herself with her full bladder.

She darted into the station and scanned her card on the turnstiles quickly, slipping through and once again rushing towards the train. Her bladder sent her a spasm of protest when she ran past the restroom signs. She had to pee pretty bad, but she had a busy day and she was not about to miss this train. She could figure out what to do later.

Indeed, she managed to hop aboard one of the monorail cars before the doors closed. Her car was relatively empty, though that wasn’t exactly surprising. Maybe if it had been morning or evening there’d be more people travelling between the different levels of Kagutsuchi, but during the day it wasn’t as common. Luckily, that meant she was able to find a seat.

The second Makoto sat down, the adrenaline of nearly missing the monorail left her system, and was replaced with an overwhelming urge to pee. Her bladder was uncomfortably swollen at this point, and she really hadn’t done herself any favors sprinting three whole blocks, especially after getting into an unplanned fight. She hadn’t leaked again, but the damp patch on her panties where she had leaked from before was a cold, wet reminder that she hadn’t quite managed to make it through this dry. Worse still, now that she was on the monorail, she’d have to wait until she reached her stop for a chance to use the bathroom.

Makoto was sure she could hold it, but she knew it would be an uncomfortable affair. And that was even assuming the monorail station at the other end had working bathrooms. It wasn’t nearly as well-maintained as the stations in the upper levels, and Makoto had encountered dreaded out-of-order signs in front of the bathroom entrances before. The good thing about being in one of the less crowded cars though, was that she could openly hold herself and squirm in place without drawing too much attention to herself, or disturbing anyone sitting right next to her.

With both her hands jammed between her legs, Makoto tried to push her need to the back of her mind. But while that had worked during her walk after she had left the cafe, her bladder was far too full to make that a reality. Makoto was also having trouble getting her mind off her urge. They always tell you to think dry thoughts when you have to pee, but every time Makoto tried, her desserts would flood and turn into oceans, her dry rocky cliffs would turn into waterfalls. Her hot summer day would turn into a dreary rainstorm.

Makoto bit her lip as she continued to squirm around and hold it. She wasn’t worried she wasn’t going to make it through the ride on the monorail. The relatively smooth movements of the train weren’t going to jostle her and make her lose it, and while she did have to go quite badly, she had been way more desperate before. Her time working for the NOL had seen her far more desperate countless times, and even as far back as her time at the academy, she would often find herself in situations where she couldn’t relieve herself, much like this one.

Makoto recalled one time in particular. By some misfortune, she and Noel had gotten locked in one of the less-used, and thus less-checked, storerooms. Minutes drew out into hours, and eventually the two felt nature’s call. Of course, with no suitable place to relieve themselves in the small room, their options were rather limited.

Makoto wanted to just go right then and there. Her logic was simple. They had no idea when they were going to be found, and even if they were trying to avoid making a mess, if either of them wound up wetting themselves, they’d only make things harder to clean up. Furthermore, by the time Makoto had suggested it, her bladder was quite full, and Noel was completely restless herself.

Of course, the poor girl had insisted that they shouldn’t. There was no way she was going to live it down if whoever came to rescue them noticed the puddles of urine on the floor. Even when Makoto offered to vouch for her, Noel was insistent, and even persuaded Makoto to keep holding on too.

Makoto agreed begrudgingly, half out of not wanting to argue with her blonde friend, but also partly because she knew that if she went in front of Noel, the poor girl might lose it then and there. It was clear that, between the two of them, Noel had been far more desperate. Potentially it was because of her smaller frame, or perhaps she was unaccustomed to holding it for extended periods of time.

Either way, the two sat in that storage room, squirming and grabbing themselves and trying desperately not to pee. Noel had spent the last thirty or so minutes they had been trapped in that room curled up, practically shaking in the effort to keep it all in. Makoto herself couldn’t sit still for a second, hopping from foot to foot as she tried to fight back against the leaks she was letting out, slowly but steadily.

Finally, help came, and the storeroom was unlocked. Makoto wanted to dash straight to the bathroom and let out the hours-worth of pee she had been holding back, but she wanted to wait for Noel. Unfortunately, the poor girl had reached her limit, and they both knew it. The second Noel tried to stand, the floodgates burst. Makoto wanted to say that she had merely joined her friend so she wouldn’t be alone in her embarrassment, but that was only half-true. The mere sight of Noel wetting herself had been too much for Makoto, and her strained bladder muscles had given out.

Makoto shuddered just recalling the sheer desperation she had endured back then, and in other incidents like it. As desperate as she felt now, she was nowhere near that level, and she knew that she could make it until she reached the next station. The ride would take about 20 minutes. It wouldn’t be fun holding it the whole time, but she was confident she could hold it at least that much longer. She scissored her legs back and forth in her seat as she continued to hold herself, trying not to focus too much on the mounting pressure.

Ten minutes in and Makoto was feeling pretty uncomfortable. The bulge of her bladder would be clearly visible for all to see were it not for her coat covering her otherwise revealing outfit. She was restless in her seat, shuffling with her thighs pressed together and her knees bouncing up and down. She leaned forward slightly to adjust her position, but it only served to put more pressure on her abdomen, and she squeezed her eye shut as a wave of desperation washed over her.

I can hold it. Just ten more minutes, then I can get to the station and pee.

That was, at least as long as the bathrooms were open. Even if they were, they were always gross and run-down, Makoto usually opted to avoid them if she could. If they were closed, she wasn’t sure what she’d do. She was down there to go shopping, but most of the shops were small, run-down places that didn’t have the money or staff to maintain public restrooms, assuming they even had the space for them. Perhaps she could take a page out of the woman from earlier’s book and slink back into the alleyway for her much-needed relief, but then again, she was headed to a lower area of the city. If getting mugged was even a possibility in the upper levels where she had just been, Makoto shuddered to think what could happen in the dark alleys of the lower levels.

Not that she wasn’t confident she could fight them off if anyone tried anything, but the thought of doing so either bursting to pee, or having to stop-- or more likely not stop-- and fight them mid-pee wasn’t exactly appealing either.

If only I’d gone back at the cafe! I can’t believe I forgot.

She looked around the mostly empty train car and came up with an idea. She could go here. Or at least move to the end of the train car, relieve herself, and then come back. She felt bad about it, but she’d heard stories of people witnessing homeless stragglers, or otherwise regular commuters who’d gotten caught out at a bad time, relieving themselves on the train. With the few people in this particular car, three of which were all engaged in a heated conversation and two more who looked to be asleep, it would be a trivial matter to slip back there unnoticed.

I really shouldn’t… but it’s the best option. Besides, once I do it, I’ll feel better for the rest of the ride.

Another spasm from her full bladder was all it took to convince Makoto fully. She nodded to herself, grabbing a small packet of tissues that she carried around with her in her coat before slipping it off and leaving it on the seat behind her. She stood up, wincing as her bladder fought against the movement, and looked behind her to ensure no one was watching her directly.

She then made her way towards the back of the car. Even without anyone watching her, she tried to make it look like she was just stretching her limbs. She gave one more cautious glance towards the others on the train, and confident no one was paying her any mind, she began. She hiked her leg up on one of the benches to spread them enough so she could pull her black panties aside. The cool air of the car made her shudder, and the spread legs made her bladder scream at her for relief. But she held on enough to adjust herself, lowering her hips and making sure her stream would be pointed slightly in front of her, rather than down towards her legs.

She relaxed her muscles enough to let out a spurt, then clamped down, waiting to see where her stream was headed. Once she was confident her stream wasn’t going to hit her legs or the seats, she let loose. Pee began streaming out of her, arching slightly as she felt her muscles relax and her bladder start to drain. The uncomfortable pressure she’d been holding back lessened, turning into blissful relief as she let all her pent-up urine flow freely out of her. She bit back a relieved moan, not wanting to gain any unwanted attention.

As she continued to pee and the pleasure of relief subsided, she felt incredibly self-conscious and embarrassed over the situation. A blush crept up on her cheeks, and she continued to glance over at the other people on board, hoping she could finish up before they looked over to see what she was doing. As her bladder continued to drain, she pushed outward with her muscles, trying to force her pee out faster. Her stream surged and splashed further out from the puddle she was making on the floor, and then it slowed to a trickle, then a dribble, and finally she stopped.

She wiped herself off with a tissue and dropped it in her puddle before thinking. The second it landed, it soaked up more pee and she sighed. Her plan had been to carry the tissue away with her, in hopes that once the puddle dried it’d be even less obvious what had happened in the back corner, but instead now there was clear evidence that someone had relieved themselves, intentionally at that.

There was nothing for it now, though. All she could do was fix her panties, readjust her skirt, and return to her seat, refusing to look at anyone on her way back out of fear of making eye contact. She felt extremely self-conscious, and quickly slung her coat back over her outfit. Luckily, the rest of the ride was much more comfortable than the first half, and despite of the nagging knowledge that there was a large puddle of her pee, cooling at the back of the car, Makoto was able to relax.

Once they got to the station, Makoto made sure to act as natural as possible when disembarking, even as some of the passengers boarding as she got off made their way towards the back of the train where they’d likely see what she’d left behind. She blushed thinking about it, but forged onwards. As she passed by the turnstiles and glanced towards the bathrooms, sure enough, the familiar sign reading “out of order” was plastered across the doors.

I guess I made the right call, it’s really embarrassing, that I had to do that, though...

Makoto shook her head. She didn’t have time to worry about that. She had more errands to run, and she wanted to finish them quickly so she could return home. If she got through them quickly, she wouldn’t have to worry about finding another bathroom today.

- The End -

