Movies Half-Finished, Bladders All Full - A Persona Q2 Story ft. A lot of the girls!

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2025-05-10 18:23

This one's another comm, and a massive one at that! It involves a scenario where, between going through the movie labyrinths, the cast get trapped in unfinished movies of different genres, split up by their Arcana. Trouble is, they all have to pee, but they don't know how to get back to the cinema. This is a long one but I had a lot of fun juggling all the different girls and getting to explore both their dynamics and desperation! Hope you enjoy!

Movies Half-Finished, Bladders All Full

“Whew,” Ryuji let out a relieved sigh as the group all tumbled out of the movie screen, “Good thing we stocked up on Goho-Ms. I thought we were all goners there!”

“That FOE was really something else,” Junpei agreed, taking off his hat and wiping the sweat from his brow, “Hey man, can we try not cutting it so close next time?”

“Sorry, you guys,” Haru looked down sadly, “If I hadn’t taken so much damage, we could’ve kept going.”

“Don’t beat yourself up, we were all struggling with that fight,” Yu spoke, “I think we just need to prepare more for next time.”

“Yeah, now that we know what we’re getting into, we can plan a better strategy for the rematch,” Joker nodded.

“We were able to get some good data, at least,” Futaba grinned, “I’ll totally analyze it and we can plan things out for next time.”

The group had charged into the movie with high hopes of taking out the FOE and maybe even clearing out the labyrinth completely, but unfortunately the fight proved just a bit too tricky for all of them. It also didn’t help that they weren’t entirely used to fighting together just yet. Having three different groups of Persona users made things tricky to manage, since whoever was in charge had to know the strengths and weaknesses of the others.

Still, needing some rest and a chance to wind down, the group left the theater and headed back into the cinema’s main hall, where they quickly reunited with Elizabeth and the others.

“Ah, you’re back,” Elizabeth noted, “Though, going by the defeated looks on your faces, I’m guessing you did not succeed in defeating your enemy?”

“Not this time,” Joker shook his head.

“Rough fight, huh?” Makoto asked, “We can discuss strategies while you’re getting patched up.”

“Yeah, you look like you could use a break,” Kotone observed.

“Tell me about it,” Yu nodded, rubbing his shoulder as he took a seat.

“Fuuka, were you and Futaba able to get some good data? I’m interested to look it over, it might help for the next battle, even if I’m not directly involved.”

“A-ah, Futaba was the one acting as the battle navigator, I was providing field support,” Fuuka noted.

“I see,” Mitsuru nodded, “Then, I’d like to discuss that with you.”

As the large group all strategized, and the ones who had just come from the battle got themselves patched up and settled in, the strange hectic calm between fights settled in amongst the group. It was such a strange situation they were all in, being locked in a cinema, going into movies to fight shadows, and the simple fact that there were two other groups of Persona users out there in the world.

It was a lot to take in on all of them, and plus meeting so many new people and not only having to work, but fight together could definitely be a big shock. Not to mention the presence of Kotone, who was an enigma all on her own. Joker was glad there were at least other Wild Cards here. The whole thing would’ve been a bit too overwhelming otherwise.

“Hey, may I speak with you for a moment, Ren?”

It was Akechi. Come to think of it, when Joker and the others first returned, he hadn’t seen Akechi waiting there.

“What’s up?”

“While you were gone, I didn’t want to be idle, so I took the liberty of exploring the cinema a bit further. I found something interesting.”

“Oh? What is it?”

“It’s a door to something that looks like a storage room, though considering how odd this place seems to be, I thought it prudent not to enter alone, so I didn’t get to see very much,” Akechi noted, “Think it would be best if we investigated it as a group, though naturally I’ll defer to your leadership on this one.”

They had investigated the theater pretty thoroughly at that point, and Joker didn’t remember seeing a mysterious door like the one Akechi was describing. It was true that, due to their effects on cognition, certain superficial things like posters and displays had changed, but the layout of the cinema itself had remained consistent.

“If a new door appeared suddenly, I think we should check it out,” Joker nodded.

“Agreed,” Akechi nodded, “Ah, but I’ll let you rest first, of course.”

With that, Akechi left, and Joker finished patching himself up after the battle before settling in and looking around. Yu was discussing something with Margaret, the navigators were sharing the information they gathered during the battle while they discussed strategy with Mitsuru and Makoto, and the rest of them naturally gravitated towards their own groups. SEES was hanging out in the chairs near the ticket box, the Investigation Team had taken seats at some tables near the concession stand, and the Phantom Thieves were lounging on the floor in the middle. Kotone was sitting near SEES, though she seemed to be talking to Hikari and Nagi. Joker guessed it was because it was still a bit awkward for her to be around people she knew, but versions that seemed to have no memories of her.

After resting up a bit, Joker broached the subject with the rest of the group.

“Ah, yes,” Nagi nodded, “that is where the door to the storeroom is. I noticed it was missing when me and Hikari first became trapped here. I wonder why it’s only just appeared now?”

“We didn’t really do anything to make it appear suddenly, like a change in cognition or something,” Morgana pointed out.

“Well, we did nearly lose against a pretty tough FOE,” Futaba pointed out, “Maybe it’s some kind extra bonus you unlock if you need a bit of extra help.”

“Ooh! Like in a video game?” Junpei asked enthusiastically.

“Hmm, but does this Cinema really work like that, I wonder?” Naoto pondered, placing a hand on her chin.

Akechi stepped in, “Honestly, as the one who found it, I doubt it’s anything like that. From the little I did see, it really does look like a normal storeroom. Though out of caution I still think it’s best if we investigate it as a group.”

“Agreed, who knows what we’ll find in there?” Mitsuru nodded, “It’s always best to be prepared.”

“Well, no sense in putting it off,” Yosuke smirked, “You ready to go, partner?”

“Yeah,” Yu nodded.

Akechi led the way, and the large group all made their way down the hall, passed the bathrooms until they reached a door marked “Storage Room - Employees Only”. Despite the warning, the door opened easily, and Akechi was the first to step inside. They all filed in to find a dark, dusty room filled with large shelves reaching up to the ceiling, stacked with old film reels, projector parts, and other supplies.

“Wow, it really does look like a normal storage room,” Yukiko noted.

“It’s pretty much exactly what you’d expect, huh?” Haru agreed, “It’s a bit underwhelming.”

“Were you expecting to find something more interesting?” Mitsuru crossed her arms.

“Sort of. I mean, isn’t this kinda lame?” Ryuji asked, slumping his shoulders.

“Actually, there is something interesting about this place,” Rise pointed out, “It’s way bigger than a normal storage room for a theater, right?”

“Actually, now that you mention it, this place is pretty big. More like a warehouse than a room in a regular cinema,” Haru observed.

Yosuke looked around before nodding, “Yeah, not even the storeroom back at Junes is this big.”

“Not to mention some of the stuff stored here feels out of place for a simple movie theater to have on hand,” Yusuke added, picking up some kind of intricate helmet, “These look like movie props. And they’re high quality, not just replicas.”

“It seems I found something interesting after all,” Akechi mused, picking up a model handgun with a silencer and holding it out in front of him with a smirk, “Well, what do you say, Ren? Shall we have a look around?”

“I don’t see why not,” Ren nodded, “We might find something useful.”

“These are all props, but do you think there’s any real weapons here we can use?” Yukari asked, gravitating towards a prop longbow.

“I doubt it, I mean, if this is all supposed to be movie stuff, they wouldn’t want the actors getting hurt, right?” Chie noted.

“Too bad weapons don’t work like our guns, and work as long as they look real enough,” Ryuji sighed, “Ah, but I guess our guns aren’t working now either…”

Yu glanced over at Naoto, who was observing a sci-fi helmet with an orange visor and that looked like it came out of a mech anime, “Well, Naoto’s does. But it’s real.”

Mitsuru placed a hand on her chin, glancing around with concern, “Still, this place is pretty big, it’ll take a while to comb the whole thing.”

“We also don’t want to forget our main objective here is finishing off that FOE and changing the plot of the movie!” Futaba added.

“Oh, I know,” Junpei grinned, “We should split up and look for clues, gang!”

Kotone giggled, “Is that the professional advice of Junpei Iori, Ace Detective?”

Junpei, who was in the room with two people both known as the Detective Prince, suddenly blushed and scratched the back of his neck, “A-ah, I mean, it was just something I saw in a cartoon once…”

“No, I agree, it’ll take too long exploring all of this as a single group,” Akechi nodded, “Splitting up and letting everyone know if we find anything would be prudent.”

“S-see,” Junpei immediately switched from embarrassed to cocky, “I know what I’m talking about!”

“Congratulations,” Yukari sighed, crossing her arms, “You’ve had one good idea.”

“Anyway, we should get to searching.”

The group then split up, first into their respective teams, and then further into groups of two or three to cover more ground. Ren found himself with Makoto and Futaba, with Makoto sticking to him rather closely. Ren looked up and noticed it was still rather dark even with the lights, so he let out a knowing smile and made sure he stepped closer to her in return.

They sifted through rows and rows of props, old, dusty film canisters, either unmarked or containing names of films they were unfamiliar with. They could hear the others chattering in the distance too. This storeroom was huge, and it almost felt like it went on forever.

Eventually, however, Joker heard Yosuke’s voice call out, “Hey, I think we found something!”

The rest of the groups reconverged in the center row and followed the sound of Yosuke’s excited calls. Once they got there, they found what looked to be an old projector, surrounded by towers of those same old-school film reels. The strangest thing, though, was that the one in Yosuke’s hand seemed to be glowing a vibrant blue, and another halfway up one of the towers was also illuminated.

“This has to be something, right?” Chie asked, carefully pulling out the other glowing canister.

Interestingly, as Joker and company came closer, another canister began glowing. As the whole group converged, about a dozen or so canisters wound up lighting up, and the projector also seemed to start glowing.

“What do you think this is? Some old projector they used to use?” Fuuka asked, observing the projector.

“I’m getting a strange feeling from it,” Kotone remarked, “Like a strange but familiar sense.”

“Yeah, me too,” Yu agreed.

Joker felt it too, “It’s glowing blue. Do you think this has anything to do with the Velvet Room?”

Kotone shrugged before placing a finger on her lip in thought, “Well, Theodore and the others are here, so maybe?”

“We should ask them,” Yu suggested.

“Good idea, let’s… huh!?”

Joker was about to turn to the others when he heard a sudden crash. The next thing he knew, Ryuji and Ann were on the ground, covered in a pile of the film canisters.

“Ow!” Ann rubbed her behind where she landed and turned to glare at Ryuji, “I told you not to do that?”

“I was just lookin’ at one of these glowy ones!” Ryuji replied defensively, holding up a glowing canister.

“You didn’t have to grab the one on the bottom!”

“But this one had writing on it!” Ryuji pointed out, “Can’t read it, though.”

Ann grabbed the film canister and dusted it off, “Hey, it says ‘Les Amoureux’ and underneath that is ‘unfinished’. What do you think that means?”

“Maybe these movies are in storage because they were all unfinished?” Naoto proposed, “But why would a movie theater have so many unfinished movies?”

“Also, Les Amoureux… It means ‘The lovers’ in French,” Mitsuru noted, “Is that its title?”

“Hey, this one has writing on it too,” Yosuke held up another glowing canister. Mitsuru quickly grabbed it.

“This one says ‘La Bateleur’, the magician, and it’s also marked as unfinished,” Mitsuru grabbed another one, careful to slide it out from its place in the stack, “This one is ‘L'Ermite’, the hermit.”

“Hey, wait, aren’t those all tarot arcana?” Yukari asked, “What’s going on here?”

“Man, this just keeps getting weirder and weirder,” Yosuke crossed his arms, leaning a little too far to the side. His shoulder brushed one of the towers of film reels, and he sent it toppling over.

As they fell, the knocked over canisters crashed down and knocked into the canisters next to it, causing a domino effect as that knocked over another stack, and then another. Fuuka and Rise, who were still checking out the old projector, let out a surprised squeak and accidentally bumped into it too.

Kanji quickly reached for the heavy thing before it could topple over, but in doing so his finger hit one of the buttons, and the old projector whirred to life. It projected a blinding light onto the wall of the storeroom, which engulfed everyone in a blinding light.

“Ah, I can’t see a thing!”

“H-hey, what’s going on!?”

“Joker, Joker where’d you go?”

Suddenly, they all felt like they were falling, and their voices seemed to fade as if they were growing further and further apart.

“AAAHHHH!”

“What the hell, man!?”

“Woof, woof woof!”

Koromaru!? Kotone!?”

After the flash settled down, the projector’s light dimmed down to a more normal level, but the whole group had totally vanished. The canisters still glowed however, and on each of them was marked the name of a tarot arcana, written in latin.

###

“AAAAHHHHH!”

Makoto found herself landing in something soft as she opened her eyes. She immediately had to close them again, as the bright environment was a total contrast to the dark room she had just been in. She squinted as she slowly opened them again, trying to get her bearings.

“Ren? Ren?”

“Makoto, is that you?”

The voice wasn’t entirely familiar to her yet, but Makoto could tell it wasn’t one of the Phantom Thieves. By the time she was able to open her eyes, she could see Fuuka looking over at her with concern.

“Are you alright?”

Makoto picked herself off the ground, “Yeah, I think so.”

She reached down to dust herself off, suddenly noticing she was in her Phantom Thief attire.

“Huh? I’m wearing this? Then are we in another movie? Where are we?”

“It looks like some kind of desert.”

That hadn’t been Fuuka. Makoto turned around to see Yukiko brushing sand off her skirt as she looked around.

Makoto did so as well, holding her hand above her eyes to block the sun as she scanned their surroundings. Sure enough, as far as the eye could see, there was little more than sand dunes and sunbaked rocks. Heat waves rose from the ground and created distant mirages, and it took squinting way off in the distance to see what looked like a distant city or town. The only thing of note nearby was a jeep fitted with large tires for driving through the sandy terrain.

Fuuka pulled out her evoker and summoned Lucia, closing her eyes to concentrate, “I’m detecting a few weak shadows in the distance, but I’m getting no major signatures like any FOEs.”

“There doesn’t seem to be anyone else around either, even though someone must have left this jeep here,” Makoto noted.

“Well, that’s the only thing around, we should check it out,” Yukiko suggested.

The other two nodded and they all headed over to the jeep. Surprisingly it was unlocked and the keys were already in the ignition, though the vehicle had not been left running. A cursory search turned up a long-distance radio, an old-school satellite phone, a map and gps, and a number of supplies fitting for a long trek out into the desert, including plenty of food and water.

Makoto was rummaging around in the glove box when she found a familiar face. It was a small pen case filled with pens and other supplies, but it was Buchimaru-themed. It reminded her of her own, but it looked a lot newer and cleaner.

“Aw, what a cute pen case!” Yukiko looked over, seeing Makoto studying it carefully.

“Yeah, but what is it doing here? It seems a bit out of place.”

Fuuka came up behind her, curious, “Maybe it changed, like things in the other movies.”

Makoto blushed, “Then it was my cognition that changed it…?”

“H-hey, Makoto, look!” Fuuka pointed over at the papers in the glove box, “The name on the car’s registration, it’s yours!”

“Wait, what?”

Makoto scrambled for the papers,and sure enough, they had her name and personal information on it, all accurate.

“Hey, I found some kind of journal back here too,” Yukiko called out. She held up a leather-bound journal and opened it up to read, “The discovery logs of Professor Makoto Niijima and her archeological team…?”

“Professor?” Makoto gasped.

“Let me keep reading,” Yukiko flipped to one of the more recent pages, “‘Today, I met a promising understudy in Ms. Yamagishi. Yukiko is enthusiastic about bringing her on board for the upcoming expedition.’ H-hey, our names are in here too!”

“Understudy?” Fuuka asked, “W-well, I guess since you’re a third-year, that’s true… though I’ve never had an interest in archaeology.”

“Me neither,” Makoto placed a hand on her chin curiously, “What else does it say?”

“‘Now that we’ve deciphered the hieroglyphs, we’ve narrowed down the location of Queen Amunet’s tomb. With the help of local experts familiar with the ruins, I’m hoping to draw up a map that will lead us to this fantastic discovery.’”

“I’m guessing this is in the middle of that expedition,” Makoto surmised.

“But wait, isn’t this supposed to be some kind of movie?” Fuuka asked.

“Maybe it’s supposed to be some kind of treasure-hunting adventure, like those movies from overseas,” Yukiko guessed, “What was his name again? India James? No, that doesn’t sound right…”

“The question is, if this really is another movie, why are our names in the journal?” Makoto noted, frowning, “All the other movies we’ve been in, we’ve been outsiders interfering with the original plot to change it. But here, it seems like we’re the main characters.”

“Well, we were in the store room, surrounded by glowing films marked ‘unfinished’,” Fuuka reminded her, “Do you think we somehow got sucked into one of those movies when the projector switched on?”

“But how? It wasn’t like there was a screen for the movie to be projected onto. And the films weren’t in the projector in the first place,” Yukiko asked.

“I don’t know, but that seems like the most likely explanation,” Makoto crossed her arms, “We somehow got split up and all got dragged into different unfinished films, that’s why no one else is here, and why the movie filled us in as the main characters. It was incomplete.”

Yukiko tilted her head in confusion, “But you wouldn’t start making a movie without the main characters, right? How would that work?”

“Well, it’s not like this is a normal movie, and our presence has impacted and changed the other movies before,” Makoto pointed out, “Though really, this is all just speculation on my part.”

“Well, it wouldn’t be the weirdest thing about this situation,” Fuuka pointed out.

“I guess that’s true,” Yukiko nodded. Suddenly, however, her face paled, and she gasped in alarm, “Wait a minute, if the movie wasn’t actually being played by the projector, and there’s no screen, how are we supposed to get out of here?”

The realization washed over the other two, and their eyes also widened in alarm.

“When I was scanning things earlier, I didn’t detect anything like the movie screen or any way out,” Fuuka admitted, placing her hands over her chest worriedly.

“Let’s not panic just yet…” Makoto spoke, though admittedly she was also trying to calm herself down as well. She looked down at the map, and at the jeep. The keys were in the ignition, and they had plenty of gas, “Maybe if we follow the plot of the movie, and play it out, we’ll be able to find some way out of here.”

“Wait, you mean like, find the tomb of that queen and find the treasure?” Yukiko asked.

Makoto couldn’t help but smile to herself. This was starting to feel familiar. Actually, driving through the desert to get to a tomb reminded her a lot of Futaba’s Palace.

“Don’t worry, you’ve got a Phantom Thief on your side, I know a thing or two about tomb-raiding,” Makoto smiled, “Anyway, let’s go.”

As the three piled into the car, Yukiko found herself shuffling nervously. In truth, one of the reasons she had panicked when she realized there was no screen to go back through easily was because she had to pee. It wasn’t that bad, but it was enough to be uncomfortable.

She rubbed her knees up and down and squirmed as she felt Makoto turn the ignition and send vibrations rumbling through the car. Still, it wasn’t bad enough that she couldn’t hold it until they got to the tomb and hopefully found a way back to the cinema. After all, she wasn’t about to go out in the open like this.

Actually, as Makoto started driving, she also noticed the first tell-tale signs of a filling bladder. It was a slight nag that hit her as the rough ride jostled the jeep. She had to keep her feet on the pedals, so she found herself leaning forwards slightly as she tried to push the sensation to the back of her mind. Thankfully, she didn’t have to go that much yet, so she was able to brush it off.

Behind them, Fuuka was also squirming. She had actually been ready to head to the restroom right as Joker’s team returned, and Mitsuru then roped her into discussing the battle data. After that, she wasn’t able to discreetly slip off before the whole group decided to explore the storeroom. She was also way too shy to admit her needs openly in front of so many people. Now that they were stuck in this movie, Fuuka was starting to worry, and the bumpy ride definitely wasn’t doing her bladder any favors.

As the girls all drove following the map carefully, all three of them secretly hoped they could find a way out of this movie before things got too bad.

###

“Hey, come in! Officer Sakamoto, you better not be sleepin’ on the job again!”

A gruff voice crackled over a radio, and Ryuji found himself opening his eyes. He found himself reclined in the passenger’s seat of a car, with a laptop and a radio in front of him.

“Hey, Sakamoto! Satonaka! You two are there, right? What the hell are you doing!?”

“Ugh, my head, I think I bumped it when we… fell? I dunno what happened,” Chie rubbed her head as she pulled it off the steering wheel, “Doesn’t help that some random jerk’s yelling at us!”

Chie opened her eyes and looked around. They were in a car, but there was definitely something familiar about it. In addition to the laptop and radio over on Ryuji’s side, there was a box on the dashboard for controlling lights and sirens, and the back was separated by a sturdy divider and a metal cage.

“Is this a cop car?” Chie asked, looking over at Ryuji, “A-ah!”

“What?” Ryuji sat up, fixing his seat upright.

“You’re wearing your scary clothes, just like we’re back in a movie!”

“Huh?” Ryuji looked down, “What the hell? Where are we?”

“Come in, Lieutenant Satonaka! Where are you?”

“Ugh, fine,” Chie grabbed the receiver, “What do you want?”

“What do I-? Lieutenant, is that any way to speak to your captain? We’ve got a situation on 3rd Street that we want you to check out! I expect you there on the double, or it’ll be your badge!”

“My badge?” Chie looked around, “Wait, then that means this cop car is mine?”

“Good lord you really were dozin’ off,” the voice on the other end spoke, “I expected more from our brightest star in the precinct. Listen, wipe those sleepy eyes of yours, get your head back in the game, and get down to 3rd Street! And make sure Officer Sakamoto’s with you! This might get messy.”

The radio clicked off, and Chie let out a sigh, “I barely know what’s going on here!”

“Tell me about it,” Ryuji scratched the back of his head, “I mean, what’s he goin’ on about lieutenants and officers and stuff. No way in hell would I ever become a cop!”

“Hey, what’s so wrong with being a cop?” Chie crossed her arms, “But anyway, is this supposed to be some kind of movie?”

“I dunno, all I remember is us knocking over a bunch of stuff, and then we were here,” Ryuji pointed out, “I guess it is kind of like the first time when we wound up at the cinema.”

“But the projector didn’t have a film in it, right?” Chie recalled, “And all the films were marked ‘unfinished’.”

“Yeah, but they were all glowy and shit. That usually means they’re important,or gonna do something weird. Maybe we got sucked in or somethin’?”

“You think that’s what happened?” Chie asked, “Well, it would explain how we suddenly got here. Why are we in a cop car, though? And why’s that guy acting like we’re cops?”

“Maybe it’s a cop movie?” Ryuji asked, “Dunno why we’re the cops, though.”

The two racked their brains for a few moments before the radio crackled again, this time it was chatter between what sounded like other officers, talking about the situation.

“Should we at least go check that out?” Chie asked.

“I guess? I mean, I don’t see a screen or a way out, so maybe the movie wants us to go along with the plot?”

“Oh yeah, I guess we don’t have a quick way back,” Chie looked around, “Well, I guess that means we’re cops now.”

“Ugh…” Ryuji groaned as Chie revved the cop car up. They quickly peeled away, and Ryuji braced himself against the sides of the seat as the car made a hard turn, “Uh, Chie, do you even have a license?”

“No, but this is a movie, right? And this cop car’s supposed to be mine, so it’s fine!”

“Yeah, but are we gonna be fine!?” Ryuji started asking, his question evolving into a panicked shout as he watched Chie swerve to barely avoid hitting a taxi, “Oh eff this!”

###

“So, let me get this straight,” Rise asked, placing a puzzled finger on her lips, “You think we’re in one of those glowing film things?”

“I hate to say it,” Yukari crossed her arms, “But that seems to be the most likely situation. I saw the projector get switched on, and then we appeared here. The others must’ve gotten sucked into the other films.”

“I don’t get what’s going on myself, but my guess is that’s also why there’s no one around except a few weaklings. The movies said they were unfinished. So there isn’t really anyone to fight here.”

“Okay, but then why are we in some creepy cabin in the middle of nowhere?” Rise asked.

“Well, it’s probably a horror movie or something,” Yukari pointed out, “Though, since the movie’s unfinished, I guess there aren’t any ghosts or monsters around to hunt us down.”

“That’s a relief,” Ann sighed, “I’m not really a big fan of horror movies. Though, since we know we won’t get attacked, the cabin actually seems kind of cozy, right?”

“Cozy, really?” Rise looked around, rubbing her arms as she got goosebumps, “This place just gives me the creeps.”

“Wait a minute, though,” Yukari asked, shifting her weight nervously, “There’s no screen to exit from!”

“I guess it’s because the projector wasn’t really set up, and the film wasn’t actually in the projector,” Ann noted.

“But wait, doesn’t that mean we’re trapped?” Rise asked.

“I hope not,” Yukari frowned, “Rise, can you see if you can find another way out?”

Rise nodded, summoning Himiko and scanning around. Unfortunately, she detected nothing, so Himiko faded and she shook her head.

“I don’t sense anything like another exit.”

“T-then what do we do? Are we seriously trapped here forever?”

“I don’t know,” Yukari crossed her arms, “Though, our best bet might be to look in there.”

“In the cabin?” Rise asked nervously.

“It’s either that or risk wandering out into those dark woods and getting lost,” Yukari pointed out.

“That’s true.”

“Well, at the very least it’s a house,” Ann pointed out, “Not the worst place to get trapped for a while.”

The three entered through the front door. From the outside, the cabin might’ve been at least somewhat inviting if it weren’t for the dark forest and dreary atmosphere, but inside the cabin was a totally different story. It was clearly run down and aging, with broken floorboards, creaky stairs, and cobwebs in nearly every corner. Rise hadn’t detected any enemies, or even anyone else besides themselves, but even still they took the precaution of not splitting up.

“Splitting up is the one thing you never do in a horror movie,” Ann exclaimed.

“Y-yeah, I’m not really looking to go exploring on my own,” Yukari agreed, “I have to agree with Rise on this one. This place gives me the creeps.”

The group made their way through the whole house, making sure everything was clear and looking for anything interesting that might be a key to getting back to the cinema. They checked the cabin room by room, first the living room, then the kitchen, then the hall leading to the bedrooms.

In the first bedroom there were a bunch of modeling books and outfits that Ann thought were really cute, as well as some light exercise equipment. It was stuff she could see having in her room. The next room seemed pretty ordinary, with a down-to-earth feel and music posters on the wall, though the closet was packed with a bunch of extravagant outfits that looked more suited for the stage than a cabin trip.

Hey, I recognize some of these outfits,” Rise noted, “They’re stuff I’ve worn for live shows before.”

The next room was definitely girly, with pink accents and accessories everywhere, though apart from that it was pretty ordinary, with an ordinary wardrobe to boot. The only thing of note was the archery equipment piled in the corner of the room.

“This place really is creepy, this reminds me of my room,” Yukari looked around uneasily.

“You know, I could say the same about that first room,” Ann agreed.

“I guess this is supposed to be our haunted cabin?” Rise asked, “Either that or they’re a bunch of creepy stalkers.”

“Maybe the movie’s filling us in as the main characters since it wasn’t actually finished. I mean, it doesn’t seem to have a monster or a killer, so it makes sense it doesn’t have anyone around to be the helpless group being hunted down,” Yukari guessed.

“Don’t say it like that! That just makes it sound creepy.”

“It’s a horror movie, it’s supposed to be creepy,” Yukari pointed out, “But it doesn’t look like we found anything that’ll help us get out of here so far.”

Yukari shuffled around a bit as she pressed her thighs together. She hadn’t mentioned it to the others yet, but she actually had to pee. That was part of why she was so eager to search the cabin for a way back to the cinema. Unfortunately, now that their search had turned up nothing, she wasn’t sure what to do next.

Her bladder spasmed in protest and Yukari found herself rubbing her knees together.

It wasn’t just her, though. Ann’s bladder was also filling up fast. She had gotten caught up talking to the others, trying to get to know so many new people, and she hadn’t really noticed that it had been quite some time since she last went to the bathroom. Unfortunately it was all starting to hit her now, and she could feel the pressure building up in her abdomen.

Despite this, it was actually Rise who spoke up first, “Say, uh, you two didn’t see a bathroom, did you?”

“N-no,” Yukari asked, blushing as she tried to still her squirming, “Why?”

“A-ah, no reason, I just thought it’s odd we haven’t found it yet,” Rise shrugged off awkwardly.

“Well, there’s one more door down this hall, it’s probably that one,” Ann replied.

The girls all made their way to the last door and tried to look inside, but when they did, the door wouldn’t budge. It wasn’t like the door was locked. They could feel the knob turning when they tried, but it felt like it was hitting something.

“Hey,” Rise knocked as she tried the door again, “Anyone in there?”

No response, the whole cabin remained silent as the girls all held their breath.

“There must be something heavy on the other side up against the door, then,” Yukari deduced, “Here, let me try.”

Yukari tried to force the door open, pushing up against it over and over. She finally got whatever was on the other side to move, but only slightly, and the door only cracked open a few centimeters.

“Whatever’s on the other side, it definitely doesn’t want to budge,” she panted, taking a step back and pressing her thighs together. All that exertion had sloshed around the contents of her bladder, and she fought off a pang of pressure as she bit her lip.

“H-hey, guys!” Rise gasped, voice shaky as she stepped backwards.

“What’s wrong?” Ann looked over.

Rise pointed down at the small gap between the door and the wooden floor beneath them. A thick, red substance was oozing out from underneath, spreading into a small puddle.

“I-I-Is that… blood!?” Rise gasped.

“I-is there a body on the other side of that door!?” Ann asked in horror.

Yukari immediately stepped back from the door, gasping as she made sure she hadn’t stepped in any blood. As they all looked at each other, all three girls immediately agreed to get away from the door immediately. They all rushed back down the hall and back to the living room.

Once the adrenaline calmed down, however, Rise was left rubbing her knees together as she tried not to think about needing to pee. Yukari bit her lip. That was probably the bathroom, but there was no way she was going to go back to check. Even if it was, it wasn’t like she was about to share a bathroom with a corpse, or whatever had left that blood puddle.

“It’s just a movie, it’s just a movie, this isn’t real,” Ann chanted to herself, trying to calm her still racing heart. It helped a little, and she settled down, but that did nothing for her full bladder. She found herself sitting down on the sofa, bouncing her leg restlessly as she thought about their next move.

“So, what now,” Yukari asked, “We checked the rest of the cabin, and there doesn’t seem to be anything else here.”

Rise tried scanning around again, but the second try ended just like the first, with Rise shaking her head in defeat, “Nothing. I’m detecting a few weak shadows out in the woods, but no signatures like the exit, no matter how far I try to scan.”

Yukari rubbed her thighs together as she hesitantly voiced something none of the other girls wanted to hear, “We might be stuck here. At the very least, we might have to wait around until someone else comes to rescue us.”

“B-but,” Ann felt her bladder squeeze, and she panicked at the idea of having to wait an extended time, “But surely there’s gotta be something we can do, right? There’s gotta be a way to escape!”

“We don’t even know how we got here, let alone how to get back,” Rise pointed out, crossing her legs as she shifted her weight. She tensed up a little, feeling her own full bladder nagging at her, “I’m sorry I couldn’t find anything.”

“It’s not your fault,” Yukari sighed, “But I’m not enthused about the idea of sitting around and waiting either.”

“Maybe there’s something we overlooked, something small we missed?” Ann suggested, “We can comb over the cabin again.”

“I mean, I suppose we don’t have anything better to do,” Rise nodded.

“Y-yeah,” Yukari agreed, “T-though, this time I do think we should split up. We’ve already determined the cabin’s safe, apart from whatever’s in the bathroom.”

In truth, she really didn’t want the others finding out she had to pee, her having no idea the others were in a similar boat. She wanted a bit of privacy to squirm around if she needed to.

Rise looked hesitant, but ultimately she agreed, and Ann nodded too. They all set off to scour the cabin again, looking for any way back to the cinema before their bladders really became an issue.

###

“Ah, it’s so hot,” Yukiko fanned herself with her own weapons as she slumped back against the passenger’s seat.

The discomfort of her full bladder had quickly been replaced with the unbearable heat as the desert sun beat down on the jeep as they traveled. All three girls were starting to sweat by now, with Makoto hunched over the steering wheel.

“This really is like Futaba’s Palace…” Makoto sighed, letting out a heavy breath. She swallowed and her mouth felt as crusty and sandy as the environment outside, “Hey, Fuuka, is there a canteen or something with water back there, I’m parched?”

“Hang on, let me check,” Fuuka leaned over, wiping the sweat from her forehead as she searched through the supplies. It didn’t take her long to find three large canteens, each filled to the brim, “Here.”

Fuuka passed one of the canteens forwards, and Makoto grabbed it with one hand as she continued to drive with the other. She popped it open and took a swig. The water was lukewarm from sitting in the hot car the whole time, but Makoto didn’t care. She was just thirsty.

Fuuka grabbed a canteen herself and took a big swig before immediately remembering why that was a bad idea. Her bladder immediately protested any more liquid being added to her body, even while she was baking under the desert sun. It squeezed and Fuuka rubbed her knees together, glancing around. There wasn’t anything as far as the eye could see, and she couldn’t detect anything either. If she asked to stop here, she’d have to go out in the open.

She blushed at the thought. There was simply no way she could bring herself to do that.

Makoto took another big gulp herself before she was reminded of her own bladder. She had lost track of how long they had been driving, but it felt like it had at least been 30 or 40 minutes. In that time, Makoto felt the nags from her abdomen only grow in intensity and frequency. It didn’t help that, since she was driving, she couldn’t press her thighs together for more than a few seconds at a time, and she could forget about rubbing her knees together or crossing her legs.

Yukiko looked over at Makoto as she set down the canteen and continued driving. Her own mouth was parched, and her lips were starting to dry out. She was thirsty, but she also really had to pee at this point. The vibrations of the jeep were going straight through to her full bladder, and she was rubbing her knees together restlessly as she shifted around in her seat. Adding more water on top of that was a bad idea.

“Here’s yours,” Fuuka offered, holding out the third canteen to Yukiko. She looked at it apprehensively before feeling another squeeze from her bladder, “That’s okay, I’m fine for now.”

“You really should drink,” Makoto suggested, having no idea that Yukiko also had to pee, “It’s really hot here, and it’ll be bad if we get dehydrated, or worse.”

Yukiko ignored yet another protest from her bladder as she finally gave into her thirst and grabbed the canteen. She took a few big gulps quickly, hoping that the quicker she got it over with, the easier it would be. Unfortunately it had the opposite effect. All that water rushing down her throat as she drank hit her bladder hard, and it spasmed, causing her to nearly spill the rest of her canteen as she froze and clamped her legs together tightly.

Thankfully, the wave passed, but Yukiko was sitting there awkwardly, shuffling in place as she capped off the canteen and set it down next to Makoto’s.

As Yukiko turned her attention out the window, all she could see was more sand dunes and the distant ripples of heat rising above the surface, as well as a distant mirage that reminded her of a lake off in the distance. She winced at the thought of more water and turned her attention to Makoto, who sat stiffly as she drove.

“Are you good to drive us the whole way?” Yukiko asked.

“I’ll be fine. I’m used to driving by now,” Makoto replied. She might be more comfortable holding it if she didn’t have to drive, but it would take time to switch, and she just wanted to get to the tomb as fast as possible. She took a quick second to press her left leg into her right before a particularly steep sand dune meant she had to shift back down to climb it.

“Besides, do either of you know how to drive?”

“No, but I kind of feel bad, making you do the driving,” Yukiko looked down.

“I don’t really know much about cars either,” Fuuka admitted, “I always just take the train or walk.”

“I do too, most of the time,” Makoto replied, “But it helps us when exploring Mementos.”

“Mementos?” Fuuka asked, tilting her head to one side inquisitively.

“Oh, it’s a huge Palace formed from the collective unconscious of all of humanity,” Makoto explained, “We mentioned how Palaces work, right?”

“Yeah, I think,” Yukiko nodded.

“Anyway, it’s a big, multi-level Palace infested with Shadows, and exploring it is part of the job of the Phantom Thieves,” Makoto concluded.

“Ah, I see. It sounds like Tartarus.”

“Oh yeah, the big dungeon your school turns into at night, right?” Yukiko recalled.

The three jumped into conversation, explaining the more intricate details of how their teams worked. It served as a temporary distraction for their filling bladders. Still, that didn’t stop all three of them practically freezing up when the jeep hit a rather rough dip.

Yukiko let out a squeak and clamped her thighs together, while Fuuka in the back crossed her legs. Makoto, who couldn’t do either, shuffled and bounced her knee up and down as she bit her lip.

Yukiko shuffled in place as she fought back the wave, but it wasn’t like the road had suddenly gone back to being smooth. Each bump and rumble went straight through to her bladder before she could recover, and she found herself seriously worried she might leak.

Makoto was doing better, but only marginally, fighting off and letting the wave subside. Still, she couldn’t really shift much in her seat, and her driving position made it hard for her to squeeze or rub her thighs together for more than a few seconds at a time. She drummed the steering wheel anxiously, hoping her bladder would hold out.

Fuuka bit her lip and looked down at the GPS for a brief moment, cross-referencing it to the map to make sure they were still going the right way. They were, but it still seemed like a good distance off. She crossed her legs and squirmed on the seat, having a bit more privacy with the other two girls facing forwards. All the while she was nervously wondering if she’d make it to the tomb, let alone back to the cinema, before she would really need to stop and relieve herself.

Not wanting to delay the others and a bit too embarrassed to voice her own needs, Fuuka declined to mention anything, and the three continued driving on.

It didn’t help that, throughout all of this, the three kept having to go back to their canteens frequently. No matter how full their bladders were, it was still a desert, and the heat meant they needed to constantly fight off the dehydration. Of course, their bladders didn’t know or care, protesting with each sip. Makoto found herself hesitantly reaching for her canteen again and just the sloshing made her bladder buckle.

When she opened it to take a swig, however, only a few small drops came out, barely wetting her dry tongue. She briefly considered taking this as a sign she should avoid any more water intake, but the sweat dripping from her chin told her that was a bad idea.

“Hey, Fuuka, can you fill this up for me, it’s empty.”

Makoto passed her canteen back to Fuuka, who took it and looked over at the large canister of water on the seat next to her. It looked impossibly heavy, but luckily there was a spout positioned over the edge of the seat so she could fill the canteen easily.

Fuuka began filling, and almost immediately the sound of the water made all three react. Fuuka clenched her teeth as the sound of flowing water went straight to her bladder. She was also in an awkward position, leaned over with one hand on the spigot and the other holding the canteen. In that position, she couldn’t really squirm much or cross her legs, so she settled for pressing her thighs together and tapping her foot.

Yukiko could hear the water pouring behind her as it filled the canteen, sloshing around as the jeep rode roughly over the dunes. She tensed up, placing her hands on her thighs and rubbing her knees together as the sound urged her to let her own pent-up liquid flow.

Makoto immediately regretted asking for more water as she tried to focus on the road rather than the sound behind her. She let out a faint whimper as she was barely able to clamp her thighs together while still keeping her foot on the pedals. She gripped at the steering wheel and hoped that the canteen was almost full.

Thankfully, the torturous sound only lasted for a few more moments, and when it did Makoto let out a brief sigh of relief. It was a bit premature, though, as once Fuuka was done, she leaned forwards and handed the full canteen back to Makoto.

“H-here you go.”

“Thank you,” Makoto took the canteen back. It would be awkward for her to simply put the canteen down after she asked, and her throat was still parched, so she took a large swig. Immediately she felt her bladder protest and sent a wave of pressure coursing through her abdomen.

Rubbing her legs together as best as she could, Makoto tried to fight off the sudden urge. She managed to, feeling the wave subside, but that was only a small comfort given she had no idea when she’d get to relieve herself next.

Yukiko and Fuuka were silently struggling too, and Yukiko was actually debating just openly asking. She didn’t think her bladder could take the bumpy ride for much longer, and she wasn’t even sure how long they had until their destination. Before she could speak up, though, she looked up and saw something in the distance.

“Hey, is that it? Those look like ruins to me,” Yukiko pointed to the distant structure ahead of them.

Fuuka peeked around Makoto’s seat and gazed out the front window. At first she thought it might’ve been a mirage, but as she focused she could see there were actual ruins up ahead. Fuuka checked the map and sure enough, that was their destination.

“That must be it!” Fuuka exclaimed, secretly relieved.

“Thank goodness,” Makoto sighed, more to herself than to the others.

The ruins were still quite a ways away, but at least now they could see their destination. The sight invigorated their resolve, and all three of them steeled their bladders for the rest of the drive ahead.

###

“Nothing here… nothing here… Ugh, this would be a whole lot easier if I didn’t have to pee!”

Yukari found herself rummaging through the closet in the hallway, trying not to think about the door at the end of the hall as she searched. She was crouched down, shuffling in place while sifting through various useless trinkets. She honestly didn’t even know what to look for. Maybe there was the glowing film canister somewhere and they could use that to get back out like they had gotten in? Beyond that, Yukari was just looking for anything that stood out, like something she’d expect to see in Tartarus.

Ann was in the living room, running her finger along the dusty spines of books lined up on the bookcase. The titles were all in English, so it was down to her to see if any of them stood out. It wasn’t like Ann really knew what that meant, though, or if any of them would help them get back to the cinema. She was also growing rather distracted by her bladder, which was sending her constant reminders of how full it was getting. She shuffled slightly as she crossed her legs, trying not to make her squirming too obvious with Rise behind her in the kitchen.

Rise herself was starting to struggle. She shifted her weight from foot to foot as she searched the cabinets. Most of the food here was stuff that could last a while, with only a few perishables stocked up in the pantry and the fridge. There was plenty of water and food, at least, so they wouldn’t go hungry or thirsty even if they were stuck here for a while.

The thought only made Rise all the more aware of the building pressure in her abdomen. She rubbed her knees together and bit her lip, glancing back towards the hallway. It figured that she had to pee, and the only room in the house that could be a bathroom was blocked by… whatever was behind that door.

Rise shivered, both from the creepy thought of there actually being some kind of corpse on the other side, but also from her growing urge to pee.

As the search progressed, Yukari ventured further down the hall, to the other closet right outside the bathroom. She tried not to focus on the red liquid pooled underneath the door as she sorted through towels and linens, moving quickly. As soon as she was done, she could get away from the bathroom.

Yukari danced in place as she looked through what she could up-top, and then had to bend over to reach the lower shelves. She let out a grunt as the shift in position put pressure on her bladder, and she wound up squeezing her thighs together and bouncing up and down in a crouch as she continued searching.

Meanwhile, Ann had finished up with the bookshelf and was now searching behind the couch. She was bent over and trying to hover so her stomach, and more importantly her bladder, wasn’t pressing into the back of the couch as she reached over. Suddenly, however, she slipped, and she fell against it. The instant pressure this put on her bladder made Ann squeak as she froze up, slamming her legs together tightly and barely resisting the urge to grab herself.

She managed to recover without leaking, but she was now acutely aware of just how badly she needed to pee. She could hear the old couch creak underneath her as she squirmed on top of it. As soon as she verified there wasn’t anything behind the couch, she flipped around and wriggled, taking a brief pause for her bladder’s sake before continuing on.

“Anyone find anything yet?” Rise called out, a clear sense of urgency in her voice.

“Not yet, sorry,” Ann shook her head with a sigh.

“Nothing here either,” Yukari came back from the hall as they all reconverged in the living room, “All that’s left are the bedrooms, I think.”

“I think it’d be best if we split them up by whose room they’re supposed to be,” Rise suggested, “If they’re based off of our thoughts, they might have some personal stuff in them.”

“Ooh?” Ann tilted her head to the side, smiling in spite of the situation, “Why, got any secrets you don’t want us finding?”

“I m-mean, not really. You already know I’m the idol Risette, and it’s not like I have any secret crushes or anything.”

“Yeah,” Ann continued teasing, “You’re pretty open about feelings for Yu.”

“Open? More like gushing,” Yukari rolled her eyes.

“Hey, don’t be like that, Yukari,” Ann shifted her weight as she placed a hand on her hip. The pressure in her abdomen flared up, and she paused to squeeze her thighs together discreetly before continuing, “I think it’s cute!”

“C-cute!? I mean, that’s-!” Rise only blushed more.

“Yeah, cute, sure,” Yukari crossed her arms.

“Oh come on, like you’ve never gushed over someone before,” Ann shook her head, “I see the way you talk about your leader.”

Yukari’s eyes widened and she stomped her foot, a move she almost immediately regretted when the recoil went straight to her bladder. She rubbed her knees together before glaring at Ann, “That’s totally different. He’s reliable and I trust him as a friend and ally, nothing more.”

Despite her insistence, Yukari couldn’t help but feel heat rise up on her cheeks.

“Well, you definitely speak about him differently than you do about the others.”

“That’s because Junpei’s an idiot, Akihiko’s a bit of a meathead, and Shinjiro likes to keep to himself,” Yukari pointed out.

“What about Fuuka, or Mitsuru?”

“W-wha-?”

“Girls can like other girls, you know,” Rise chimed in, this time happy she wasn’t on the receiving end of the teasing.

“I’ve never really thought about girls like that,” Yukari replied, “Besides, Fuuka’s way too geeky for my tastes, and Mitsuru… well, Mitsuru’s just kind of bossy, and a little uppity.”

Yukari knew that wasn’t the whole picture. It would be complicated to explain everything about the history between these two now anyway, and in the first place they were supposed to be prioritizing finding a way out.

“Anyway, are we just going to sit around gossiping, or are we going to go back to searching?”

“Oh right,” Rise remembered. As if to drive home the point, just then her bladder spasmed, further heightening the urgency of getting back to the cinema sooner rather than later. She shuffled in place, trying to disguise it as simply just shifting her weight.

“L-like I said, I just think it’s better if we look in our own rooms instead of snooping around each other, even if they’re just made by the movie.”

Yukari nodded, “I agree with Rise. Who knows what we’ll find? It’s better if we each search our own rooms.”

“Aw, you two are no fun,” Ann teased, but then nodded, “But yeah, it’d be awkward if we switched the rooms up and found something super personal or embarrassing for someone else.”

With that decided, the girls split off again to check their own rooms, each taking the one that best fit them.

As soon as Yukari was inside her room, she let out a quick sigh and openly grabbed herself, feeling her bladder pulse as she hopped from foot to foot.

“I gotta go worse than I thought. What if we don’t find anything and wind up getting stuck here for a while?”

The thought made her bladder spasm, and in the privacy of the room she was able to bend forwards as she knocked her knees together, keeping her hands pressed against her crotch. She managed to fight it off and relaxed slightly when the urge died down to a dull pressure, but Yukari knew there would be more where that came from.

In her own room, Rise was in a similar boat, busting into a full on pee dance as she gripped the bottom of her skirt. She had been in urgent situations before, when tight live show schedules and the abundance of water she’d have to drink to keep her vocal chords well-lubricated and her body hydrated with all the dancing caught up with her at the worst possible times. Because of that, she was pretty experienced with how well and how long she could hold it, and she knew things were getting bad.

Ann, meanwhile, was really regretting drinking as much soda from the concession stand as she did, squirming around and tugging at her tight outfit, reaching a hand down to grab herself. She let out a high-pitched groan as she tapped her foot on the ground impatiently, feeling her bladder trying to convince her body to give things up and let the pee flow.

Still, she couldn’t just sit there dancing back and forth all day. The sooner they found a way out of here, the sooner she could charge into the restrooms at the cinema and properly relieve herself. With that thought in mind, Ann headed over to the desk and started searching.

###

“Hey, sir,” Chie turned to one of the random civilians walking around, “Were you here when the incident occured?”

“A-aah!” he took a step back, bumping into someone behind him.

“Hey man, don’t sweat it, we just want to ask a few questions is all.”

If the man had been startled by Chie, he practically had a heart attack when he turned around to see Ryuji, skull mask and all, staring back at him.

“N-n-n-no! S-s-s-sorry officer, I didn’t see anything! I swear! I just got here after the incident!”

“And you’re sure you didn’t see anything or anyone suspicious?” Chie asked.

The trembling man turned back around, “N-n-no ma’am!”

“Hmmm… do you think he’s lying?” Ryuji asked.

Chie squinted at the man suspiciously, looking him over, but in the end, he really did just look like a regular, although completely terrified, business man.

“No, I don’t think so,” Chie shook her head, “Sorry sir, you can go.”

The man couldn’t have scurried off faster, holding his loose tie with one hand as he ran off. Chie let out a sigh.

“Man, this is getting us nowhere, no one seems to know anything about the bomb, let alone who planted it.”

“Yeah, investigating’s harder than I thought,” Ryuji slumped his shoulders, “I mean, we’ve had to do it a few times as the Phantom Thieves, but that’s usually been Joker or someone else figuring things out. I’m no good at this.”

“Yeah,” Chie sighed, “I mean, we’re doing our own investigation, but usually that involves weird stuff on the TV and the Midnight Channel. It’s way harder when you don’t even have a direction to go in.”

The two slumped against the cop car as they thought. They had made it to 3rd street, where they had been tasked to go investigate what happened. After questioning around, apparently a bomb had been planted, but no one seemed to have any description of who might’ve done it.

“Man, this usually isn’t how these kinds of movies go. Usually there’s like, some kind of big fight, or a shootout, or a chase scene,” Chie complained, “At least something where we can know who we’re trying to track down.”

“Do you think it’s because the movie was unfinished?” Ryuji asked, “Like, I dunno, maybe there aren’t even any culprits to track down.”

“Then how are we supposed to get out of this movie?” Chie asked.

“Don’t ask me! I dunno how this works!”

The two sighed again, and Chie shuffled in place. Actually, she was getting a bit worried. On the drive over, she realized she had to pee, and the urge had only grown as their investigation dragged on. She didn’t think Ryuji would mind if they stopped somewhere, but she felt a little embarrassed asking. She wasn’t as familiar or comfortable with him as she was with her own team, and it wasn’t like she couldn’t hold it.

Her original plan was just to wait until they followed through on the investigation, hoping that progressing the plot of the movie would give her a way out. Unfortunately, a combination of the difficulties they were facing finding anything out about the bombers, and her own growing need, was making her less and less confident that she could pull it off.

She squeezed her thighs together and looked around. Maybe there was a convenience store or something she could slip into under the guise of grabbing a snack.

“Hey,” a voice called before Chie could find anything, “You two askin’ around about the bombin’?”

A gruff man in a hat and a tan coat came up to them, and Ryuji nodded, “Yeah, that’s us. Did you see anything?”

“Nah, nothin’ much. But I know the shop that got blown up. The owner lives in an apartment two blocks from here,” the man held out a piece of paper with an address scribbled on it and handed it to them, “If someone was targettin’ him, you might want to go check that place out. But be careful, it can get a little dicy around there, especially for you fellas. They don’t take to kindly to the coppers.”

“Tell me about it,” Ryuji nodded, “Ah, but thanks for the info.”

The man nodded, tipping his hat as he slinked off.

“Hey, looks like we got our lead,” Ryuji grinned.

Chie was torn between being happy they had a new goal, and being frustrated that her plan at getting quick relief was dashed. Still, the sooner they followed the trail, hopefully the sooner they could find the exit.

Chie reached for the car door before Ryuji stopped her, “Oh no, not again. Sorry, but I’m drivin’!”

“What? But it’s my cop car?”

“The hell it is, this is just a movie! And you almost killed us driving here! At least I’ve driven the Mona car before!”

“The Mona-what?” Chie asked, shaking her head, “Fine, fine. Have your fun. But I call next dibs!”

“Eff that, next time I’m walking,” Ryuji slumped over at the thought of Chie behind the wheel again.

Without further argument, the two climbed into the car, with Chie shuffling as her bladder sent her another uncomfortable signal. She buckled up and rubbed her knees together before typing the address the man had given them into the computer. It gave them a route and Ryuji set off. Admittedly, he was a much smoother driver than Chie.

As they drove, Chie only felt her bladder keep getting more and more full, and she wound up crossing her legs and leaning back to try to get comfortable as they rode along. Unfortunately, since the apartment had only been a few blocks away, she didn’t get much chance to enjoy the reprieve of sitting down before Ryuji was parking the car and they were climbing back out.

Chie froze halfway through clambering out of the passenger’s side as her bladder gave a tight squeeze, urging her to let out all the liquid building up inside her. She clamped her thighs together and danced in place as she fought off the wave, but it was enough for Ryuji to notice she had paused.

“What’s the matter? You good?”

“Y-yeah,” Chie found herself blushing, still unwilling to admit she had to pee. It was an embarrassing situation, something she’d never thought she’d get herself into, “Let’s just get moving.”

The two made their way up to the apartment. Despite the shady man’s warning, there didn’t seem to be anyone around, unfriendly or not, so they were able to stroll right up to the apartment and knock on the door. As expected, there didn’t seem to be anyone home.

“Should we bust down the door?” Ryuji asked.

Chie frowned, “I’m pretty sure that’d be considered illegal, even for the police.”

“Eh, who cares? This is a movie,” Ryuji reminded her, “Besides, I’m not a cop, I’m a Phantom Thief! Breaking and entering’s kinda the whole deal.”

Chie wanted to point out that she doubted a thief would bust straight through the front door, but she also had to pee, and she didn’t want to delay this investigation any longer than they already had. “Fine, let’s go.”

Ryuji charged at the door and tried to break it down with his shoulder, but the door was surprisingly robust. He slammed against it a few more times before grunting, “Damnit, it won’t budge. Chie, help me out here?”

“You got it!” Chie raised her leg to kick the door, and she immediately felt her urge to pee practically double. With her leg in the air like that, her bladder was screaming at her to just let go. Chie grit her teeth and ignored it, slamming her foot into the door in time with Ryuji’s shoulder tackle.

It did the trick, but Chie felt herself let out a small leak as the recoil traveled up her leg and straight into her abdomen. She immediately planted her foot back on the floor and rubbed her thighs back and forth, trying to regain control. Luckily she managed, and she let out a soft sigh of relief. Still, she’d have to be more careful.

“Alright, we’re in!” Ryuji grinned, “Come on, let’s see if we can find anything suspicious!”

“R-right!” Chie nodded.

The two entered the apartment and began looking around, Chie grunting as she passed by an open bathroom. It was right there, but it’d be awkward to use as they were snooping around someone else’s home. Not to mention Ryuji would definitely notice. She could probably justify it since this wasn’t a real home, it was part of a movie, but Chie still figured the better option would be to find a way out first.

A preliminary scan of the apartment didn’t really turn up anything of note, but then again, it wouldn’t really be much of an investigation if the answers were just sitting out in the open. It left the two sitting there, stumped.

“What should we look for now?” Chie asked.

“I dunno, like..” Ryuji paused, scratching his head, “Something suspicious. Like drugs, or a gun, or something?”

“You really think we’d find something like that here?” Chie gasped.

“I mean, someone tried to blow the guy up with a bomb,” Ryuji replied, “He had to have been doing something shady.”

“Good point,” Chie nodded.

She looked around, trying not to make her squirming obvious as she shifted from foot to foot. The urge to pee flared up again and she wound up clenching her teeth as she crossed her legs. Her eyes moved back over to the bathroom, feeling it tempt her. Maybe she could play off using it as part of her search.

“Hey, I think I’m gonna check the-”

“Hey wait!” Ryuji cut her off excitedly, heading over to the open bedroom, “This dude left his laptop wide open! Maybe we can find something here!”

Ryuji rushed over and Chie found herself following him, leaving the bathroom behind as she watched him look over the laptop.

“You really think he would’ve just left his laptop open like this if there was really something on it?” Chie asked.

“I dunno,” Ryuji shrugged, “But it’s gotta be worth a check right?”

“I really don’t think-”

“What the hell?” Ryuji gasped.

He had opened the guy’s email and found a bunch of threatening messages. Threats about not keeping them waiting on some kind of leaked file. They became more and more irate and irrational, until the last one, which simply stated: “TOMORROW. 9:40 AM. DELIVER THE FILES OR DIE.”

“Yikes,” Chie read, “Wait, isn’t that when the bomb went off?”

“Really? What time is it anyway? I didn’t check,” Ryuji pulled out his phone, but he sighed, “Oh right, my phone isn’t gonna sync with the time in the movie…”

“Well, whatever, this is probably a lead,” Chie decided, wanting to hurry things along, “Here, let’s see who sent this…”

Chie squirmed as she leaned over to read the screen better, her legs sliding past each other as she rubbed them together. Trying to ignore her pulsing bladder, Chie looked over the email, getting a name from the email and what looked to be a company name from the header and logo.

“So, Harold Marner, from some company called CV-Tech,” Chie scribbled down on a notepad, “That sounds like a lead to me! Maybe we can plug these names into the laptop in our car and search them up in a police database or something!”

“Sounds good! Let’s get out of here before someone comes back,” Ryuji urged.

“Wait, shouldn’t we look around more?” Chie asked, secretly still hoping to use the bathroom before they left.

“What for? This should be good. It’s a movie, they ain’t gonna make this hard to follow,” Ryuji pointed out, “‘sides, if we need to, we can always come back up if the names don’t go anywhere!”

Ryuji had a point, and in the first place, Chie wouldn’t know where to start looking even if they did stay. Still, Chie let out a frustrated sigh as she followed Ryuji past the open bathroom door and back out into the hallway.

I’ll be fine. The further along the investigation we go, the closer we’re getting to the exit. I hope!

As soon as she and Ryuji made it down to the cop car, she quickly slipped back into the passenger’s seat, squirming around and allowing herself to at least enjoy sitting down for a moment. It gave her a little bit of relief.

Ryuji sat in the driver’s seat and looked over as Chie entered the information into the computer. It came up with the picture of a blond-haired man in a business suit, as well as information on his company.

“Hey, there’s an address here to his company’s warehouse! Apparently people have been reporting suspicious activity going on there!” Chie conveyed, pointing out the address to Ryuji.

“Alright then! Let’s go!”

Ryuji turned the car on, and Chie braced herself for the car ride ahead. She just hoped she could make it through to the end, or at least find somewhere to go along the way.

###

Makoto let out an exhausted, relieved sigh as she finally brought the jeep to a stop, parking it and climbing out carefully. She was definitely desperate at this point, and as soon as she was able, she crossed her legs together tightly and looked around, inspecting the runes around them.

On the other side of the car, Yukiko was rubbing her knees together, hesitant to get up from her seat. She could feel her swollen bladder bulging out against the waistband of her uniform’s skirt. She shuffled in place and carefully stood up, feeling a strong spasm as she grit her teeth.

Fuuka also got out, a little too quickly for her full bladder. She could feel all the pent up pee practically sloshing inside of her, and she was forced to freeze stark upright as she bobbed and squeezed her thighs together.

Yukiko came around the jeep quickly, urgency in her voice, “Okay we’re here. Now what?”

Makoto looked over at Fuuka, “Can you detect anything like an exit?”

Fuuka raised her evoker and once again summoned Lucia, though this time the strain of it caused her to let out a slight leak, and she gasped. She shifted her weight from foot to foot as she tried to focus, hoping to find an exit nearby. Unfortunately, though, she sensed nothing.

“Sorry, there’s nothing here… wait! Makoto, behind you!”

Makoto whirled around to see a shadow scrambling her way. Makoto wasn’t exactly eager for a fight with her bladder so full, but at the very least the shadow looked weak.

“Come, Johanna!”

Makoto summoned Johanna, who materialized beneath her. Of course, the wide rider’s stance Makoto had to take did her no favors, and a strong wave of pressure pulsed through her abdomen.

Makoto winced and powered through, sending a quick Freila at her opponent. The blue blast sent the shadow tumbling backwards, and it dissolved away quickly. As soon as Makoto confirmed it was dead, she quickly dispelled Johanna and practically slammed her thighs together as soon as she was able, trying not to be obvious with her squirming as she fought against the wave.

“There aren’t any other shadows around,” Fuuka declared.

“That’s good, but that also means we still don’t know where to go from here,” Yukiko pointed out.

Makoto scanned around, taking in the surroundings of the ruins. It looked like it used to be some kind of building, with broken down walls and pillars that had long since crumbled. A layer of sand covered everything, but peeking through were the telltale signs of what used to be pathways and a brick floor. Makoto then noticed that off to one side there was a gap in the brick pattern. Heading over to get a better look, she came face to face with a staircase in the floor that led down to a large stone doorway.

“I think we have to go in here,” she called out, getting the attention of the other two.

Fuuka and Yukiko shuffled over to her and looked warily down at the doorway, looking nervous.

“I guess we did say we had to find the tomb,” Yukiko frowned, “But still…”

“I’m not sensing any enemies up ahead, so it should be safe,” Fuuka reported, “But do you really think there’s gonna be an exit somewhere in there?”

“I honestly don’t know,” Makoto admitted, “But seeing as we haven’t found another way out otherwise, I think that if there was going to be an exit, it would be where the movie’s pointing us. At least that’s what my intuition tells me.”

“I suppose you’re right,” Yukiko nodded, “It’s pretty dark, though.”

“I think I saw some flashlights back in the jeep,” Fuuka called out. She rushed off to grab them. As soon as she was out of sight of the other girls, she jammed a hand between her legs, shuffling desperately. She really hoped Makoto was right about finding some kind of exit, because she didn’t think she could hold it for much longer if they came up empty.

After returning with the flashlights, she passed one out to each of them, keeping one for herself. Yukiko and Makoto hesitated, with Makoto looking back out over the ruins. There probably wouldn’t be a place to pee in the tomb itself, so if they really wanted to pee now, this might be their last chance. There were places around the ruins they could tuck behind, though they’d still be pretty exposed.

In the end, though, all three of them decided to try to hold out a little longer, at least until they checked the tomb. If there was a way back to the cinema, they’d just be able to pee in the restrooms there normally. If there wasn’t, they could then think about alternative options if it was an emergency. Either way, none of them really liked the idea of just peeing outside if they could help it.

“Stay behind me, there might be traps,” Makoto urged, leading the way. She turned on her flashlight and shone the beam into the dark entranceway to the tomb. There was a long hallway leading into what seemed like a larger room in front of them.

“Oh, you really do sound like an adventurer,” Yukiko teased.

“Well, I am a Phantom Thief, after all. And we have raided a tomb before.”

“Really,” Fuuka asked, both curious and amazed.

“Well, it wasn’t a real tomb, and it’s kind of a complicated story,” Makoto clarified, “But one of the Palaces we had to explore was a pyramid.”

“That sounds amazing!” Yukiko gushed, “I’ve never seen a pyramid before. Then again, you said it wasn’t real.”

“I guess neither is this, though, huh?” Fuuka mused.

“No, this is just a movie version of a tomb.”

As the girls got to the end of the hall, they noticed the path branched off in two directions before them.

“Which way do we go?” Yukiko asked.

Fuuka shook her head, “I wish I knew, but since there aren’t any shadows or weird signatures to lock onto, I can’t tell which way is the right way.”

“Splitting up might be dangerous too, especially since one person would be on their own,” Makoto noted.

They all paused, shuffling in place as they tried to decide which way to turn. Yukiko felt her full bladder hit her with a strong pulse of desperation, and she buckled, bending forwards slightly as she did so. Her squirming did not go unnoticed by the other two, who looked over.

“Hey, Yukiko, do you have to go to the bathroom?” Makoto asked.

“W-what? No, no no no, not at all, I’m just… still tired from that hot car drive here!” Yukiko tried.

Yukiko tried to stop her urgent squirming, which lasted for about three seconds before she had to start shuffling around again. It was wholly a wholly unconvincing act, and Makoto and Fuuka saw straight through it.

“Actually, I have to go to the bathroom too,” Makoto admitted, blushing slightly, “I’m really hoping I’m right about there being a way out in this tomb.”

“I… I also,” Fuuka tried to speak up, blushing softly as she danced in place, “I need to go too. We should just pick a direction and keep moving.”

“Right,” Yukiko agreed urgently. She picked left, taking a few steps. Suddenly however, something glinted in the shadows in front of them, reflecting her flashlight as it fired towards them.

Makoto barely had time to pull Yukiko out of the way before a barbed arrow shot past her and flew until it fell to the ground behind them with a clatter. The sudden movement had been too much on Yukiko’s bladder, and she felt herself let out a small dribble. She froze and bounced up and down desperately, fighting off any more leaks.

“That was too close,” Yukiko sighed, meaning in more ways than one, “I guess you were right about the traps, huh?”

“Yeah,” Makoto frowned, “But I think we should keep going that way. After all, if there are traps, there’s something someone was trying to defend.”

The three continued inwards, walking carefully to avoid setting off any more traps. Fuuka found herself fiddling with the hem of her dress as she squeezed her thighs past each other with each step, biting at her lip. The sweat beading up on her forehead was no longer just from the heat, but now also because of the efforts of holding back the flood.

Makoto was also reaching her limits. She kept tugging at her tight Phantom Thief outfit, wondering why her rebellious spirit had to choose such a skintight suit. She usually didn’t let it bother her, though naturally she was a little self-conscious, but right now it was squeezing on her bladder and making it that much harder to hold it.

Yukiko was barely resisting the urge to hold herself. She already had to pee badly enough, but now she could feel the small leak she had let escape rubbing against her crotch. It was an annoying sensation, and it only made her urge to pee even greater.

The group turned down another hall, and then found a rather large staircase. It was wider than the other paths had been, and Makoto immediately got a bad feeling about it.

“Hey, you two, let’s be extra careful, I think-”

As Makoto said that, however, she felt her own foot sink into something. Actually, the stair beneath her had sunken in, triggering some kind of mechanism. The sound of stones grinding together, along with loud metal clicks, filled the room, and then the whole room shook with a strong thud.

“Uh guys!?” Fuuka gasped.

A giant boulder had fallen from somewhere just behind them, and was teetering on the ledge of the wall, tipping forwards towards them. They all immediately realized what was about to happen and booked it down the stairs.

As if the car ride hadn’t been bad enough, all three of them felt their bladders scream as they rushed down, each stair hitting them hard as they ran for their lives. Makoto felt herself dribble a few times, and really thought she was going to lose control right then and there. Of course, that was preferable to getting squashed by a giant boulder, but she still wanted to stay dry if she could.

“I can’t believe this!” Yukiko yelled out in a panic. She was running on pure adrenaline, but that didn’t stop her bladder from feeling like a swollen water balloon as it bounced up and down in her abdomen. Yukiko couldn’t help but let out another leak, and it took all of the willpower she had to avoid wetting herself right then and there.

Fuuka was in a similar boat. Since she usually didn’t travel into Tartarus with the others, and just stuck to the base floor to provide support, she wasn’t very used to running. She wound up trailing behind the others, worried she might actually get run over by the rolling trap. She forced herself into an even faster sprint, her bladder screaming in protest, but she ignored it as she powered through.

Finally, the girls all saw the end of the stairway up ahead, and with it a stone wall with a doorway. As long as they could make it there, they should be safe from the boulder. They all made the last frantic sprint and made it past the door mere seconds before the boulder came slamming into it, cracking the wall. Thankfully though, it held steady, and the three were safe.

“Oh my god,” Yukiko gasped, “I thought I was gonna die.”

“That was terrifying,” Fuuka gasped.

Seeing as she’d seen traps like these before in Futaba’s Palace, Makoto was decidedly more calm, at least about the boulder. However, that didn’t stop her from desperately dancing in place as she whimpered, stepping from foot to foot and grabbing herself openly. It was the only hope she had of getting her overtaxed bladder muscles back under control.

“I really thought I was gonna pee myself,” She admitted.

“Same,” Yukiko admitted. She was doubled over, rubbing her abdomen with one hand and clenching her fist tightly with the other as she wriggled her hips frantically, “Fuuka, how are you holding up?”

Fuuka didn’t reply at first, merely blushing as she practically collapsed to the ground in a crouch. She buried her heel into her crotch, putting pressure on her pee hole as she squirmed, letting out a desperate groan. Finally, she looked up and gasped out, “I can’t hold it anymore.”

“Hang in there,” Yukiko cheered her on.

As soon as she had regained a slight semblance of composure, Makoto looked around. They were in a large room painted from wall to ceiling with murals and hieroglyphics, and in the very center was a large, square stone slab, atop of which sat a heavy lid.

“This must be the center of the tomb,” Makoto noted, “But I don’t see anything that looks like a way out.”

“Maybe it’s in the casket?” Yukiko suggested, “Should we check?”

The lid looked heavy, but if all three of them worked together, they should be able to lift it. Of course, with their full bladders, the attempt put a lot of strain on the already desperate group. By the end, they had barely moved the lid ajar enough to peer in and see that the tomb was empty.

“Nothing?” Fuuka panicked, swaying in place desperately as she finally gave in and grabbed herself.

“Doesn’t look like it,” Yukiko shook her head.

“And we can’t go back the other way, either,” Makoto pointed back towards the room’s only entrance, which was now sealed by the large boulder that had nearly crushed them all like pancakes.

“Oh no,” Yukiko gasped, “What do we do?”

“I… I honestly don’t know,” Makoto began to panic. She had been so sure that there’d be an exit or some key to get back at the end, but here the tomb was, and there was nothing there.

Suddenly, she felt her bladder spasm, and she doubled over, grabbing herself with both hands as she bounced up and down, scissoring her legs back and forth.

“I don’t know how much longer I can hold it,” Makoto declared.

The three looked around, racking their brains for any way out of this mess. However, before they could think of something, Fuuka gasped, she hobbled over to the corner of the room before scrambling for her skirt.

“I’m sorry, you two, but I’m about to wet myself!”

The who barely had time to react before Fuuka hiked her skirt up, tore down her panties, and squatted down, unleashing a loud, hissing torrent of pee onto the floor of the tomb. She lowered her head as she turned as red as a tomato, squeezing her eyes shut.

The sound of Fuuka’s stream hitting the floor made Yukiko wince, and Makoto let out a whimper as she turned away, trying not to think about the sound or how good peeing must’ve felt.

Fuuka let out a long gasp as she panted, letting her full bladder finally drain as she relaxed all her muscles. Her legs felt weak and she had to brace herself against the wall of the tomb as she continued peeing, her full force stream quickly forming a puddle underneath her. Slowly, the pulsing pressure in her abdomen slowly subsided, giving way to blissful relief. If Fuuka wasn’t so acutely aware the others were watching her, she’d likely have let out a moan of relief.

Just as Fuuka finally started becoming self-conscious over how long she had been peeing, her trail tapered off and came to a stop, leaving her squatting there for a few moments in a daze. A few seconds later, though, she quickly stood up, blushing furiously as she pulled her panties up and smoothed down her skirt, unable to meet the other two’s gaze.

“S-s-sorry, but I really couldn’t…”

“It’s fine, we don’t have much of a choice,” Makoto pointed out.

Before she could offer Fuuka any more comfort, however, Makoto’s bladder hit her with another powerful wave, and Makoto gasped, burying both hands between her legs as she bobbed up and down frantically, “A-actually, I think I should also-AH!”

Makoto felt her bladder muscles give out for a brief moment, letting out a spurt into her tight outfit. She gasped and quickly began hobbling over to another corner, intent on following Fuuka’s example. As soon as she was there, Makoto started scrambling for her outfit. There weren’t any second parts or hidden zippers to help her out, her outfit really was a skintight bodysuit underneath the scarf and spikes.

Whimpering and struggling as she tried to take off the outfit, Makoto got about halfway, turning away from the other girls and exposing her upper body. Just then, however, Makoto felt herself let out another long leak, this one definitely soaking and starting to run down her legs inside the suit. She clamped her thighs together and scrambled to get the rest off before it was too late, but she barely managed to work the suit off any further before she let out another leak, and then another.

“No, no no! Wait!” Makoto gasped, begging her body to hold on. But it wouldn’t listen.

In the next moment, Makoto’s overworked bladder gave out, and she felt pee gush out of her and into the bottom half of the phantom thief outfit. She froze, still uselessly trying to get it back under control, but now that the stream had started full-force, there was absolutely no stopping it.

Makoto slumped her shoulders in defeat and simply relaxed fully, letting the wetting that already started continue unrestrained. She could hear her pee hissing loudly as it soaked into the crotch of her suit and ran down her legs, flooding her boots as anything that soaked through pooled on the ground beneath her.

Makoto hung her head back, letting out a sigh, half in relief and half in defeat, as she continued to wet herself. She had been so close to at least staying dry, but her Phantom Thief attire had really been the nail in the coffin.

By the time she had fully emptied herself out, both Fuuka and Yukiko had turned away out of respect, especially since Makoto had to undress further than Fuuka did. After she had finished and pulled her suit back on, she stepped back towards the center of the room, shaking her legs awkwardly as they dripped.

“S-sorry, Makoto,” Fuuka apologized, turning back around now that she was decent.

Makoto blushed, “I really can’t believe I wet myself. I was so close to at least getting this stupid thing off, too.”

“Say, Yukiko, are you also going to go?” Fuuka asked.

When her question didn’t get a response, both Fuuka and Makoto looked over at Yukiko, who was standing mostly still, looking almost frozen if it wasn’t for the shaking of her legs. She was still turned away from them, and she made no attempts to respond, or even turn back around.

In truth, Yukiko was past her limits, and it was taking all her concentration just to hold it in. She could hear Fuuka and Makoto ask her something in concern, but she could barely even focus on their voices. All she could think about was how badly she needed to pee.

Yukiko really didn’t want to go out in the open, but she really couldn’t hold it any longer. She made an attempt to take a step towards the corner of the room, to do what Fuuka and Makoto had done and at least go off to the side, but the second she lifted her leg even a little, she felt a long, hot spurt escape into her panties.

“Ah!” Yukiko finally gasped.

“Yukiko, are you alright?” Fuuka asked.

“I… I can’t move, I’m going to…”

Before Yukiko could even finish, the floodgates burst open. A powerful stream of pee gushed out of her, quickly soaking into her panties and falling between her legs like a waterfall. All too late Yukiko had the presence of mind to try to raise up her skirt, but the front and back were already stained as the absolute torrent flowed out of her.

Her swollen bladder pulsed as it pushed the pent up fluid inside her out, streaming down her legs and pattering loudly onto the floor. Yukiko gasped and looked down, watching as she wet herself. A bright red creeped up on her face, and she closed her eyes in shame, as though that would make everything better. Still, even though she wanted everything to be over, she was still peeing, and the whole room was filled with the sound of her pee and an awkward silence.

Finally, she finished, and dropped her skirt in defeat. Holding it up had barely spared it. Her panties underneath were soaked too, and she squirmed around in discomfort.

“Oh no, I can’t believe it…” Yukiko gasped, burying her face in her hands.

“It’s okay, I guess we were all at our limits,” Makoto placed a comforting hand on her shoulder, “We probably should’ve gone outside, huh?”

“Yeah,” Fuuka nodded, “Even if there had been a way back to the cinema, I’m not sure we would’ve made it. I was really at my limit.”

That made Yukiko feel a little better, but only slightly. Still, it was enough for her to remove her hands from her face, “I was too. I can’t believe I even held it this long.”

“It didn’t help that we had to drink all that water,” Makoto sighed, “Oh, speaking of, I’m glad I brought my canteen. We’re underground, but it’s still hot in here.”

She took a swig, free to take greedier gulps now that her bladder was empty.

“Hey, can I get some of that, now that I can drink without worrying about it going straight to my bladder,” Yukiko asked.

“Sure.”

Makoto passed around the canteen, and after they all took a drink, Fuuka voiced her fears.

“Okay, but even though we don’t have to pee anymore, we’re still trapped here, aren’t we.”

“Oh no, you’re right!”

The three looked around nervously, unsure of what to do now.

“I guess we have to wait until someone rescues us, I don’t know if there’s another way out of this tomb,” Yukiko sighed.

“I hate to say it, but I think you’re right,” Makoto sighed, “Unless… Fuuka? Can you sense anything now?”

Fuuka summoned Lucia again and scanned, but just like the first two times, she came up empty.

“No, sorry.”

“Then we really have no choice but to wait. Well, at least it’ll give this a chance to dry off,” Makoto motioned to her wet outfit, “It’d be embarrassing to head back to the cinema now, even if we could find the exit.”

###

Ann squirmed around as she shuffled her hands through the contents of the desk drawer. She had checked the closet, but naturally all she found in there was clothes. The desk was covered with magazines and makeup, all stuff she’d own, but there wasn’t really anything interesting there. She even tried putting her hand through the mirror, wondering if it counted enough like a screen, but to no avail.

Now she was sitting in the desk chair, rotating back and forth restlessly as she bounced her knee up and down. She had to go far worse than before, and it wasn’t like her bladder was getting any less full.

“Ugh, please be something, please be something,” Ann sang to herself urgently, searching through each item in the desk as she rubbed her legs together. So far though, it was all a bunch of trinkets and junk. Things she’d see herself shoving in a drawer out of sight and holding onto, but nothing that looked like it could get them out of here.

“What would I even be looking for? A movie ticket? Some kind of old film?”

Suddenly, something caught Ann’s eye, and she quickly dug to the bottom of the drawer to grab it. It was a bracelet with a red half heart-shaped charm on it. The engraving on the back read “Shiho Suzui”.

“What is this?” Ann asked, “It’s like one of those matching bracelets you see friends or couples getting. But me and Shiho never got something like this…”

Ann studied it, wondering if there was any special meaning behind it. She also rummaged through the rest of the drawer to find the matching other half, but she couldn’t find it.

“I guess it would be silly for me to have both halves, huh,” Ann laughed to herself.

She immediately regretted it, the giggles vibrating her bladder and nearly loosening her clamped-up muscles. Ann tensed up and fought off the urge that rose up, and let out a strained sigh.

“Okay, laughing’s a bad idea!”

She looked back down at the bracelet, “Anyway, maybe we should get something like this together in real life? I might ask her next time I visit her!”

After putting the bracelet back, Ann searched through the rest of the drawer. As she did, she thought she caught some kind of movement in the back of her eye. It looked like some kind of dark figure dropping from the ceiling. However, when she turned to look, she didn’t see anything.

Shrugging, Ann finished up with the drawer, leaving only one other place to look. Under the bed. Ann didn’t expect to find anything there, but she didn’t want to pass up an opportunity to find the exit just because she was lazy, especially if it meant she could go to the bathroom right after.

“Bending down’s gonna be fun,” Ann groaned. She steeled her bladder, gritting her teeth as bending over put pressure on her bladder, and then leaned forwards, placing her hands on the ground in front of her and lowering her head to peak under the bed.

In the other room, Rise was dancing from place to place as she rummaged through a box she found on the top shelf of the closet. She hadn’t found anything of note so far, but admittedly she was very distracted. By this point, Rise really had to pee, and she was just grateful she wasn’t in the room with the others so she could openly hop around and hold herself.

Her legs pressed together restlessly as she side-stepped from foot to foot, bobbing up and down as she tried not to think about the sensation of her bladder bulging out against her waistband. She tapped her foot and finished sorting through the box. Still nothing.

This is getting bad. I’m definitely reaching my limit here.

Rise let out a whine as she gripped the hem of her skirt, trying and failing to sit still as she moved on to the last place she had to search. As she reached up, however, her bladder spasmed, and a powerful wave of desperation washed over her. Rise found herself dancing in place frantically, squeezing her eyes shut as she focused on holding it.

She finally reached up and grabbed a small box that looked hidden and tucked away in the closet. As she opened it, she was immediately met with the sight of piles upon piles of photos of Yu. Rise picked them up and her face turned bright red. They weren’t just photos of Yu, they were Yu in various states of undress. Wearing his uniform without the jacket, wearing the jacket without his shirt, shirtless, wearing swim trunks, wearing boxers, and finally-

“T-t-t-that’s enough!” Rise slammed the box closed, totally red-faced, “They’re not real, they’re not real, they’re not real! This is a movie, everything’s made up!”

As Rise placed the box back up on the shelf and turned away. A part of her was tempted to take another look. Rise reached her hand back towards the box, before shaking her head furiously, cheeks lighting up like a christmas tree.

“No! You’re better than that, Rise…”

It sounded more like she was trying to convince herself.

Across the hall, Yukari was searching through her “own” room, though she was having the same luck as everyone else turning up anything that might be the key to return to the cinema. Instead, all her search had been doing was making it harder to hold it, with all the crouching under beds and sorting through boxes on the floor of the closet.

Yukari shuffled desperately as she kneeled on the floor, wriggling back and forth and occasionally slipping her hand down to hold herself. She rubbed her swollen bladder through her clothes, feeling it starting to bulge outwards. She tried to recall the last time she went to the bathroom. It had certainly been a while. It didn’t help that the refreshments stand back in the cinema had some of her favorite drinks.

Yukari bit her lip as she felt her bladder pulse angrily at her, protesting her continued refusal to relieve herself. It wasn’t like she didn’t want to, that was why she was searching. She desperately wanted to make it back so she could use a bathroom. At the very least, she wanted to use a bathroom that didn’t possibly have a corpse in it.

Rubbing her knees together restlessly, Yukari fought back the wave and returned to her search. There really wasn’t anything of note in any of the boxes, and all that was left was under the bed. Yukari hesitated a moment before bracing herself, but sure enough, the position leaning over to peek into the narrow space under the bed put a lot of undue pressure on Yukari’s already full bladder. She felt another spike in pressure, and she was forced to reach back to grab herself, pressing her fingers against her crotch tightly with one hand as she rummaged around under the bed with the other.

Suddenly, her fingers brushed against something flat and thin, like a piece of paper. Yukari pulled it out from under the bed. It was a piece of loose notebook paper, with something scribbled on the lines. Yukari began reading it silently.

My dearest leader. The one I put my faith in.

You are the light in the Dark Hour

You are the one I turn to for support

Your midnight hair and blue eyes shine like stars to me

Yukari rolled her eyes.

What is this supposed to be, some cheesy love poem? Why is this even here?

She was about to crumple it up and toss it to the side when she noticed the name signing the bottom. It was her own name, written like her own signature. Yukari’s heart skipped a beat. Her eyes quickly scanned over the poem again and she immediately realized who it was supposedly for.

Yukari’s face lit up bright red, and she crumpled the piece of paper up and tossed it back under the bed. She stood back up, trying to get the poem out of her mind, or what it was supposed to mean, considering this was supposed to be her room.

“Whatever, I need to focus on something else,” Yukari crossed her arms, face still rosy.

It wasn’t hard, because in the next moment, her bladder was sending out another desperate signal through her body, and Yukari found herself dancing in place as she gripped at the hem of her skirt.

“I hope one of the others found something,” she sighed, still shifting her weight from foot to foot.

Just as she was exiting her own bedroom, she heard a loud scream coming from somewhere else in the cabin. It sounded like Ann. Rise rushed out too, eyes wide, “What was that?”

“I don’t know!” Yukari exclaimed.

The two charged into Ann’s room, only to see her standing face to face with a shadow. Rise immediately summoned Himeno, scanning it, “Don’t worry, this one’s weak.”

“Yeah, it just snuck up on me,” Ann replied.

It had actually nearly scared the piss out of her, quite literally. Ann was hunched over, her thighs squeezing together as she glared down the shadow. Rise said it was weak, so Ann could use her whip, but she really didn’t want to move much right now.

“Come, Carmen!”

Ann summoned her persona and sent a blast of Agilao straight towards her foe. It struck it square-on, but the shadow managed to cling on, though it was clear it was on its last legs.

Ann moved to follow up, but the shadow got an attack in, knocking her to the floor. As if scaring her earlier hadn’t been enough, the move nearly caused Ann to lose it right there. She clamped her thighs together and doubled over, losing concentration as Carmen disappeared.

“I’ll finish it off!” Yukari yelled. She quickly drew her bow and fired an arrow directly at the shadow, piercing it and causing it to dissolve away. Once the adrenaline wore off, though, Yukari was left holding her thighs with her hands as she bounced up and down.

“Ann, are you okay?” Rise asked.

Ann straightened herself up as best as she could, but she still hopped from foot to foot, “Y-yeah, I’m fine. Thanks, you too.”

“You don’t look fine,” Yukari pointed out.

Ann blushed, “W-well, to tell you the truth, I kinda… maybe… really need to go to the bathroom.”

“Ah, that explains it,” Yukari nodded.

“A-actually, I do too,” Rise admitted, “I wasn’t going to be able to hide it anymore anyway. I can barely sit still.”

“What about you, Yukari?” Ann asked.

Yukari looked away, not wanting to admit how desperate she really was. She tried to maintain her composure as she crossed her arms. “I do have to go a bit, I guess.”

“Did anyone find any way out?” Rise asked frantically, feet tapping as she shuffled in place.

“No, sorry,” Ann frowned.

“Me neither,” Yukari admitted, “I think we may actually be stuck here.”

“Oh no!” Rise gasped, “W-what are we going to do?”

“Maybe someone will come rescue us? Though I guess everyone else also got sucked into movies too, huh?” Ann asked.

“Maybe there’s something out in the woods?” Yukari suggested.

“I already scanned out there, I really can’t sense anything. Definitely not anything like an exit.”

Ann bobbed up and down desperately, “This is bad, I don’t think I can hold it much longer.”

“Me neither,” Rise admitted.

Ann scanned and looked out the cabin windows at the treeline outside. Suddenly, an idea hit her.

“I’m going to go in the forest,” Ann declared.

“Really? Out there?” Rise gasped, “But it’s so creepy!”

“I don’t care, I’m really at my limit here!”

Before the others could protest, Ann charged outside, hobbling quickly for the treeline as she reached for her outfit. Unlike Makoto’s outfit, Ann’s had been blessed with a convenient zipper for these very occasions. She reached down and unzipped her outfit, past her cleavage and all the way down to her crotch, relying on the rest of the skin tight fabric to cling and stick to avoid exposing herself. As soon as she tucked herself behind the trees, she spread her legs and arched her hips forwards before letting loose in a standing position. Ann immediately threw her head back and gasped loudly as a torrential stream practically exploded out of her.

“AAAHHHHH~! That was too close,” Ann gasped, holding her outfit up with one hand while spreading herself and adjusting her aim with the other. It splashed and sprayed onto the tree before running down and pooling on the ground between her feet.

She panted as she slowly felt all the pressure inside of her subside, giving way to blissful relief. She was pretty sure she couldn’t be seen from the cabin at this point, but right now she hardly cared. All she wanted was to let out the pent up flood she had been holding back for so long.

Back in the cabin, Rise blushed as she shuffled around. She couldn’t see Ann, but the very thought of relief was almost too much for her swollen bladder. Rise felt herself let out a small leak, and she reached down, scrambling to grab herself before she let out any more.

Rise waited with baited breath for the wave to pass, but instead it only grew more intense. Despite her best efforts, Rise felt another dribble escape into her panties, and she realized she was out of time.

“I’m sorry!” Rise gasped out, hobbling over to the cabin’s kitchen sink. She hoisted a leg up onto the counter and positioned herself over the basin. She reached down to pull her skirt up out of the way with one hand as the other reached for her panties, but before she could pull them out of the way fully, she lost control.

Rise’s powerful stream hissed as it soaked completely through her panties and pattered loudly against the bottom of the sink as she let loose.The sight nearly made Yukari wet herself right then and there, and it took all of her willpower to turn away and clamp her legs together without leaking.

Rise let out a breathy sigh as she finally peed, watching her stream as it splashed and pooled at the bottom of the sink before flowing down the drain. Rise’s face lit up like a tomato, and the feeling of her wet panties reminded her that she hadn’t totally made it, but Rise was just happy the intense pressure in her abdomen was finally subsiding, slowly being replaced by the dull tingling of relief.

Outside, Ann’s stream was still going strong, and Ann blushed as she wondered just how long she was going to pee for. Her bladder ached dully even as she was emptying it out, a testament to how badly she had needed to go just moments prior.

Even after Ann’s stream tapered off, she was left standing there in a daze, half astonished at what she just did, and half just happy she made it. After she snapped out of it, she zipped her outfit back up and headed back to the cabin.

Rise was just finishing up as Ann returned, bracing herself against the sink, knees weak as she let the last contents of her once overflowing bladder to drain out of her. She sat there for a few moments, catching her breath and basking in the relief.

“Ahem,” Yukari cleared her throat, snapping Rise back to reality. Her face lit up once again and she quickly dismounted from the countertop, fixing her skirt and trying to ignore the sensation of her wet panties against her crotch.

“S-sorry,” Rise gasped, “But I wasn’t going to make it outside.”

“No worries, I barely made it myself,” Ann admitted.

“Well, I’m glad you two finally got your relief, “Yukari pointed out dryly.

“You should go too. It’s not like anyone’s going to see you in the woods,” Ann suggested.

“Or you could use the sink. The woods are pretty creepy.”

Yukari crossed her arms, “N-no, that’s fine, I’ll be okay. I don’t really want to pee out in the open like that.”

“We can leave, if you really want to use the sink,” Ann offered.

“I said I’ll be fine,” Yukari snapped.

Despite her words, she was absolutely bursting, and she really didn’t know if she could hold it for much longer. Still, she definitely didn’t want to resort to the woods or the sink.

“Really, though, we don’t have anywhere else to look,” Rise pointed out, “So we don’t have much of a choice but to wait here until someone rescues us.”

“Can anyone even reach us here?” Ann asked.

“I dunno, but I certainly hope so, I don’t want to be stuck here forever.”

“Of course there has to be a way out!” Yukari replied, “We just need to… I mean, maybe we can…”

Yukari was trying to come up with a plan, but it really wasn’t any use. She really couldn’t think of anything else. It also didn’t help that she was absolutely desperate to pee. She found herself bobbing up and down restlessly. She had been trying to maintain her composure earlier, but now it was all she could do to keep from flooding her skirt and the floor right then and there.

“A-ah!”

Yukari was suddenly hit with a powerful wave, and she practically doubled over, jamming both hands between her legs. She shuffled and scissored her legs back and forth uselessly, trying to fight off the overwhelming pressure from her bladder.

She failed, letting out a small spurt. Yukari clamped down even harder with her fingers, but after letting out another few dribbles, she knew she was going to lose it.

“A-ah, fine, the woods! I’ll go in the- AH!”

Yukari started hobbling towards the door, but it was useless. She had stubbornly held out for too long. Yukari felt a longer, hot spurt of pee soak and saturated her panties before dripping down onto the floor below. She blushed, gritting her teeth as she still tried to hold out, at least until she got to the door. The sink was behind her, and technically closer, but it didn’t matter anyway. The next step Yukari took was the last straw, and her overtaxed bladder finally gave out.

Yukari groaned as a loud hiss filled the room, and a flood streamed down from between her legs. It splashed and pattered onto the cabin floor, quickly forming a puddle that spread out as Yukari’s knees grew weak.

She collapsed into her own puddle, sitting with her legs to either side a she continued to pee uncontrollably. She sat there in a stunned daze, watching her own accident as pee continued to stream out of her, soaking her skirt and totally flooding the floor around her. It soaked into he socks and shoes, and Yukari barely had the presence of mind to make sure her Evoker and other SEES equipment was up and out away from the flood.

The relief hit her, but over it hung an overwhelming feeling of shame and embarrassment. Part of her knew it was her own fault. The others had even encouraged her to simply go and do what they did, and if she hadn’t been so intent on trying to hold out until the last minute she could’ve made it.

By the time Yukari was done wetting herself, she was left kneeling on the floor in her own puddle, tears stinging at her eyes as she hung her head in shame.

“Hey, Yukari, it’s okay,” Ann tried.

“What do you mean it’s okay? Of course it’s not okay! I’m in high school and I wet myself!” Yukari snapped as she turned around. Her expression immediately softened when she saw Ann and Rise’s alarmed looks, “S-sorry, I just-”

“I get it, it’s embarrassing, right?” Ann asked, “Hey, it’s alright, though. We didn’t have access to a proper bathroom. It’s not your fault you didn’t want to use the woods, or the sink.”

“Well, if I had, I wouldn’t be sitting in a puddle of my own piss,” Yukari pointed out, “But thanks anyway.”

“Hey, let’s help you get cleaned up. We’re at a cabin. And while we can’t use the bathroom, there’s at least some towels in the other room,” Rise offered.

“And a sink,” Ann pointed out, turning to Rise with a smirk, “But I guess that’s been peed in too, so maybe you don’t want to use it.”

“H-hey!” Rise blushed, “The woods were spooky!”

Ann laughed, and Yukari found herself feeling a little better. Still, she was worried about what people would say when they got rescued.

If we can even get rescued. I mean, there’s no exit, so how are people going to find us? Surely we won’t be trapped in here forever, right?

###

Chie found herself rubbing her knees together as she watched the road. She was actually secretly grateful Ryuji had taken over driving again, especially since, in her current position, she really wasn’t going to be able to hold it well like that.

Actually, in her current position, she really wasn’t holding it well right now either. She was shuffling in her car seat, trying to ignore the waves and pulses coming from her full bladder. As she rubbed her thighs together. She shuffled back and forth as she glanced out the window nervously.

“How far are we?” Chie asked, glancing over nervously, she hoped this wouldn’t take too much longer.

“We’re actually almost there, it’s just this turn up ahead,” Ryuji pointed out.

“Oh thank god,” Chie gasped before covering her mouth, realizing she just said that out loud.

“What’s wrong? Tired?”

“Y-yeah, something like that,” Chie lied.

She waited anxiously and Ryuji parked the car before they both climbed out, Chie taking special care not to put any unneeded pressure on her already full bladder. She bounced in place slightly as she looked over the warehouse.

“So, what’s your master plan, Phantom Thief. I doubt busting in again is gonna work.”

“Hehehe, don’t worry, I came prepared,” Ryuji grinned, holding up a lockpick.

The two made their way to a side door and Ryuji began fiddling with the lock. Chie waited, tapping her foot impatiently as she swayed her hips back and forth. Her bladder sent a wave of pressure shooting through her, and Chie stiffened up, rubbing her knees together to fight it.

Chie went from squirming, to shuffling, to something just barely shy of a full-on pee dance as Ryuji fiddled with the lock. He muttered curses left and right as he messed with it.

“Hey, professional Phantom Thief, what’s the hold up?” Chie asked, mentally adding, I really have to pee! Hurry it up!

“It ain’t my fault, this is trickier than it looks!” Ryuji defended, “What the hell? Joker makes this look so easy!”

After a few more agonizing minutes, Chie finally heard a satisfying click, and Ryuji jumped up, thrusting a fist in the air in success, “Haha, got it!”

The two opened the door, only to find the lights in the warehouse were already on. The proceeded with caution, stepping in carefully, but they didn’t see or hear anyone. They slinked around, carefully hiding behind boxes and peeking around corners, but it really didn’t seem like anyone was here. Not to mention that, besides a few tall crates, there wasn’t anything here.

“Empty!? Ah come on, this was supposed to be our lead!” Chie whined, crossing her arms as she danced in place.

“Yeah, what gives?” Ryuji sighed, “Wait, do you think there might be something in these crates?”

“Maybe,” Chie shrugged, “It’s all we have to check.”

For her and her bladder’s sake, Chie really hoped there was something in the crates.

Ryuji looked around before his eyes widened, and he rushed over to something on the ground. He picked it up and held it proudly. It was a crowbar.

“Good thing this was just sittin’ here!”

Ryuji went to town at the first crate, popping off a side panel and peering into it.

“A damnit!” Ryuji frowned, “It’s empty!”

“Check another!”

Chie watched and waited impatiently as Ryuji went around, checking each of the crates. She herself stood to the side, squirming in place and hoping Ryuji hadn’t noticed as she tried to hold back the flood threatening to burst out of her. In the end though, all of them turned up empty, and Chie was left desperately clamping her thighs together.

“Eff this, there’s nothing here!” Ryuji slammed the crowbar into one of the useless, empty crates, “How are we supposed to continue our investigation?”

“I dunno, maybe we didn’t find the right lead. Do you think we should go back to the apartment?” Chie asked.

She really didn’t want to have to backtrack, she already had to pee badly enough, but she couldn’t think of any other options.

“Ah damnit,” Ryuji scratched his head, “Sorry, if I hadn’t rushed us out of there, we could’ve looked around more.”

Chie sighed, “I told you it was a good idea.”

Actually, I really just wanted to pee… but I was still right in the end!

“My bad,” Ryuji slumped his shoulders, “Well, I guess there’s nothing for it, then. We gotta head back.”

The two made their way out of the warehouse and back towards the cop car, when suddenly Chie felt her bladder spasm. She doubled over, crossing her legs over on themselves twice as she twisted in place, trying to hold back a leak.

“Hey, you seem pretty restless, you gotta take a leak or somethin’?” Ryuji asked bluntly.

“W-wha- Ryuji!?” Chie thwacked Ryuji on the head, and he recoiled, running his fingers through his hair where he was hit.

“Ow! Sorry, I was just asking,” Ryuji shouted back.

“N-no, I’m sorry,” Chie looked down. She was quickly reaching her limits, and now was as good of a time to tell Ryuji as ever. If they had to backtrack, she doubted she’d make it through to the end of the investigation anyway, “I kind of reacted without thinking. Actually, I do need to use the bathroom.”

“Damn, and we’re pretty far from the nearest pitstop, it’s just a bunch of warehouses and shit here,” Ryuji sighed, “Eh, guess there’s no helping it. We gotta go here.”

“Wait, here!?” Chie gasped, “A-and what do you mean we?”

“I gotta take a leak too,” Ryuji admitted, “Anyway, we can just go behind the warehouse. Or I guess in the warehouse, if you want the extra privacy.”

“What!? I can’t do that!”

“Why not? No else is around,” Ryuji pointed out.

“Y-yeah but…” Chie crossed her arms, “I mean, people might say I’m unlady-like, but I’m still a girl!”

“Hey, I ain’t gonna peek, I swear!” Ryuji held up his hands defensively.

“It’s not that!” Chie blushed, “It’s just… there are some things unbefitting of a girl, like… peeing out in the open.”

“Eh, what’s the big deal? If you gotta go you gotta go,” Ryuji pointed out.

Chie looked around, dancing in place desperately. Now that she had told Ryuji, she finally let herself openly hold herself. It helped a little, but Chie had to pee so badly at this point she wasn’t sure how long she could hold it.

“F-fine,” Chie agreed reluctantly.

She slipped back into the warehouse, feeling far more comfortable peeing in there than outside. She squirmed around as she hobbled, hoping to find a suitable place to go. Eventually she decided to tuck herself between two of the containers for as much privacy as possible before reaching for her skirt.

Just as she did so, however, she noticed her hand started glowing a faint blue. It quickly spread to her whole body, and before Chie knew it, she was being blinded by a white light similar to the one that had sent them into the movie in the first place.

Once the light had died down, Chie found herself back in the cinema’s warehouse. It wasn’t just her, though, Ryuji, along with everyone else, was looking around puzzled.

“Huh? We’re back?” Makoto asked.

“What happened?” Yu asked.

“That was truly a terrifying ordeal,” Yusuke spoke, striking a dramatic pose.

“Oh my,” Elizabeth called out, “It seems you all were sucked into a strange device, my apologies. Switching it off seems to have brought you all back, though.”

“Hey, Makoto, you’re okay,” Joker smiled, glancing over at Makoto. For her part, Makoto blushed bright red, and it didn’t take him to figure out why. He glanced down at her skirt and saw that the wet stains from her accident inside the movie had transferred to her clothes out here.

“R-Ren, this is…!” Makoto blushed, trying to hide herself, but in doing so only making herself more obvious, “This is humiliating…”

“Oh my, I guess you were in there for longer than I thought,” Elizabeth noted.

“It’s not her fault, we just kind of got stuck somewhere,” Yukiko defended, blushing. Chie looked down and saw her own wet skirt.

“Yukiko!” Chie gasped.

“I’m glad it wasn’t just me,” Yukari let out a sigh, placing her hands behind her back as she looked down sheepishly.

“Oh my, Yukari, even you?” Kotone asked. Her own skirt seemed to be wet as well.

Mitsuru blushed and looked away. Her skirt was dry, but there was telling if the state of her underwear was the same. Rise’s certainly wasn’t. She blushed, unable to meet Yu’s gaze, even though realistically there was no way Yu would ever find out about her own ordeal.

“Well, I’m just glad we’re all back in one piece,” Ryuji grinned, “Oh, by the way, Chie, did you ever get to-”

Before Ryuji could finish his sentence, Chie gasped, her bladder snapping her out of the shock of them finally being brought back. She gasped, jamming both hands between her legs as she rushed back.

She wasn’t the only one. Haru found herself sprinting in the same direction, and both of them made a mad dash for the restrooms. At first it seemed like a fierce race to relief, but luckily there were enough stalls that both Haru and Chie were able to grab one.

Chie barely had enough time to tear down her spats and panties before slamming her butt down on the toilet and finally letting out a powerful torrent. She gasped, breathing heavily as she heard her stream ring against the bowl. Next to her in the stall, she could hear Haru let out a blissful sigh as her own stream hissed loudly and splashed into the bowl below her.

“I can’t believe I made it,” Chie gasped out, practically doubling over as she fully unleashed her bladder’s contents into the bowl.

Chie felt like she was peeing for ages, but even when her own stream slowed to a trickle and finally tapered off, Haru’s was still going strong. Chie would’ve been impressed if she wasn’t immediately reminded that she just made a desperate, mad dash to the bathroom in front of everyone she knew.

She eventually cleaned herself up and picked herself off the toilet, blushing. As she washed her hands, she at least reminded herself that it was better than the ones who seemingly wet themselves. At least she had made it.

Back with the group, it was pretty much unanimously decided not to bring the incident up again, with threats of a particularly fierce punishment from Mitsuru should anyone fail to comply. Everyone who was more than a little wet from the ordeal wound up washing themselves up using the facilities available to them, and Margaret offered to procure fresh clothes for everyone. Actually, Elizabeth offered first, but considering her choice of outfits for herself and Theodore, everyone was grateful when Margret offered to step in instead.

In the end, they all returned to the cinema’s main foyer, all needing some rest after such a crazy ordeal. Though, as they all settled down and got to talking, Elizabeth noted that the groups were less separate. No longer was the group divided into SEES, the investigation Team, and the Phantom Thieves, but they were all coalesced in the center, talking amongst themselves and trading stories about their own experiences as Persona users.

“Was this your plan all along, dear sister?” Margaret asked Elizabeth, “Setting up that projector, I mean.”

“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Elizabeth mused.

“Oh really? Because we both know that projector’s property of the Velvet Room,” Margaret pointed out, “Well, it seems that, one way or another, the group’s getting along a lot better. Is this what humans call a bonding exercise?”

“Maybe it’s something like that,” Elizabeth smiled, “Anyway, I believe this group is well more equipped to deal with the trials coming forwards, now that they’re more eager to work together.”

Margaret smiled, heading off as Elizabeth continued watching the group fondly, before finally stepping away to let them all get some much needed rest.

