Ill-Timed Priorities -- A Shameless FFXIV Story ft. Y'shtola (DAWNTRAIL SPOILERS)

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2025-05-10 17:50

This one was a comm where I was pretty much allowed free reign, with the basic premise of Y'shtola being desperate on the ship ride to Tuliyollal, but getting there with very unfortunate timing. It's been a while since I've written a Y'sthola fic so it definitely felt good. It's long and pretty self-indulgent, so be warned.

Ill-Timed Priorities

Y’shtola found herself standing at the bow of a large sailing vessel, hearing the waves crash around her and feeling the salty seabreeze lick at her cheeks as she looked out across the calm seas again. The ship was racing across the vast seas to Tuliyollal, where the Warrior of Light and the other Scions were waiting. She and G’raha had been contacted by Krile from across the salt with interesting news about a gate to the fabled Golden City. Given what Krile mentioned, it definitely sounded like it was a gateway to another shard, and thus had piqued Y’shtola’s interest in particular.

G’raha stood next to her, looking around eagerly.

“I was keen on eventually traveling to Tuliyollal, but I had not expected it would be so soon. Full grateful I am for Ojika and the others picking up my slack, even while Krile is already absent.”

G’raha had wanted to go from the first, but his duties with the Students of Baldesion had kept him firmly in Sharlayan. Y’shtola, on the other hand, had no such obligations. In fact, she had been invited alongside Thancred and Urianger to back Koana in his bid for the throne. However, at the time, Y’shtola had little interest. While she was a loyal Scion through-and-through, she was also a scholar first and foremost. On matters that did not involve the fate of the realm, she had very little interest in politics.

Now that the prospects involved studying another potential way to travel across the rift, however…

“Do you think she enjoyed her time there?” G’raha smiled. Of course he meant the Warrior of Light.

“I’m sure she took to it as a bird takes to the skies. Saving the star many times over aside, she is an adventurer at heart, after all.”

The thought brought a smile to Y’shtola’s face. She cared dearly for the Warrior of Light, and while she had been glad the relative calm and quiet had allowed her to make good headway on her research and studies, she would be lying if she didn’t say she missed the occasional distraction from her adventurous partner.

She was looking forward to seeing the Warrior of Light once she got to Tural.

Y’shtola felt the warm sun on her face and let out a contented sigh as she stretched, before turning around and heading back towards the stairs down to the lower deck.

“What, leaving already?”

“Gazing upon the ocean will get us to Tuliyollal no faster, and I’d much rather spend my time being productive.”

G’raha smiled and shook his head, “You could always enjoy a moment’s respite.”

Y’shtola crossed her arms, “Oh please. You know as well as I the joy of pursuing knowledge for its own sake. It’s hardly work to me. Besides, I get the feeling I’ll have little time for my own tasks once we make landfall.”

“True, we’re bound to be busy studying that gate, especially if it truly is to another shard…” G’raha trailed off inquisitively. As someone who was also reasonably well-studied in cross-rift travel, his mind must’ve also been racing with possibilities.

It was there that Y’shtola left him, lost in thought on the deck, as she journeyed below.

Below deck, there were deckhands and sailors running around, ensuring the smooth operation of the ship, while other travellers lounged around. Somewhere in the back there were enticing smells coming from the ship’s galley, though Y’shtola had only just eaten breakfast earlier with G’raha. Instead, she headed to her cabin. It was a small luxury they had arranged for both her and G’raha both due to it being official business sanctioned by the Students of Baldesion.

Even still, her cabin at the very least was still quite small, though she doubted G’raha’s was any bigger. It was just barely large enough to accommodate a singular bunk, with a small desk just barely wide enough for a single person to use comfortably. Y’shtola had stacked it with a number of tomes that she had taken with her, many of which she had borrowed from the Great Gubal Library upon a quick trip to visit her old master.

Though, this time Y’shtola was not planning on reading or research. She reached for her stack of tomes and pulled out a large, leather-bound journal and began setting up. She retrieved from her bag a small inkpot, as well as a large brown-and-white quill with a faint glow. It was a special enchanted quill that allowed her advanced level of finesse and control while writing, and it had the benefit of being able to remove ink from the page if she were to err or simply decide she wished to change a word or phrase.

For the past few months, Y’shtola had made due on her pursuits of writing down all the knowledge, tales, and histories she had uncovered during her time with the Scions. She originally intended to combine all the knowledge she had into a single source, but Y’shtola had since realized the full scope of writing down all her knowledge, both of what she had learned and what she had experienced.

Instead, it seemed wise to separate them out into multiple accounts. Some of history. Some of aetherology. Some of her knowledge of the ancients, the Source and the 13 reflections. And last but not least, of course, her personal journeys, and her firsthand account of the myriad adventures and deeds of the Warrior of Light.

Y’shtola allowed herself another smile at the thought. Perhaps her partner would prefer to make an account of her own tales, and certainly Y’shtola didn’t want to overstep her bounds, but the idea of writing about all the Warrior of Light’s adventures enticed her greatly.

That would be a task for another time, perhaps. This journal that Y’shtola was currently filling was more on the technical aspects of aetherology, as well as her personal accounts with the Lifestream, and her theories and knowledge on the effects of aether on the body and environment in general.

Y’shtola opened the journal to the last page she had been on and took a few moments to regain her mental bearings on where she had left off. She was currently in the middle of exploring the effects of ambient aether attunement, and how subtle things could affect both the environment and the creatures within.

The final line on the page read this phenomena should not be confused with a misalignment or overabundance of aether of a certain attunement. That will have a profound effect on the surrounding environs, but is unnatural and is usually the result of external forces. Rather, this phenomenon is a natural tendency for an area’s aether to be subtly attuned to one of the six elemental alignments. While also possible, an area attuned to light or dark aether is rare and usually cannot form naturally without external forces at play.

Essentially, aether was naturally infused in all things, and an area would have a natural affinity for a certain type of aether that could impact the people and other living beings there. For instance, here in the middle of the great ocean, Y’shtola would not be surprised to find the ambient aether slightly water-aspected. Should the balance tip too much, that unbalanced aether could cause storms or great waves, and organisms would be inundated with water-aether, resulting in aether sickness and other unwanted biological effects.

As it was now, though, the seas were calm, and any physical effects on the body were negligible.

Y’shtola went on to start writing down the specifics of this kind of more subtle phenomenon. She often found current literature on the subject was often lacking, as most scholars and mages preferred to study the more profound effects of aether imbalance and over- and under-abundance, which were more immediately hazardous. Indeed, Y’shtola intended to cover these topics as well, but she wanted to also emphasize the more subtle nature of aether, and the entirety of its influence on the world.

If there’s anything the Final Days have taught us, it’s that a full understanding on the subject could easily become vital to combat threats to the star.

Y’shtola got lost in her writing, and at some point later she found herself rather parched. She needed to stretch and move anyway, and she wanted to rest her hand before it began to cramp. She placed the quill down and made sure the ink was fully dry before shutting her tome again.

She stood up and stretched, and for the first time she noticed the slightest tinge coming from her bladder. It was a small pressure, barely noticeable, and it went away almost instantly. Y’shtola was entirely unbothered. The ship had plenty of chambers and she had ready access at any point. She could merely go after she retrieved something to drink.

Y’shtola found herself exiting her cabin. It was clear from the smells and the muffled sounds of clinking glasses and silverware from the galley that lunch was being served.

“Ah, there you are, Ma’am,” one of the shipmates spoke, “I was just about to inform you that lunch is being served.”

“Thank you very much,” Y’shtola nodded, “I was already making my way there for a cup of tea. Perhaps I will grab a bite as well.”

Y’shtola went to the galley, quickly spotting G’raha already nibbling on what appeared to be a sandwich. Y’shtola settled down next to him and requested some tea before looking over and watching him pick at his food with a lack of enthusiasm.

“How’s the food?” Y’shtola asked.

“Ah yes, well…” G’raha lowered his voice to not offend any of the sailors around, least of all any who might have worked on the dish, “Let’s just say I found last night’s supper to be quite a bit more pleasing on the senses.”

Y’sthola looked over, trying and failing to ascertain the ingredients sandwiched between what appeared to be two pallid slices of crumbling bread.

“Apparently, as this ship is bound for Tuliyollal, the food served aboard is often a mixture of Turali and Sharyalan cuisine,” Y’shtola mused. She recalled their breakfast, while simple, had been quite well-spiced as well.

“I’m almost assured this is the latter,” G’raha sighed, “It’s very reminiscent of the sad meals I ate working out in the field with the other Students.”

“Here’s your tea, Ma’am,” one of the ship’s crew came up to Y’shtola with a teacup and saucer. Thankfully, Sharlayans were not as infamous for their teas than their cuisine, and Y’shtola took her first sip with a smile.

“Well, in that case, I think I’ll save my appetite for this evening,” Y’shtola suggested.

“Please do, spare yourself,” G’raha took another sad bite out of his sandwich.

Y’shtola took another sip of tea, feeling another slight nag from her bladder. Again she brushed it off, paying it no mind as she tried not to giggle at G’raha’s reluctant chews as he forced down the rest of his sandwich.

“Ah, I should say, I overheard the sailors up on deck. They say the winds are favorable, and we’re making good pace. Assuming things don’t change, we might actually make landfall before sundown.”

“Wonderful news,” Y’shtola smiled between sips of her tea, “I am not adverse to sea travel, but after a few days aboard, it does get a bit cramped.”

“Indeed,” G’raha nodded, “though I must say I believe that is partially of your own making. You’ve kept yourself quite cooped up in your cabin.”

“I told you earlier, I’ve been keeping myself quite busy,” Y’shtola pointed out, finishing up her cup. She then turned to the server, who was passing by with a hot kettle, “Speaking of, could I get another cup to take to my cabin?”

“Certainly, Ma’am,” the crewmate nodded.

“Really? Back to the cabin again? You don’t even wish to take a moment to step above-deck for fresh air?”

“Really, G’raha, you don’t have to worry about me. I’ll enjoy myself plenty between our studies in Tuliyollal, I’m sure.”

She also had a feeling that the Warrior of Light would serve as a constant distraction to her personal studies, both to drag her around the new lands, as well as spending their nights together. Beyond the more intimate sides of their relationship, it could be said that behind closed doors the Champion of Eorzea was rather clingy and physically affectionate, and would surely drag Y’shtola away from her desk to curl up on the bed and cuddle.

Before the Warrior of Light had come to her about her feelings, Y’shtola had hardly given romance any thought outside of turning down the odd suitor. A relationship at all had been the furthest from her mind, let alone one so inundated with physical affection in so many forms. Yet rather than being overwhelmed or uncomfortable with it, Y’shtola had taken to it quite quickly. She’d be lying if she said she didn’t miss it.

However, it also meant that she couldn’t get any actual work done, outside of reading the odd book with her partner’s head resting in her lap, or her arms wrapped around her waist. Needless to say, Y’shtola was eager to cram as much work into this trip as possible to make up for any future losses of productivity.

G’raha merely shrugged and headed up for the stairs leading above-deck, while Y’shtola waited for her tea. Once the crewmate returned with a freshly brewed cup, Y’shtola thanked him and stood up.

Yet again, Y’shtola felt a slight nag from her bladder. This time it was a bit more noticeable, and Y’shtola instinctively squeezed her thighs together. Still, Y’shtola had a hot cup of tea in her hand. She couldn’t very well take this into the chambers with her. She instead stepped out of the galley, passing the hallway that led to the privy on the way past, and headed straight back for her cabin.

Once Y’shtola was back in her cabin, she placed the cup down on the desk and turned to finally use the privy, but then she paused. She looked at the steaming tea cup and a thought came to her mind.

Her current research was into the effects on elementally-aspected aether on the body. On a more modern sailing vessel like this one, purified water was produced using water-aspected aether crystals. In theory, such a method would produce water that was infused with a stronger concentration of aether than normal water from a spring or river. That could mean that its effects on the body while at sea were more pronounced. Perhaps it helped keep sailors more hydrated in spite of their heightened exposure to the salty air, or it had a noticeable diuretic effect. It was the exact kind of subtle effects she had been looking into for the first part of her journal.

Actually, she recalled reading a study on such a subject. Forgetting the trip to the chambers, Y’shtola sat down and quickly began sifting through the various tomes, trying to see if she could find the exact one. She didn’t have to go that badly now anyway, and this had piqued her interest. Besides, she should at least finish her tea first before it got cold.

With a sense of curiosity, Y’shtola eagerly dove back into her tomes, skimming through them as she searched for the correct one. She also took the occasional sip of tea. Her nagging need to pee was entirely forgotten as she searched.

Finally, she recalled the tome’s name. Aetherology and its effects on the Anatomy. She found the book quickly, flipping it open and searching to see if it had the research she was thinking of. While she read, her legs shuffled in her chair. While Y’shtola herself had all but forgotten her need, and was paying it no mind, her body still felt the effects of her filling bladder.

Y’shtola had always had a bit of a bad habit of neglecting her bodily needs in the face of pursuing research. She vividly remembered the day the Warrior of Light and G’raha had found her practically passed out in the Noumenon, and waited patiently for her to awaken. She had stayed up for two days straight prior diving into her research.

Other times, the Warrior of Light had to remind her to eat, though admittedly Y’shtola wasn’t as prone to ignoring a good meal as other scholars could be. She also enjoyed having a pot of tea to sip at, so hydration wasn’t an issue.

Of course, what went in had to come out, and Y’shtola would often find herself making a beeline to the privy to let out all that pent up fluid after a long study session. It was even something she recalled Matoya scolding her about in her days as her student.

Y’shtola would protest that she’d gotten a little better about it since her days under Mayota, though she would be lying if she said she didn’t have the occasional close call from time to time.

Still, Y’shtola’s mind was far from entertaining that idea right now. She was far too focused on her random spark of inspiration. Indeed, when she had finally found the part she was looking for, her eyes lit up.

A body, when exposed to excessive amounts of water-aspected aether, can experience various acute effects. Even in cases in which the body is exposed to water-aspected aether below the threshold to induce acute aether sickness, exposure to the attuned aether can cause an increase in bleeding in open wounds, overhydration, increased saliva, tear, and urine production, and in severe cases, swelling of the fluid in the brain, which can be fatal if not immediately attended to by chirurgeons.

Y’shtola was onto something, but much like most of the other research she found on the subject, it was incomplete. It was definitely more focused on overexposure and more severe cases of being exposed to water-aspected aether, not the kind of amounts Y’shtola hypothesized would be produced by water-aspected crystals.

Y’shtola dove for another tome, wondering if any measurements or research had been done on that in specific. It could be that ambient levels of aether in all forms could have an effect on the body, or it could be something so minute and insignificant that it couldn’t be measured. Surely she would propose more research to the Forum on this if she found the current literature did not cover the topic thoroughly.

As Y’shola studied, she found herself shuffling in her seat. She barely noticed, only once again remembering the nagging from her bladder. She looked down. Her tea was only half-finished, and she was far more invested in this. She definitely had to pee more than before, and if she was being honest, she couldn’t quite get rid of the nagging sensation entirely, even forcing it to the back of her mind.

Still, the privy was just down the hall, and Y’shtola’s bladder wasn’t full quite yet. She could feel it for sure, but only in the kind of way where she’d at least start planning a trip to the chambers. So Y’shtola did plan one, for later.

Somewhere in the far back of her brain she thought about how many other times she had thought the same thing, only to find herself being drawn out of her research hours later in a much dire situation. Then again, she wasn’t tucked away in her Master’s cave or hidden away in the Noumenon. She was on a ship. Even if she did get distracted by her research, worst-case scenario is that someone would fetch her for dinner in a few hours. That was if they didn’t arrive in Tullioyal first as G’raha had mentioned.

With that reassurance, Y’shtola felt far more comfortable putting off a trip to the privy for the sake of her research.

Though, perhaps comfortable wasn’t the correct word. She did still have to pee noticeably, and she tried to shift her position to something at least a little more comfortable. Even as she settled in, she still unconsciously bounced her knee as she leaned over her tomes.

Y’shtola had done this enough times that she was still able to ignore the discomfort, even as her bladder steadily filled. She looked over tomes and research about the amount of ambient aether in natural sources of water, and looked at studies over aether crystals. In the meantime, she polished off her tea, and failed to notice herself getting more and more restless.

At this point, however, Y’shtola had gotten fully into focus. Her body’s signals went ignored even as she crossed her legs and leaned back in the chair. She was onto something with her research. She grabbed a different journal to keep track of notes as she wrote down what she was learning.

It was as she had expected. There were noticeably higher amounts of water-aspected aether in water that came from a crystal source as opposed to a natural spring. So noticeable she was sure they would have some effect on the body. Of course, the research on that was alarmingly sparse, but given the amounts and frequency people drank of crystal-sourced water, both on ships and in places sparse of natural sources, she doubted it was harmful. Any effects were likely subtle, but not negligible.

All the while, she was ignoring the same effects on her own body. Not only did the tea itself have a diuretic effect, but the water likely did too. That was combined with the fact that she had been at sea for a few days, an environment with naturally higher water-aspected aether. This all combined to fill her bladder that much faster, and soon it was impossible for Y’shtola to completely ignore it.

Over time, the nagging sensation had grown into pulses of urgency, and she found herself bouncing one leg up and down with her knees rubbing together. She shifted positions, which served to briefly make the pulse worse before it subsided and the new position was slightly more comfortable.

Y’shtola paused, wondering if it was worth finally making that trip to the privy. Yet as full as her bladder was, she could definitely still hold it, and her notes were fresh in her mind. The last thing Y’shtola wanted was to get up to go, only to lose her train of thought. Not to mention that she was sure if she ran into G’raha, he’d insist on her getting some fresh air.

While a trip to the chambers and above-deck would undoubtedly be the healthier option, Y’shtola was too deep in the weeds of her research to want to get up now. She pushed the thoughts of her full bladder to the back of her mind, and continued.

Thusly, Y’shtola fell back into her bad habit. She would rationalize not taking a much-needed break, putting it off longer and longer until it could no longer be ignored.

It happened all the time when she was a student. Just one more tome. Just one more scroll. Just one more bit of conjury practice. Then, before she knew it, she was either passing out from exhaustion or hunger, or in a case like this, rushing out of Matoya’s cave with great urgency to relieve herself.

She had, in her years as a Scion, improved in that respect. She needed to be more reliable and self-sufficient, especially when she was out alone doing fieldwork in Limsa Lominsa. Of course, that didn’t preclude her from the occasional close calls even then. She vividly recalled having to tuck into an alcove and perch herself precariously to relieve her bursting bladder over the edge of a deck on her way back to her quarters. She had simply lost track of time and spent far too long out in the field, and had overestimated her ability to hold it until back at the Mizzenmast.

Thankfully she hadn’t gotten caught, but it had been a reminder not to let her body get ahead of herself.

Yet, recently Y’shtola found herself slipping back into that more and more. There was the incident with falling asleep in the Noumenon, but beyond that she often found the Warrior of Light having to check in on her and make her take breaks for her own sake. Often this was sleep or food, but Y’shtola could recall a time the Warrior of Light had walked in on her practically dancing in her chair, and only after pointing this out did all the pressure hit Y’shtola’s bladder at once. Y’shtola had never scrambled for the privy so quickly.

Perhaps because of that, though, Y’shtola was less concerned and more reassured. While her bladder was certainly full to the point of being uncomfortable, it was nowhere near that urgent. Plus, she was monitoring it.

Or rather, her bladder wouldn’t let her ignore it anymore. At least not fully. The urgent waves were coming more frequently, and Y’shtola kept the sensation at the back of her mind. She shuffled occasionally, gauging her ability to hold it for just that much longer as she scribbled out more notes and shuffled through pages and pages of research.

At this point, Y’shtola was researching any possible other places subtle traces of aether could have an impact. She expanded her research out the other elemental aspects. An icebox for food storage imbued with ice-aspected crystals could imbue the food with a noticeable amount of ice aether, for instance, though in that case Y’shtola imagined the fire-aspected aether imbued to the food during cooking would cancel that out.

All the while, Y’shtola’s bladder continued to fill, and she became more restless in her seat. It was becoming harder to ignore the building pressure even as she focused on the words. It wasn’t enough to fully distract Y’shtola from her writing, but every once in a while she found herself pausing to adjust her position on her seat.

At some point she raised one leg up to the chair so she could sit on her heel. It just gave a little bit of pressure on her crotch and made her a little bit more comfortable. She wasn’t quite at the point of wanting to grab herself yet, it was mostly more of a comfort-measure to ensure she could keep working, and it was only something Y’shtola herself was halfway aware of.

Of course, just because Y’shtola’s mind was narrowed in on her research, and determined to see it through, doesn’t mean her bladder was on the same page. A strong spasm hit her, and for the first time Y’shtola was forced to stop reading as she squeezed her legs together. She adjusted herself on her heel and her eyes darted to the door of her cabin. How long would a quick trip take? 5 minutes?

Then again, Y’shtola had a full half-page of notes scribbled down, documenting the research she had found on four of the six elemental aspects. How long could two more take?

Just a little more. I’ll go as soon as I’m finished. It’ll be the first thing I do.

While Y’shtola was downplaying it and putting it off, it would’ve been clear to anyone who walked in on her that she was in urgent need of the privy. She wasn’t quite bouncing in her seat, but she was shifting uncomfortably every few moments. Her leg was tapping on the floor of the cabin, with the other tucked underneath her as she subconsciously grinded it against her crotch. Her tail flicked in discomfort and her ears were flattened back, a clear sign she was more uncomfortable than she was letting on.

As she wrote, she drummed her fingers on her free hand on the desk. Suddenly, she froze clenching her knuckles as she felt the occasional wave of desperation. Again, Y’shtola was pulled out of her focus and forced to press her thighs together. She bit her lip. Even Y’shtola was thinking she was pushing it a little too far.

Then again, she only had a few more notes to write down. All that was left was air, a surprisingly sparse topic. It wouldn’t take her much longer to finish.

Powering through the last of it, Y’shtola found herself really squirming as she jotted down her remaining notes. In truth, she would’ve liked to start scribing them into her journal, but doing so would require to reword and reorganize them in a way appropriate for proper reading, as well as citing her other sources. That was work Y’shtola wasn’t really prepared to do on a full bladder.

Still, she had reached the point where she really couldn’t put it off anymore. Actually, her bladder was so full that if Y’shtola ran her hand across her abdomen, she could feel the telltale signs of a bulge through her dress. She bit her lips and let out a light sigh.

I seem to have overdone it again. At the very least I don’t think I need to make a frantic dash this time.

Y’shtola leaned forwards, and immediately she knew she was right. Actually a frantic dash would’ve probably made things worse. She had intended to stand up, but doing so put more pressure on her bladder, and she had to dig her heel into her crotch to keep from leaking.

I have to go worse than I thought. Somehow it always ends up like this.

Carefully, Y’shtola found herself easing out of her chair, standing up slowly and avoiding any sudden jostles. Once she was standing, however, such a task proved in vain, as the entire boat rocked violently, sending her stumbling towards the wall. She caught herself with her hand, but the shake went straight to her overfilled bladder, and Y’shtola instinctively grabbed herself to prevent a leak.

That didn’t feel like a storm or a wave…

Y’shtola took a few moments to recover, hoping to head to the chambers for some much overdue relief before finding out what was going on. However, she wasn’t so lucky.

“Y’shtola!” G’raha called out through the door, “We have a bit of a situation!”

Y’shtola frowned. This timing couldn’t be worse. She feigned composure and stopped her squirming before opening the cabin door.

“What’s wrong?”

“Come above deck! It’s urgent!”

G’raha rushed off before elaborating further. Things were urgent. Whatever this emergency was, Y’shtola was worried she’d have to deal with it before relieving herself. Considering how full her bladder felt already, she was worried. Still, it wouldn’t do for her to try to go now, especially if there was some immediate danger and everyone else was rushing around.

Steeling her bladder as much as possible, Y’shtola grabbed her mage staff and headed out on deck.

What was wrong was immediately obvious. They were in sights of the shorelines of Tural, with the city of Tuliyollal visible as it rose and weaved up the coast and the mountain. Ordinarily it would’ve been an amazing sight, especially for weary travellers and sailors who had braved the salt.

Unfortunately, right now, clearly something was very wrong. Smoke rose from multiple places as the sounds of explosions rang in the distance. They weren’t close enough to see what was happening, but Y’shtola suspected the strange, oddly shaped airships seemingly hovering in the sky over the city and coastline had something to do with it.

Adrenaline taking over, Y’shtola’s full bladder was forgotten in the moment once more as she looked on in shock, “What’s going on?”

“One of ‘em bleedin’ airships fired some kind of… blast at us! Nearly blew us out of the water!” the captain announced.

“They haven’t fired again, though. They might just be tellin’ us to back off!” Another sailor pointed out.

“This is as close as we can get to shore anyway,” the captain continued, “We’d need to take a skiff the rest of the way in. No bleedin’ way we’re doin’ that now, though. Not if they’re shootin’ at us!”

G’raha and Y’shtola looked at each other and nodded, and G’raha turned to the captain.

“Is there any way you could get us to shore? Or at least prepare a skiff for us to try to get to land? Clearly whatever’s happening in the capital is urgent. They might need our help.”

“You want to go in there? Are you right mad?” the Captain looked, but could clearly see the determination in G’raha and Y’shtola’s eyes. They were no longer acting simply as scholars from the Students of Baldesion. They were proper Scions now.

The captain scratched the back of his hand, “Alright, I suppose we could lend you one of our spare skiffs! But none of my crew are goin’. You’ll have to sail it there yourself. We don’t have the supplies to turn around, so we’ll drop anchor here for the night and hope they don’t bloody blast us again.”

“Right,” Y’shtola nodded, “How quickly can you get the skiff prepared?”

As urgent as the situation was, she was hoping it would take at least a few minutes. Long enough, at least, to let her sneak on down to the privy. She would also prefer not to keep her belongings here, but she’d prioritize emptying her bladder over readying her bags if it was that time critical.

“Skiff’s already prepared!” the other sailor called out, “We were just about to start loadin’ it up with supplies, but if you two are making a run for shore it can set out now.”

That was the last thing Y’shtola wanted to hear. Still, she could hear explosions and the faint sounds of screaming coming from the city. Whatever was going on was more important than her full bladder. Still, she was now severely regretting not going while she had the chance.

Y’shtola and G’raha quickly loaded onto the skiff, with G’raha taking the helm.

“You steer. I’ll defend the skiff and protect us!” Y’shtola stood up at the front, taking out her staff. She could feel her bladder protest at the idea of a fight, but she pushed it back. At least as much as possible. Underneath her dress, she was pressing her thighs tightly together, and her fingers were gripping her staff tightly. She was glad G’raha was behind her, and thus couldn’t see the strained expression on her face.

The best I can hope for is we make it to shore and take care of whatever’s causing this attack swiftly!

As they set off, Y’shtola tried to ignore the pangs from her bladder and the splashing waves around her. Her eyes were, as much as they could be, focusing on the ships floating overhead.

Ever since her incidental prolonged stay in the Lifestream, Y’shtola lost her physical ability to see. She used a form of aetherial manipulation to replace it, which worked with some caveats. Things up close were easy to discern, but the further away something was, the more she had to focus on it. Some things were just out of sight entirely. She could not, for instance, see the distant stars in the sky at night.

Also, anything imbued with abundant levels of aether were hazy to her, and could even be blinding and obscure its form completely. Those airships, whatever they were, were hard to see with her aethersight.

What was unmistakable, however, was some kind of aetherial beam focusing and being blasted out at them. Y’shtola grit her teeth, raised her staff, and conjured a shield around the skiff.

“Brace yourself!”

“Yeah!”

The blast hit the bubble, and Y’shtola was knocked back. She felt the jolt go straight to her full bladder. She could feel a leak escape involuntarily and let out a light gasp, though it was drowned out by the sound of the blast being dissipated on the shield. Once the smoke cleared, Y’shtola looked up again. They weren’t firing another blast, at least not right away.

Y’shtola took a brief break to regain control, gritting her teeth. She had, from time to time, been caught out in a fight with a full bladder. She couldn’t remember ever having to go this bad, though, and the feeling of the wet spot on her smallclothes brought a light blush to her face.

No more long research sessions!

“There’s something there!”

Y’shtola looked back up at the airship, but indeed rather than another blast, there were two small things flying at them. They were unlike anything Y’shtola had ever seen before, with two humanoid beings seated on small aircrafts with 4 cylindrical devices. They seemed to be producing the lift, but not using aetherial currents like airships normally did.

The humanoids were, as far as Y’shtola could tell from a glance, not actually human. They did not possess the same kind of aether as a living being.

They were also coming straight at them, firing weapons at the small skiff.

Again, Y’shtola defended with a shield, this one more focused to preserve her own aether. She then charged up a strong fire spell and launched it at one. It grazed one of the cylinders and the device spun out of control, grazing the ocean before recovering.

“Behind you!”

Y’shtola turned around just in time to see that the other attacker had flanked them and was now barring down on the skiff, shooting from above. Y’shtola threw up another shield just in time. A few shots grazed the deck, but she managed to protect both herself and the vessel.

The effort of this caused her bladder to once again react negatively, with a strong wave hitting her. She let out a squeak and fell to one knee, grabbing herself with one hand and hiding it with her body from G’raha.

“Y’shtola, are you okay!?”

He probably thought she was injured. She cursed herself for getting into such an embarrassing situation and steeled her bladder once more, thankfully without any more leaks this time. However, as much as she would’ve liked to relax, the fight wasn’t over yet. Both attackers were still airborne, and they were both coming around for another pass at the skiff.

“Enough of this!”

Y’shtola held her staff up in front of her, channeling more aether around the orb at its tip with her other hand. She channeled another blast of fire at first craft before quickly whirling around and hurling an orb of lightning at the other.

This time the fire was a direct hit, exploding into an orb and sending the device and humanoid on it crashing into the sea. The other craft weaved around the lightning orb, but Y’shtola was ready. She summoned a full-power fire blast straight above the craft and sent it crashing down to the sea as well.

Y’shtola was left clenching her staff, both from the exertion and the efforts of fighting off enemies like that on a full bladder. They were about halfway to shore, but Y’shtola just desperately wanted to get there.

“There’s more coming!” G’raha called out.

That was the last thing Y’shtola needed to hear. She grit her teeth and looked up, only to indeed spot 3 more of the same crafts coming straight for them. Fighting the first two had already nearly pushed her bladder past its limits, she had no idea how she was going to hold it through this.

She immediately reeled back, squeezing her thighs together as she channeled ice aether. If casting the fire spells had been bad enough, ice was worse. Channeling it sent cold whisps of aether licking at her arms and legs. The sensation nearly made her bladder cry out again.

Ignoring that for now, she blasted one with a freezing spell, hitting it directly. She managed to freeze one of the cylindrical devices and seized it up, sending the whole craft crashing and cartwheeling across the surface of the ocean.

Unfortunately, that gave the two other craft time to dive them, and Y’shtola barely had the time to throw up a bubble. She couldn’t use a large enough one to protect the whole skiff, and the bow of the ship splintered as blasts struck it directly. The vessel lurched, but she managed to protect the main structures so they stayed afloat.

Y’shtola winced at the swaying, though, and her body both taxed and distracted she leaked again. She clamped her legs together and leaned forwards, using the handle of the staff between her legs to put some pressure and stave off the leak.

Y’shtola managed to regain control, but she was left panting, and she had two more enemies to deal with. She launched another ice spell at one of the crafts, both to block the shots it was firing and also to strike it. She succeeded in distracting it and forcing it to dodge, but her attack missed.

She caught the other attacker trying to flank her, shooting at her directly. She dodged to the side and sent an orb of electricity crashing into it. It hit the humanoid it shook and sputtered before both it and the craft it was on spiraled out of control and crashed into the sea as well.

In that time, the final attacker had looped back around for another attack run. Unfortunately at that exact moment a strong spasm hit Y’shtola. She was forced to the ground, jamming her crotch hard against her heel as she lost control and felt another spurt leak out.

Before the shots from their mysterious attacker could barrel down on her and the middle of the skiff, likely destroying it, G’raha dashed in front of her, conjuring a crystalline sword and shield and protecting the whole vessel from the attack. He then yelled as he leapt up, slashing at the aircraft as it flew low just past them.

G’raha’s blade struck through, and the humanoid soldier collapsed off of the aircraft before they both fell into the water with a loud splash.

“Y’shtola, you alright?”

“F-fine, just overexerted myself a little,” Y’shtola panted out.

Her overtaxed bladder was begging for release, and had Y’shtola been on the vessel solo, she might’ve even considered going right then and there, but with G’raha there she was not about to make such a move. She still had a bit of her dignity to preserve, even though it was her own fault she was in this situation in the first place.

They were still wary of more attacks, but luckily, none never came. Y’shtola gratefully took that time to regain her composure, and they finally made it the rest of the way to the docks.

Unfortunately, as bad as the city looked from the sea, it was far worse up close. Buildings were in ruins, some smoldering and some still on fire. Soldiers and more of those humanoids lie strewn across the streets like a battlefield. Civilians like sailors and merchants and dock workers were either lying injured or crouching on the ground, clutching their injuries. In the distance, groans and cries were interrupted by the occasional wail. It sounded like deeper into the city there was still some fighting, but from what Y’shtola could tell, they had reached the shore at the tail-end of the attack.

“By the gods,” G’raha glanced around, coming up behind her.

He then immediately ran over to an injured soldier and crouched down, reaching out to heal him. The soldier roused and pulled himself to his feet, looking up at the two of them.

“Y-you? Are you the scholars we were told to expect? The Dawnservants told us we were to receive you, but-”

“We’ll lend our aid,” Y’shtola stepped forwards, adrenaline pumping. Her bladder spasmed in protest, and Y’shtola felt another small leak dribble out. She was really overextending here, but this was an emergency situation, and she was a healer. Her bladder would have to wait just a little longer.

Y’shtola and G’raha began tending to the soldiers and civilians who had gotten caught up in the crossfire. Some were clearly beyond saving, but they attended to what ones they could. Each time, Y’shtola had to crouch down to aid them, and the pressure that put on her already overtaxed bladder was unbearable. Still, she steeled herself and bore with it.

Hold out. Hold out.

Once they were done, they turned to the first soldier, who was still hunched over in pain, but was otherwise fine.

“T-thank you, truly. You were invited here as guests, and yet you’re the ones aiding us.”

“Pay it no mind, we’re happy to lend aid in any way we can,” G’raha declared.

“On that matter, surely there’s more wounded,” Y’shtola noted, “Where to next?”

“The markets… and the residential areas… They were hit the hardest. We were unprepared.”

“Shall I take the markets, while you check the residential area?”

“Yes,” Y’shtola nodded.

“It’s up those hills, towards the palace,” the soldier informed her, “Thank you.”

As soon as G’raha and Y’shtola split up, she paused, taking a brief moment to openly grab herself. She knew she had to help, but she really was at her limit. She couldn’t remember a single time in her life she ever had to pee as bad as she did right now. Her bladder was swelling and bulging out, and she could feel it if she nursed it with her hand.

Then again, this is my own doing. If I had only gone on the ship!

Y’shtola wasn’t going to let her own mistake cost precious time. She could hear the distant groans of the injured ringing out all over the city. They were her priority. As much as her bladder protested, she merely clenched her teeth and willed herself to keep going.

It didn’t take her long to find a soldier and an elderly woman lying on the steps leading up the hills to the residential houses. She checked the soldier briefly, only to realize he had been slain and she could do nothing for him. Instead she moved over to the elderly woman. She crouched down and began healing her.

Again, crouching put immense pressure on her bladder, and she felt another small leak slip out. At this point her pantalettes were soaked at the crotch, yet she merely shuffled slightly to stave off any more leaks, and tended to the woman.

Once she was stable, Y’shtola continued up the steps. Climbing was no less pleasant than running, but at this point her bladder was so full that any movements at all sent mini-jolts straight through her abdomen. She merely drew in sharp breaths and carried on, trying to ignore the pulsing pain and pressure.

As she climbed up, she came across more wounded. One was just a small child, who had been caught up in one of the explosions. His injuries were severe and Y’shtola immediately prioritized him. His mother was wounded too, with a deep gash on her arm and burns on her leg, but she was well enough to be sobbing over her child.

After reaching out and channeling her healing, Y’shtola was relieved that the boy had no fatal injuries. She wouldn’t be able to heal all his wounds immediately, but she could stabilize him and he would recover.

“He’ll be alright,” Y’shtola announced after a bit more healing.

The boy stirred and groaned, opening his eyes, and the woman cried, “Thank you.”

Y’shtola wasted no time and switched to the mother, just briefly. The gash wasn’t bleeding severely and the burns were superficial. She cast a small healing spell just to ease the pain, and then immediately took off to find someone more seriously injured.

As she ran off, she once again felt her bladder throb and spasm. If she had been doing anything else, the thought of finding somewhere, anywhere to relieve herself would’ve taken over Y’shtola’s thoughts. But for some reason the desperation took a backseat. It was kind of like how she pushed the feelings to the back of her mind when she was deep in the weeds of her research, but even Y’shtola knew this was a level beyond anything she could handle normally.

She had never been in such a situation before, but Y’shtola’s research into conjury had inevitably brought up anecdotes of healers and Chirurgeons working tirelessly for hours in emergency situations, many not getting a single chance to sleep or relieve themselves. She always wondered how they powered through. Now however, she thought she could understand that a little better. Her own needs were nothing compared to her determination to save as many people as she could.

She found more wounded soldiers, surrounding a single one of those humanoids. She wasn’t surprised. The tenacity at which they attacked her and G’raha earlier, and their battle prowess, were not to be underestimated.

She bent down and paused for the briefest moments as her bladder cried out in protest. She merely grit her teeth and dug her heel into her crotch for the pressure as she reached out and began tending to the soldiers she could. One had too many fatal injuries to be healed, but the other two were a little better off. Y’shtola was able to bring them back from the brink.

If I had been just a few moments later…

That resolve was what Y’shtola needed to keep going despite how insanely desperate she was.

Of course, just because her mind was focused on healing the wounded that didn’t mean her body was able to keep up. As Y’shtola stood up, she let out a hot spurt of pee into her already-drenched pantalettes. It dripped straight through and left a few tell-tale droplets on the ground.

Y’shtola was forced to freeze and grab herself urgently. Gratefully, the soldiers behind her were still unconscious, and could not bear witness to her pitiful display. Y’shtola looked around and blushed, but she danced in place a few moments longer before rushing off.

Hold out! Just a little longer!

Clenching her teeth, Y’shtola continued on, finding what wounded she could and tending to them. At this point, though, she was fighting against her body. She was really pushing herself past her limits, and her bladder wasn’t having any of it. It could simply hold no more, so when Y’shtola crouched down or had to climb up a particularly steep set of steps, it would do what it could to get even the slightest relief.

Small dribbles and leaks escaped, and each time Y’shtola braced herself, squeezing shut through sheer determination. Her only saving grace was that her long robes were loose enough to not soak in any of her errant leaks. Had she been wearing tights or leggings, they would definitely be showing a wet spot by now.

Still, despite how much she leaked, it did nothing to help the intense pressure still pent up inside of her. After finishing wounding a severely burned farmer, Y’shtola stood up, slipped just out of sight, and paused, squirming around, bracing herself against her staff, jamming it between her crotch as she leaned forwards against it.

By the gods… I have to pee so bad!

She was panting, not only from just trying to keep her overtaxed bladder muscles clamped together, but also from the exertions of healing. She was running out of steam, and it was becoming harder and harder to fight her own body.

Her bladder spasmed again, and Y’shtola froze, jamming the staff tighter against her crotch and practically crossing her legs around it, doubling over and squeezing her eyes shut.

Don’t pee. Don’t pee. Don’t pee. Don’t pee!

Eventually she regained some semblance of control, but not before a small dribble leaked out. Y’shtola was immediately afraid it had soaked through to the front of her robes, since they had been pressing against her soaked smallclothes. Luckily, as she reached down, she could feel no dampness, though that had been a close one.

Y’shtola still had a little bit of the residential area left to check, so now that she was somewhat in control again, she set off once more. As soon as she did, though, a familiar face appeared before her.

“Shtola? You’re here in Tuliyollal?”

Y’shtola’s ears flattened, and she let out another small leak in surprise. This one dribbled out between her legs, and Y’shtola rubbed her thighs together so the drip wouldn’t fall on the ground beneath her.

At any other time, the sight, the very presence of the Warrior of Light would’ve been a relief to her. Her face, marked by battle but somehow still fair and soft. Her form, honed and forged in the fires of battle, but still lithe and elegant. Her voice, songlike, with a hit of raspiness that tickled Y’shtola’s ears just right. Her aether, still lightly bathed in a warm glow from her harrowing experiences in the First, yet no longer blinding and unrecognizable. She could truly wax lyrical about her partner until the sun set.

Of course, as much as Y’shtola cared for her, now was just about the worst time she could’ve possibly shown up. Not objectively, of course. There were wounded to tend to and Y’shtola could use the help.

Why did it have to be now? We haven’t seen hide or tail of each other in months, and our first reunion is when I’m at my wits end dying to pee?

“I’ll explain later,” Y’shtola quickly took charge, “We need to tend to these people.”

“R-right!”

Y’shtola and the Warrior of Light rushed over to the last part of the residential area Y’shtola hadn’t checked. As they did, Y’shtola was all too aware of the Warrior of Light’s eyes on her. She realized she must be walking awkwardly due to her full bladder. Still, she was barely holding on as it was. If she forced her body upright for the sake of appearances, she would more than likely regret it.

They immediately found two groups of wounded. Some soldiers who had encountered another one of those humanoids, and a few civilians who had apparently gotten caught in the crossfire. The soldiers were clearly worse off and between the two of them, Y’shtola had always been the better healer, so she immediately rushed over to them while the Warrior of Light tended to the others.

Y’shtola once again bent down, bracing herself from the spike of pressure as she tended to the soldiers. With her back turned to the Warrior of Light and the soldiers out for the count, she allowed herself to reach her free hand down and bury it against her crotch, trying to maintain as much control as possible. She wriggled and squirmed, and her mind raced.

Hold out! I can hold out!

Once she had done what she could for the soldiers, she braced herself and slowly stood up. She kept herself hunched over, panting and bracing herself against her staff. She felt herself let out another dribble, but it simply soaked into her pantalettes and dripped onto the ground. As long as it didn’t soak into her robes.

“You okay, Shtola?” the Warrior of Light turned around, having also finished up on her end.

“Y-yes, just tired, and in need of a break,” Y’shtola admitted. Even on the verge of wetting herself, and as close as she was with her partner, she was still embarrassed to openly admit she had to pee. She was always one to keep up appearances if she could.

“I think we’re done anyway. I was going to return to the Dawn Throne and check in on things. Were you on your way there too? I still had no idea you were even in Tural!”

Y’shtola was originally invited to join Krile as a guest at the palace, so that was her final destination. Yet she knew going there now meant prolonged introductions, and an explanation for why she and G’raha were there in the first place. Y’shtola would not make it through such a meeting dry. In fact, one could argue Y’shtola had already been slowly wetting herself for some time now. She had to pee right now.

“I can explain everything later, but I really must catch my breath. I’ll catch up with you in a few minutes.”

“Sounds good,” the Warrior of Light smiled. She turned to head off, and Y’shtola immediately started planning her next course of action.

Suddenly, however, the Warrior of Light turned back around, rushing over to Y’shtola once more, and beamed, “Oh and one more thing, Shtola. I missed you.”

Y’shtola could immediately tell the Warrior of Light was going to come in for a hug, and she stiffened up. She held up her hand to stop her, and the Warrior of Light looked up in confusion.

“What’s wrong?”

“S-sorry, a hug would be…” Y’shtola blushed, doubling over as her bladder pulsed in desperation yet again, “A really bad idea right now. I need to pee. Quite badly.”

That was an understatement. Y’shtola was well beyond her limits, and the only reason why she wasn’t wetting herself right there was because her partner was standing right in front of her. Still, she couldn’t stop another leak, and this one dripped out and started running down her leg.

“Oh, OH!” the Warrior of Light blushed, “Ah, I think the nearest privy to here are the ones at the Fo’ard Cabins. Or perhaps the markets?”

“C-closer… somewhere closer, right now!” Y’shtola expressed, blushing as she grabbed herself desperately. She was far beyond maintaining any kind of composure at this point. She was out of time and options.

“Uhm, there’s a rocky area with some bushes over there that might-”

As soon as the Warrior of Light pointed and Y’shtola caught sight of the somewhat-secluded area, she immediately began hobbling there. Unfortunately, it was just too little too late. She had already been well past her limits. Her bladder was pulsing every second with a painful pressure that needed out. She was dribbling steadily now, her utterly drenched pantalettes doing nothing to stop them from leaving a trail behind her as she tried in vain to at least reach her destination.

Y’shtola’s bladder muscles totally gave out. Her bladder wasted no time forcing all the pent up urine inside of it out. Her spray soaked straight through her robes and her hands, pattering on the ground like a waterfall. It gushed out of her as she panted, bracing herself against her staff. She tried to spread her legs to save what was left of her robes and her boots, but it was too little too late.

“Shtola…!” she could hear the Warrior of Light gasp. Luckily it seemed she was the only one around. As embarrassing as it was to do this in front of her partner, if there was one person she knew wouldn’t mock or judge her for it after, it was the Warrior of Light.

Perhaps because of that thought, or perhaps because she truly just had pushed her body well past her limits, but Y’shtola totally lost herself in the pleasure of sheer relief. Her knees buckled and thighs quivered as she clenched her staff for support. She lowered her head and let out a long, breathy moan as she basked in bliss. All that pressure, all that pent-up pee, finally flowing out of her after she fought her own body for so long.

Y’shtola had never had to pee so badly in her life, but that also meant she had never felt anything like the sheer release she was feeling now. It was almost like a climax. Her whole body down from her core up her spine tingled and pulsed with warmth as the pain and pressure from her bladder slowly faded into a satisfying emptiness and a dull ache from how much she had strained herself.

Her flood continued for quite some time, and part of Y’shtola was worried she would take so long she would be caught. Thankfully, however, no one came along, and eventually her stream slowly began to taper off, until she was standing there dibbling, then dripping as she finally finished.

She was left panting there, frozen for a few more seconds before her sense returned her. Immediately a bright red blush lit up across her face.

“S-sorry, I suppose I didn’t quite make it,” Y’shtola admitted bashfully, turning back towards the Warrior of Light.

“I… can tell,” the Warrior of Light was staring at the sizable puddle on the ground, and Y’shtola’s utterly drenched robes, “I mean, sorry! What I mean is… are you alright?”

“I just wet myself like a young child in front of my partner, the proof of which is now soaked into my drenched robes for all to see,” Y’shtola crossed her arms, unable to avoid a little bit of snark, “But aside from that? Yes, quite alright. Feeling much better, actually.”

“Uh, alright, you should get cleaned up before we go back to the palace. I can take you to my inn room. I have the key so we can slip by without going through the lobby.”

“Thank you,” Y’shtola nodded.

“Also uh… don’t worry about it. Wetting yourself, I mean. It happens. Sometimes we push ourselves a bit too far for too long. You were helping heal people, so of course you were going to prioritize them over yourself.”

“Yes, well, in truth, I can’t say that’s the full story,” Y’shtola admitted. As embarrassing as it was to admit, she wasn’t about to boast to the Hero of Eorzea that she had only gotten to this point out of purely selfless reasons, “Though, I’d rather not discuss that now, especially not here.”

“Understandable. Let’s get going before anyone does come by,” thee Warrior of Light urged. Y’shtola nodded, and the two got going.

“Oh, by the way, this stays between us. Tell not a single other soul.”

“Of course! In fact, I can head back to the palace first while you’re getting cleaned up. Our early meet-up can be our little secret!”

“I think that might be for the best, I should also probably go check on G’raha to see if he’s met up with Krile yet. Assuming he’s not already at the palace.”

“G’raha’s here too?”

“Don’t worry, we’ll explain everything later,” Y’shtola reassured her.

As they walked, she allowed herself a smile in spite of what happened.

“Oh and, one last thing. I didn’t get to say it earlier, but… I missed you too.”

