It's a Long Way to the Capital -- A Re:Zero Story Starring Emilia

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2023-12-05 05:49

Yet another commission from @Zenkopan

, this time it's a Re:Zero story where Emilia is trapped in a caravan on the road with nowhere to go, and doesn't want to ask them to stop just for her! I hope you enjoy~

A Long Way to the Capital

Emilia shuffled as she glanced around nervously, thighs pressed together as she stood around. Around her, carts and tents were set up hastily for the night, and nearby Subaru and the others, along with a group of knights, were helping prepare dinner. Around them the forest stirred, and guards were patrolling around to ensure the safety of the group. None of them had really wanted to stop here in the middle of the night, but it was a two-day trip to the capital, and everyone needed rest.

Emilia waited for the perfect chance to slip away, hobbling as she avoided catching the attention of the guards. Beyond rest, Emilia desperately needed to pee. They had been traveling all day and she hadn’t wanted to ask them to stop for her, and in general she was too embarrassed to voice her needs. Even after they stopped, she wanted to help set up camp, and so she continued to hold it until they were well-situated.

Now, however, she was at her limit. Wanting to avoid an awkward confession of how badly she needed to pee, she made sure no one saw her as she slinked deeper into the woods. She didn’t want to go too far, since the forest was not the safest place for her to be right now, but she wanted to make sure she was far enough away from the camp that no one would catch her in the act.

Jamming a hand between her legs as she walked, Emilia frantically searched for a well-covered area. She couldn’t be too picky with where she went. If she tried to find the perfect spot, she knew she’d wind up leaking. Instead, Emilia picked a relatively large tree with some bushes around the base that would cover her enough. She shuffled over to it eagerly and danced in place as she struggled with her dress, hiking it up and slipping her panties out of the way before squatting down.

As soon as she relaxed her muscles, the dams burst, and a hot, hissing stream burst out of her. It arched slightly as it struck the tree in front of her, making splattering sounds as it splashed off the bark and ran down, trickling in rivulets over the roots.

Emilia couldn’t help but close her eyes and throw her head back, letting out a soft sigh as she finally emptied her full bladder. She thought back to earlier that day. They hadn’t stopped since noon, so she had been holding it since at least then. She felt her muscles quiver and her legs waver from the relief, and she had to reach out and brace herself against a branch to avoid stumbling over mid-pee.

As she continued to pee, she looked down and blushed at the large puddle she was leaving behind. It was impressive, like a small lake streaming out from inside of her and spreading out in all directions. Not even the dirt could soak it all up as she continued to flood the forest floor around her.

After what felt like minutes, her stream finally tapered off, and Emilia threw her head back once again, pushing out the last drops from her bladder and basking in sheer relief. Suddenly, however, she heard distant footsteps, and she panicked. She jumped up and quickly fixed her dress, careful to step around the large puddle at her feet, and then ran off, wanting to put as much distance between herself and her puddle as she could.

The footsteps grew closer even as Emilia ran, but she also heard a comforting voice.

“Emilia!”

It was Subaru calling for her, sounding worried. She blushed. He must’ve noticed she was gone. She followed the sound of his voice and she saw him burst out from behind one of the trees, panic clear on his face.

“Emilia! There you are! Are you alright?” Subaru asked.

“Y-yes, thank you,” Emilia blushed.

“What happened? When I went to call you for dinner, you were nowhere to be seen. What were you doing out here?”

“A-ah, sorry, I just…” Emilia blushed furiously. She didn’t want to openly admit to Subaru that she had been out here relieving herself, “I just wanted to stretch my legs! We were in those dragon carriages all day, after all!”

“That’s true, but the forest is dangerous,” Subaru pointed out, “You should’ve asked me to come with you, if you wanted to go for a walk!”

Emilia blushed deeper, “Y-yeah, I’ll ask next time, sorry.”

Her mind reeled at the thought of asking Subaru to accompany her next time. Her mind flooded with images of him standing guard as she squatted behind the tree, knowing full well he could hear everything. It was already bad enough that she had to resort to going out in the woods in the first place, but doing so with Subaru there would be humiliating.

As Emilia followed Subaru back into camp, she tried to push those thoughts to the back of her mind and just enjoy the fact that her bladder was now empty. By the time they had all eaten and it was time for bed, Emilia had all but pushed the idea out of her mind, but a part of her was still flush with embarrassment, and as she fell asleep, she worried her mind would be filled with weird dreams.

###

The next morning, Emilia awoke from a restful sleep. She was grateful that her fears of odd dreams about peeing did not come to fruition. As she stretched and got up, however, she felt a slight twinge in her bladder. Normally, she liked to pee right before bed, but not wanting to worry Subaru or the others further, she had gone to bed without another trip into the woods. Still, thankfully her need wasn’t super urgent, and she was hoping she’d get another chance to slip off before the caravan set out for the day.

After changing from her nightgown to her normal attire, Emilia packed up her stuff and emerged from her tent to see the rest of the camp already stirring. Subaru was already taking down his tent. The other knights were helping pack supplies back into the dragon carts, and the drivers were already stirring the dragons awake, feeding them and coaxing them up to the carts.

Rem and Ram were over by the fire, preparing breakfast, and Emilia joined them as she continued to watch Subaru struggle with his tent.

“Here, Lady Emilia,” Rem presented her with a bowl of porridge and a glass of fruit juice, which Emilia took eagerly. Realizing her mouth was parched after just waking up, Emilia downed the juice quickly, and Rem moved to refill it with a pitcher she had in her hand.

“There’s tea as well, if you wish,” Rem offered, even as she refilled Emilia’s glass with juice, “I was in a hurry though, so it might not be as good as usual.”

“That’s fine, thank you,” Emilia smiled. She looked around and watched as the others took down the tents around them and packed them into the caravan, “Everyone’s eager to get going it seems.”

“Yes,” Ram nodded, “It’s quite dangerous here, so it’s good if we get moving as soon as possible.”

Emilia nodded, eating quickly so she could join the others in helping them pack up the dragon carts. As she finished her bowl of porridge and reached for her drinks, she felt another nag from her bladder and glanced around nervously. She wasn’t sure if she’d be able to slip off again before they set out.

Emilia finished up the juice, trying not to think about what would happen later when that liquid hit her bladder, and stood up. Rem reached over to grab her some tea, but Emilia shook her head politely.

“Maybe later. I want to help around the camp.”

She also didn’t want to drink any more liquid right now, but she wasn’t going to admit that openly to Rem right now. Emilia glanced around, trying to see if she could slip off like she had last night, but with everyone running around and packing up the carts, she was sure to be seen. Not to mention that, unlike last night when she had the cover of darkness, the sun was shining brightly. Any attempts to slip off would be caught by Subaru or the other knights, and considering how they were all allied around her, she was sure she’d get chewed out for wandering off on her own.

She pressed her thighs together. Luckily, her urge was still more of a background nagging sensation. She could hold it for a bit. Emilia nodded to herself, and then true to her word, she walked over to where the knights were packing up the largest tents and offered her assistance.

With her’s and everyone else’s help, it wasn’t long before all the carts were packed up, everyone was well-fed, and the dragons were hooked up. Everyone definitely seemed raring to go, especially since they still had a full-day’s travel ahead of them if they wanted to make the Capital. Emilia felt another twinge from her bladder and cast a longing glance to the woods. She hadn’t been able to slip off earlier, but now with everyone ready to set off, it would be impossible to go without openly admitting her needs. She blushed and glanced towards Subaru, shuffling back and forth as if she was going to muster up the courage to ask.

Suddenly, however, Ram’s eyes widened, and she turned her attention to the forest around them.

“I sense people coming. Bandits. We should get going, now!”

“R-right!” Everyone shouted.

“Lady Emilia, are you ready to go?” one of the knights called.

Emilia cast one last glance to the forest before nodding. She didn’t really have much of a choice now. She was quickly ushered into one of the dragon carts as everyone piled into the caravan. They had all been ready to go, so with one loud cry, they set off, the dragons quickly carrying them away from their would-be assaulters.

Emilia glanced back. She didn’t have Ram’s senses, so she couldn’t tell if they were still closing in or if they had given up as soon as they started moving, but either way, they were on the road now, leaving only the traces of the camp behind.

Now, however, it started to sink in that Emilia had missed her chance to properly relieve herself, something made all the more clear as she felt her bladder nagging her as she was jostled in the back of the dragon cart. She pressed her thighs together and bit her lip, glancing down at her abdomen.

It’s okay. We’ll probably stop for lunch before too long. I can go then. I’ll just have to hold it through the morning. I should be fine, since I don’t have to go that bad…

Even as Emilia thought that, however, she felt the juice she drank from that morning slowly making its way to her bladder. She tried to push the sensation to the back of her mind as she glanced out the windows, watching the trees rush past as the dragons pulled the caravan forward at an impressive pace.

It was certainly some consolation to Emilia that the dragon carts were so fast. If they made it to a good stopping point before noon, they might get to stop early. Then again, a lot of the knights she was traveling with were eager to return to the Capital, and she was sure if it were entirely up to them, they’d travel all day without rest. Emilia’s bladder shuddered at the thought. While she wasn’t desperate, her need was definitely present already. There was no way she could hold it until the evening when they would reach the Capital.

Emilia tried to focus on more important things, like thinking about their mission, and fighting the Witch Cult, but every time she tried to concentrate, the jostling of the dragon cart sent nagging waves straight through her bladder, and her mind was brought back to that morning. It would’ve probably been better for her to just ask Rem or Ram to accompany her to relieve herself, both to avoid her the embarrassment of having to ask Subaru, but also to spare her the discomfort of the current ride.

Her particular cart was about as fancy and comfortable as you could get without sacrificing practicality and speed, with cushioned seats, privacy curtains, and plenty of storage in the compartment below. Of course, a dragon cart was a dragon cart, and fancy or no, there was nothing to be done about the rough bumps and dips in the dirt roads that ran through the forest.

Despite the fact that she had just woken up less than an hour ago, part of Emilia wished she could fall back asleep. She always found carriage rides to be tiring, even when she wasn’t dealing with the slowly growing urge to pee, and in the absence of anyone to converse with, it would help pass the time. Now, however, Emilia wasn’t sure if here bladder would let her.

She leaned her head back against the cushioned seat of the carriage and tried to get into a comfortable position despite her bladder. She relaxed her thighs and immediately her bladder sent her a nagging wave, and Emilia immediately clamped them back together. She tried crossing her legs, but contrary to her intentions, that only wound up putting more pressure on her bladder from her raised leg.

Finally, she raised one leg up onto the seat and pulled the other leg up over it, in a half-crossed position where her thighs were both together. She shifted into the corner of the carriage seat and leaned back to take pressure off her bladder and closed her eyes. Of course, she could still feel the building pressure in her abdomen, and now with nothing visual to focus on, she was only more acutely aware of her needs. She tried to push them to the back of her mind, but just as she was starting to push the nagging urge out of her mind, the carriage struck another bump, and the wave sent the contents of her bladder sloshing around. She bit her lip and clamped her thighs together, rubbing them up and down as she let out a sigh.

Emilia continued to try to fall asleep, but to no avail. Every time she felt herself start to drift off, either she’d feel her bladder muscles relax and be forced to clamp back down and squirm in her seat, or a bump would send a wave of pressure through her abdomen. She stubbornly tried to will her body to fall asleep anyway, but eventually she was forced to give up. Emilia straightened herself up in her seat again, rubbing her knees together as she glanced out the window. The trees were growing sparser as the caravan grew closer to the edge of the forest, and Emilia watched them pass as she pushed her urge once again to the back of her mind. Ironically, now that Emilia was no longer trying to fall asleep, she found her need much easier to ignore.

Emilia was able to find some semblance of comfort as she zoned out and watched as the caravan finally emerged from the forest. She looked out across the rolling fields as they headed down onto the main road. It definitely helped that they were now traveling on a much flatter, less bumpy path. She was able to slowly watch the sun get higher in the sky, bringing them closer to noon. She hoped they would stop soon.

Emilia then realized something. Now that they were out of the forest, even if they did stop, there would be very little cover for her to slip off and relieve herself. She bit her lip, regretting not going earlier even more now. Still, there had to be something they could do. Maybe they would set up a privacy tent with a chamberpot. It wasn’t ideal, but Emilia would take that over peeing out in the open.

Soon, the sun was high in the sky, and Emilia glanced through the curtains to see any signs that the caravan was preparing to stop soon. Unfortunately, the dragon carts were all just charging forwards like they had been all morning, with no signs of slowing down. Emilia frowned and shifted back into her seat, waiting somewhat impatiently as she rubbed her thighs together. Her bladder was definitely filling up, and the fact that she hadn’t gotten to go that morning was doing her no favors.

Even as the sun reached its peak and began to sink as they moved into the early afternoon, there was still no signs of the caravan making preparations to stop. Emilia’s bladder protested with the strongest wave of pressure that had hit her so far, and Emilia instinctively jammed a hand between her legs as she leaned over and wriggled in place. She had to cross and uncross her legs as she fought back against the tide inside her. She was glad for the privacy curtains preventing anyone from seeing her desperate squirming as she waited for the wave to pass. Once it had, and she had recovered, Emilia bit her lip and opened the window to the front so she could address the driver of the dragon cart.

“E-excuse me, but do you happen to know when we’ll be stopping for lunch?”

The driver gave Emilia a confused look before realization spread across his face, “O-oh, right, you were asleep when we discussed the plans for today.”

“What do you mean?” Emilia asked worriedly.

“We decided that the best course of action would be to make a hard push for the Capital, to avoid any conflicts with the Witch Cult,” the driver answered, “We all agreed it would be best not to make any more stops.”

“O-oh,” Emilia’s heart sank.

“Ah, but if you’re hungry, Lady Emilia, there should be food and drink stored in the compartment on the floor, along with other comfort measures.”

“T-thank you,” Emilia nodded before closing the window and sitting down. As soon as she had, she pressed a hand between her legs and glanced around in silent panic. The situation had gone from bad to worse. She just thought she would have to hold out until lunch time, but now she had to somehow make it all the way to the Capital before she got a chance to pee.

Emilia rubbed her abdomen, gauging the fullness of her bladder. It was already quite full. She really wasn’t sure if she could hold it that long, and either way, it would be an uncomfortable, torturous ride.

Maybe I should speak up? N-no, there’s no way I can do that now. If I have them stop the whole caravan, they’re going to want to know why. I’d have to let everyone know I have to pee.

Emilia blushed furiously at the thought. There was no way she could do something like that. She would just have to hold it until they made it to the Capital, or otherwise stopped for some other reason.

The prospect did not make her bladder happy, and it sent a nagging wave of pressure through her. It was nothing like the one that had hit her before she found out they wouldn’t be stopping for lunch, but it was still enough to make her squirm uncomfortably. She squeezed her thighs together tightly and shuffled in her seat, waiting for the urge to subside, if only slightly.

Once it did, Emilia let out a light sigh and then swallowed. She felt a dry scratchiness in her throat. Unfortunately, despite having to pee, she was also growing quite parched. Reluctantly, she bent down, something that did her full bladder no favors, and reached into the storage container built into the floor. Like the rest of her carriage, it was quite fancy, with leather lining the wood compartment. It was stuffed with a bunch of supplies in boxes, as well as some blankets folded up neatly in one corner.

Emilia bounced in her crouched position as she quickly rummaged through the supplies before finding the food. It was clearly packed for long-term storage, consisting of dried and preserved fruits and meat, as well as a sealed container of fresh water.

Emilia removed some food and the water from the compartment before closing it. As soon as she had what she was looking for, she bolted upright, trying to take the pressure off her bladder. She danced around in place before sitting back down and reluctantly opening the jug of water. As Emilia took a swig, she felt her bladder react almost instantly to the sounds of sloshing and the feeling of the water sliding down her throat and into her stomach. She knew eventually it would only make her desperation worse, but she needed to stay hydrated.

She slipped a hand down between her legs and squirmed as she quenched her thirst, and as soon as her throat felt better, Emilia stopped and set the jug back down. She then turned her attention to her food. While she had mostly been waiting for lunch so she could finally pee, she had grown quite hungry on their journey. The least she could do was satisfy one need, even as the other nagged at her constantly.

After lunch, Emilia’s mind then turned to how she would possibly hold it until they got to the capital. She knew that even without stopping for lunch, it was nearly an all-day trip, and it wasn’t like she started the journey on an empty bladder. Gauging the sun’s position in the sky, it was still early into the afternoon. That meant that her much-needed relief was quite a ways away. How much longer did she have to hold it? Two hours? Three hours? ‘

Emilia squirmed and held herself openly. Before, she regretted hopping into her carriage alone without Subaru or the twins to keep her company, but now that she was desperate, she was grateful the others weren’t here to watch her squirm and struggle. She could hold herself openly in private and shuffle around as much as she needed to without worrying about them catching on.

As the caravan continued along the road, Emilia found it harder and harder to avoid her ever-filling bladder. It was starting to swell and bulge out beneath her dress as she nursed and rubbed it with her hand. Even with the more smooth road they were traveling, each bump sent a wave of pressure through her abdomen, and she had to press down and squeeze her legs together to keep the flood contained. She was about at the point where she had been last night when she had desperately sauntered off to relieve herself in the woods. The only difference was now, there was no relief in sight, and she would still have to hold it.

Emilia struggled and danced in her seat as she impatiently waited, glancing out the windows. The usual fast pace of the dragon carts was now painfully slow as she desperately wished they would get there faster, or time would pass. Instead, the sun held stubbornly in the sky, and even as fast as they were traveling, they were still hours away from the Capital.

Suddenly, the cart ran over a dip in the road, and the whole carriage shook. Emilia let out a gasp and jammed both of her hands between her legs as she felt her bladder spasm from the impact. She scrunched her legs up and squeezed her eyes shut, desperately fighting back against her body as she felt like she was about to leak.

No! No no no!

She grabbed herself even harder, begging herself to hold it in, and miraculously she managed to regain control without leaking into her panties. Unfortunately, the fact that she came away from this wave dry was of little comfort. The fact that she had to pee this bad already, and that a bump like that could nearly make her leak, meant that Emilia had very little chance of making it to the capital dry.

Emilia bit her lip and turned to the window. Should she ask them to stop? The idea of the whole caravan knowing she had to pee was embarrassing, but that was certainly better than wetting herself. Blushing and letting out a sigh, Emilia hobbled over and opened up the window to the driver again.

“Um, excuse me, but do you think we can stop?” Emilia asked.

“Hm? Why?” the driver asked.

“Ah, well, you see, I kind of… need to use the restroom,” Emilia finally admitted, trying to straighten herself up and downplay her urge.

“Oh, I see,” the driver looked forward, “How urgent is it? Do you think you can hold it? We’re only about an hour away from the Capital, and otherwise we’d have to stop the whole caravan.”

“A-ah, no, it’s not that bad!” Emilia blushed. She was mortified now for having asked, and the idea that they were close to the Capital definitely put her on the spot. She closed the window and hobbled back to her seat, face completely red.

Unfortunately, while all her courage had left her to ask them to stop, her desperation hadn’t, and while they were only an hour away at this point, that still felt far out of reach for Emilia and her bursting bladder.

She squirmed around desperately and bit her lip, both hands jammed between her legs as she rocked back and forth in her seat. She felt like a little girl with how openly and obviously she was dancing around, in desperate need to pee, but it was all she could do to stay dry.

Emilia waited impatiently, trying to hold out the final stretch before the Capital, but the truth was her bladder was filling steadily, and she was quickly reaching her limits. As she danced in her seat, she felt another strong wave hit her, this one entirely unprompted. She leaned back and wriggled her legs around, trying to keep any pressure off her bladder as she clamped down hard with both hands, her fingers digging into her crotch.

Despite her best efforts, she felt a few drops leak out into her panties, and even though she managed to stem the flow before she leaked any more, Emilia knew she was out of time. She glanced around frantically, searching for any solution before she utterly wet herself and the carriage seat beneath her. Her eye first fell upon the jug of water from earlier. It was a large jug, but it was still mostly filled with water. There was no way she could drink it all, and even if she could, she would likely wet herself in the process before the container was empty. She could use it now, but all she’d be doing is contaminating an otherwise clean container filled with fresh water.

Her mind then turned to the compartment. Could she find something else in there she could use? Emilia didn’t have time to think through it. She bent down and opened it up. Unfortunately, as soon as she did, the pressure her bent position put on her bladder spiked her desperation, and she felt herself let out another few drops into her panties. Emilia tried to hold herself with one hand as the other tried to search around for any empty pots or other containers, but as her bladder protested and spasmed again, Emilia knew she was out of time. She quickly threw the boxes and other containers out of the way, trying to empty out the compartment as best as she could.

Unfortunately, Emilia felt herself leak again, and she realized she wouldn’t be able to finish clearing out the compartment before the floodgates opened. Reluctantly, she moved everything else over to one side and then hiked her skirt up, barely having enough time to slide her panties out of the way before the dams utterly burst.

With her bladder painfully swollen and her body at her physical limits, her stream shot out, nearly missing the container in an arch before Emilia had a chance to adjust her aim. The strong stream hissed and pattered loudly against the leather bottom of the compartment. Had it not been lined, her stream likely would’ve soaked into the wood, but as it was it pooled quickly on the surface of the non-absorbent material.

Emilia realized the puddle she was making would soon spread across the whole bottom, and reach the supplies she wasn’t able to remove before she lost control, but there was no way she could stop her stream now. She closed her eyes and threw her head back in bliss as she felt the first waves of relief replacing the uncomfortable pressure, even as her full bladder still bulged out.

Slowly though, the bulge subsided, as well as the pressure, as Emilia’s stream filled up the container. The sound changed from a patter to splashing as the bottom filled and pooled with her pee, and for a moment Emilia could convince herself she was peeing into a squat toilet or an outhouse. Unfortunately, this feeling was short-lived as she realized her puddle had grown and began to soak up into the boxes and other containers in the compartment. Not only that, but some of her splashback had landed on the blankets and left dark speckles on them. She blushed and tried to ignore it as she continued to empty her bladder into the compartment.

Finally, her stream tapered off, and she inspected the damage. The entire bottom of the container was filled with a layer of pee, still hot and steaming as it had just left her. The bottoms of many of the containers and some sacks of supplies were soaked with her urine, and while the blankets had been on the far corner from where her puddle started, they were now starting to drink it up as the absorbent material acted as a wick.

Emilia found some toilet paper in the supplies, likely meant for any roadside pit stops, and used it to wipe herself off. She dropped it directly where she had peed, hoping it would help soak up her puddle more before it soaked further into the supplies, but it did very little as the thin material quickly soaked through and nearly disappeared. She blushed as she slid the compartment closed. The boxes and supplies seemed dark enough that, even soaked in her pee, they didn’t show much, which was all the better, because Emilia wasn’t sure how she would sneak back in to deal with this later.

As Emilia settled back into her seat, she tried to ignore thinking about what she had just done, avoiding eye-contact with the closed compartment as much as possible. Next time, she would definitely have to avoid starting a long journey without emptying her bladder first, even if it meant admitting her needs.

The End

