CASTLE FANFICTION - Beckett's Day of Desperation

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-10-24 19:22

**Anyone remember Castle? Ended a few years ago. Here's a little fan story since I can't seem to find more that take place in this universe and with Kate Beckett.**

Captain Kate Beckett of the NYPD woke up that morning with her husband, Rick Castle next to her. Both naked as they kissed. She got up and waved her beautiful brown hair around, and then walked off to the bathroom. She watched Castle as she knew he admired her thin, tan body. Today was her day off and nothing would ruin it. She and her husband would spend the day together.

As she brushed her teeth her cell phone started to buzz. She picked it up and answered. “This is Beckett.”

“Beckett, hey,” it was Esposito. “Look Cap, I know it’s your day off, but we got a situation.”

“Esposito, honestly Castle and I solve every case with you guys down there every week. You’re a Lieutenant now. You can handle it. Get Ryan to help you.”

“That’s just the thing. Ryan is in trouble!”

Beckett dropped her toothbrush. In this type of job, she knew there were risks and dangers. She had seen cops die on the job. But Ryan was one of her friends as well. She was worried. “What happened to Ryan?”

“He was undercover in that drug cartel.”

“Esposito, you were supposed to be the one to go undercover! Ryan’s not even Hispanic-looking.”

“That might be why they checked him extra hard and found the mic we put under his tongue. The cartel called us and said they want every piece of evidence we got on them, or else Ryan gets it.”

Beckett rubbed her hand down her face. So much for a day off. “Give me twenty minutes. I’ll be down at the station. Have everything circumstantial copied on paper as evidence and in boxes in case this comes down to more.” She ran into the bedroom as she slipped her panties and bra on. Both brown and delicious. “Castle we-.” She stopped stunned as her husband laid in a Greek-art like position and winked at her with breakfast on a plate in front of his crotch. “Babe, maybe later. Ryan’s in trouble.”

“I swear, seriously?” Castle said as he got up. “They can’t solve one case on their own?”

“Exactly!” Beckett agreed. Castle used the bathroom as Beckett got dressed. She slipped on tight blue jeans, black boots with heels, a black t-shirt, and dark leather jacket over it. They head out…and Beckett did NOT release her morning pee.

By the time they got to the station Beckett felt a cramp in her lower belly. “Crap!” she said. Her morning pee still filled most of her bladder. She felt that warm discomfort that pushed against her waist.

“Beckett!” Esposito said as he ran over. He handed her a file. “Here’s everything in summary uniforms picked up at the warehouse they’re holding Ryan at.”

Beckett studied the summary as her legs closed together tight and one foot on its toes. Her butt cheeks made a nice shape in those jeans as one could tell the movements from holding. “Let’s head out. Call SWAT to meet us there and take cover.”

“Got it!” Esposito said. He went off.

Beckett turned to Castle. “Ok, babe, I need to take a quick bathroom break before we go or I’m going to burst on the job. Wait for me.” She gave him a kiss and ran to the lady’s room. She saw the closed door that covered multiple stalls and toilets behind it to give her relief. She smiled from the joy of that knowledge but as she pushed the door it would not budge. “What the?” She gave a harder push, but nothing happened. She inhaled and puffed her facial cheeks out as the strain pushed on her bladder and made it more likely to leak into her pants. Little did Beckett know there were two cops in there smoking some of the devil’s lettuce. She knocked on the door and bounced in place. “Excuse me, is anyone in there?”

“Beckett, time to go!” Castle yelled.

She moaned. “Ohhh!” She followed Castle out the door.

They stopped at the warehouse which was on a harbor near the lake. Everyone got out and Esposito set up the SWAT team behind cargo boxes and told them to await orders from the Cap.

Beckett meanwhile could barely get out of the car. Her bladder had held in a night’s worth of pee, so the muscles around it were tired and sore. She held her belly and took a deep breath as she struggled to balance herself up. The pain was pulse after pulse that ruptured her whole stomach in a boiling sensation. Not to mention the anxiety she felt of having an accident in front of her husband, friends, and every cop she was the boss off.

“Beckett, you okay?” Castle asked.

She did not want to hear any smartass jokes about her need to pee. Even though she REALLY had to. “I’m…urr…I’m fine.” Her voice was breathless. “Let’s get to work.”

Esposito had his tech girl hack into the security cameras of the warehouse. They had full footage of everything inside. And everyone. “My boy Ryan!” Esposito said worried.

Detective Ryan was strapped to a chair and clearly beaten up. Blood fell from his nose. They heard him say, “You cartel clowns can do what you want.” He spat blood at them. “I don’t even have a wife or kids anymore. You might as well pop me.”

Beckett covered her mouth. Poor Ryan. Then without thinking, her muscles clenched as a warm drop of pee started to break through. Bekett HAD to get this job done, or she would have a humiliating accident in front of everyone. Her tight jean legs crossed over each other. Her arms crossed over her torso and she bit her lip as she bounced a little.

“Cap, what should we do?” Esposito asked.

Beckett felt like there was so much pee that built up inside of her weakened body that her ears were clogged. She could barely concentrate on Esposito’s words as the pulses in her bladder became faster and harder.

“Captain!” Esposito said.

“Um,” Beckett said. “Let’s um…move the SWAT in separate small teams and place at each of the three exits of the warehouse. I want uniforms armed with rifles behind those cargo boxes there since they are far enough to be protected if something goes down. Then-.” Beckett stopped. She tried to clench every muscle together to fight against the extreme urge that was overcoming her. Who was she kidding? Beckett was fighting a losing battle. Sweat formed on the poor police captain’s forehead from the pain and nerves.

“Beckett?” Castle asked. “Is that all? We have to hurry?”

“I set everyone up as you asked,” Esposito said. “But we can’t just barge in there.”

Beckett could barely think. But the noticed something on the surveillance footage. A BATHROOM! Opened with a complete toilet and everything. Becket could feel her belly had become expanded over her waist at the bottom of her shirt. She said, “I’m going to go inside and cause a distraction. I’ll be fine, I’ve been through worse. When you see my hands go up, that’s my signal to send everyone in. Ok?”

“Got it!” Esposito said.

Beckett felt herself pulled back by Castle. He said, “Kate, you can’t do this! There’s four armed guys in there, they’ll kill you!”

Beckett gave him a big kiss on the lips, and little Richard below stood up to salute Captain Becket. “I’ll be fine babe.” She ran off…with her legs turned inwards at the knees and stumbled side to side to keep her pee in.

Beckett made her way in, and saw it. THE BATHROOM. She almost cried at the sight of her relief. She did not care if the others saw her go in on the footage, they’ll just think she’s hiding. She walked over to the toilet careful, but her desperation grew as she felt like she would pop at any second.

“Stop right there!” a cartel member said. Beckett turned and saw the gun pointed at her. “You’re coming with me.” He pulled her over to where Ryan was and they tied her up on a chair.

Then, Beckett noticed a broken pipe nearby that leaked into a puddle on the ground. She saw and heard every drop which added on to an already desperate situation.

“Oh,” she moaned. More drops. Her teeth jittered and her body shook. Her body fluids flowed through her and in her bladder as they expanded it so much her pants button almost came off. Her moans were strained and high-pitched.

“What’s going on with you?” a cartel member asked.

Beckett could not hear or see straight her pain was so bad. Her fear of wetting herself in front of everyone. Everything she worked so hard for years to build her reputation, it could be destroyed in a single wetting. Her legs crossed and motioned up and down in the air as her feet no longer touched the ground. NO. This could NOT happen to her. She felt the pee close to breaking through. She tightened her crossed legs as much as she could. Tears fell from her eyes.

“Beckett what’s wrong?” Ryan asked.

SHE HAD TO PEE SO BAD!!!!!!! Her brown panties tightened across her enlarged crotch and swollen bladder. She felt a bad wedgie as the back of her panties went up her butt. This can’t be happening. She thought. Gonna…gonnnnnna…burst!

“Hey everyone!” yelled Castle who ran in the room holding a copy of his new book. “Anyone want an autograph. He opened the book and a small explosion shot out and suddenly the room filled with white smoke.

“EVERYONE GET DOWN!” the SWAT and police yelled. They ran in and took three of the four cartel members down in cuffs fast. One of them ran.

Beckett saw him running by, so she pushed her weight over and knocked herself tied to the chair onto the ground. The cartel member tripped over her and fell. “Yes!” Beckett said. The smoke started to clear, and like destiny she was in perfect view of the toilet. “Finally.”

But then Castle, who for some reason felt the need to always play hero jumped on the tripped cartel member. From that the cartel member accidentally shot off his gun and the bullets hit the sink and toilet and caused them to crack and break into pieces completely.

“DAMN IT!” Beckett yelled. She kicked her feet back in despair and turned red as she fought off the almost release. There it was. Her chance at relief destroyed. “What am I gonna do now?!??!” she cried, worried. Her legs crossed hard and pulled up to her chest.

Her cops cut her loose. She got up and knew then and there she did not have much time left. Her bladder was giving out. She clenched her legs in place as a spurt escaped. Her hands went to her crotch as she ran out. Maybe there was a porta potty nearby. She saw construction crews before. She felt like the pee filled her whole body and was pushing out of all parts, but mostly at her belly. "I'm about to pee my pants!"

Back in the warehouse, Castle picked up a bazooka. Property of the cartel. “Awesome!” he said. He did not mean to push anything, he was just looking…but…

Beckett saw it, a porta potty. It was even opened to show no occupant inside. She ran past the media that showed up and were with her cops, but then as her joy peaked, something flew by her face and brushed her hair over it. BOOOOOMM!!!! The porta potty had exploded. Beckeet looked behind her and saw Esposito take the bazooka from Castle. She turned back and tears fell from her eyes and her dropped jaw trembled. But the explosion also jolted her body with fear and caused loss of control. Media surrounded the Police Captain for a word, her fellow cops as well. But then, “No, no, no, NOOOO!” As tight as she held her crotch and kept her legs closed, it was no use.

Just like the porta potty and warehouse toilet, Beckett’s bladder blew up and shattered inside and released a long, boiling, stream of pee out of her body and into her pants. She remained trying to hold back with one hand at the crotch, but her jeans became damper and darken. Her other hand covered her mouth as she cried huge tears from embarrassment and turned bright red. It was only a short time before the peeing flooded her panties and released down into her jeans more and more.

Pee came from the bottom of her pants and leaked all over her boots, and formed a large yellow puddle around her as the news media took pictures and recorded it on video. Beckett went to the bathroom in her pants. The whole city would see this later! It would be all over online. Her reputation was dead. She felt so uncomfortable as her hand was drenched and her jeans almost entirely dark. She gagged as her stomach pumped the rest out into her clothes unlike any adult at all. Her belly and bladder (what was left of them) were relieved, but she could not enjoy as she was was humiliated.

Beckett cried, “I…. I…AHH!” She covered her face with her hands and ran from the area. Angry and red that this happened.

“Hmm,” Castle said. “I should use this in a novel.”

THE END.

*002*2017-10-25 16:42

Thanks

*004*2018-04-28 01:10

Anyone else got anything to say? Lol

