Asumi's desperate challenges

Author: relddot

*000*2022-01-10 21:33

Warnings for the first chapter: Female point of view, Sexual themes, Omorashi.

1. The first challenge

“So, what now?” I asked, spinning around in my chair to take a look at Fujioka-kun’s eyes, but saw that he was still on his phone. “Hey?”I poked at him. “I’m done with my homework and I’m all yours.”

Fujioka raised a brow at me, but not really looking up from his phone. “Uh-huh? How about a challenge then?”

“A challenge?” I asked, perking up while trying to peek at his phone but he covered it with his hand and then he finally looked at me.

“I want you to get the largest bottle you have and fill it with water,” he said.

“Okay,” I said and went straight to it, skipping and humming along the way, not really knowing what he had in mind. We had the whole night together and I had been waiting for this for a long time.

Mom had left a note on the fridge starting with “To Asumi…” about the leftovers or what I could cook for myself tonight. I felt a little guilty as I read it while filling the bottle, having promised not to bring anyone over. If she knew I had brought a boy over I would be in so much trouble. At least she did know Fujioka-kun from when I was little and I think she knew his mom too, so it wasn’t like I had brought home a random guy off the street.

I stood and looked at him after I had filled the bottle, admiring his light hair, blue eyes and then he looked up at me nodding his pretty, handsome face, “Now drink it all up.”

“The whole thing?” I looked at him skeptically. It was a 2 liter bottle, the largest one I could find. I wasn’t even that thirsty and I had heard drinking too much water could be bad for you. “That’s a lot.”

“Take your time,” he said and turned away from me, looking at his phone again. “And change into something. You’re not in school anymore.”

“Okay.” I figured he wanted me to change into something cute. I opened my wardrobe and started to unbutton my uniform, smiling at him.

At first I was a little apprehensive about changing right next to him, but he had already seen me in my underwear that one time at his place so I took all my clothes off, save from what he had already seen.

It turned out he wasn’t looking anyway, still obsessed with his phone. I sighed, somehow a little disappointed that he wasn’t even trying to peek on me when I was only in my bra and panties.

I thought about what to wear and settled on my new pajama set. Mom never let me buy anything remotely scandalous or even too cute, but nightware was an exception. I guess she figured nobody was going to see me in those anyway.

The pajama set was in itself pretty innocent but the shorts were so small and short, that they almost made it seem I was wearing just a t-shirt and panties. If the shirt had been longer you wouldn’t have been able to tell I was wearing any pants at all, instead it went just right above my belly button. Mom would have never let me keep an outfit like this normally, probably thinking of how all the guys would stare at me.

I didn’t get that kind of reaction from Fujioka-kun though, he seemed more interested in his phone. “Are you going to bed?” he asked when he saw me and not teasingly like he wanted to join me or something, but surprised and with a tone like he thought I was going to sleep and that he should be leaving.

I covered myself up, now somewhat embarrassed. Did he not like me like this? Maybe I didn’t look cute. “No,” I said and looked away.

“Good, because you still haven’t finished your bottle.”

“Right,” I said and unscrewed the bottle cap. I took a few more sips and a big one that nearly had me cough.

I had some ideas why he wanted me to drink. Last time at his place we did something involving pee. We played around for a while first, just cuddling, but then he had me sit on the floor in just my bra and panties and told me to close my eyes. I heard him unzip his pants and I thought I was going to give him a blowjob with my eyes closed, since I’d given him one the first time when we were together, but instead I began feeling wet as he had started to pee on me.

I almost moved away as soon as it hit me, but he told me to sit still. He had told me that before and he was telling me that again and so I did as I was told. His voice was so direct I didn’t dare to move an inch and remained still as I could while I kept getting splashed. He hit my panties too and a puddle formed under me like it was me who had peed..

I was shocked and disgusted by it then, but after opening my eyes and seeing how he looked at me and how turned on he was, made me feel warm. He let me sit there for a while too, then told me I did good and could go and get cleaned up.

Nothing happened afterwards. I showered and when I got back to his room he told me I shouldn’t stay out too late. I thought he might’ve satisfied himself when I was in the shower and I was a little disappointed and I probably should’ve scolded him for not waiting for me, but to be honest I probably wouldn’t dare to.

Thinking back on it again made me realize it was sort of hot of him to use me in that way and I wouldn’t be totally against it if he wanted to do something like that again, but I also wanted more. For some reason, I wanted Fujioka to take my virginity. At least I had that idea. I didn’t know why exactly, except that he was super hot and I had known him for a long time of course, but I felt like there was more to it than that, like fate wanted that to happen. I was anyway trying to hook up with him for that reason.

So far I had only given him a blowjob and got peed on, and those things don't really count, so I hoped this challenge would lead to something more. Maybe there would be a reward in the end? The uncertainty made me a little excited so I kept drinking and decided not to try to bug him for any details. At least I knew I could trust him.

“Can you change into something else?” he asked.

“Like what?” I said, going back to my wardrobe, still a little frustrated that he didn’t find me cute in my pajamas. “Come pick something out for me then.”

He came over to my side and had a look. “Don’t you like, have some jeans?” he asked and we found an old pair that I had technically grown out of but could still squeeze into, though the fit was pretty tight.

I changed out of my pajama top too and into a new shirt that looked pretty unassuming together with my jeans. “Now what?” I asked, thinking my new clothes looked plain rather than sexy, but if that turned him on then that was fine.

After I changed, he took a long look at me and said, “I want you to wet yourself.”

I had already figured it would involve something like that and thought maybe it was my turn to return the favor. “On top of you?”

He shook his head. “No, just keep your pants on.”

“Okay,” I said, trying not to laugh. Honestly, whilte it was a bit weird, it didn’t sound that bad. I didn’t care much for these jeans anyway, and if it would turn him on I was happy to please him.

“Do you have to go now?” he asked.

“Yes,” I said. I did have to go since we got home. I avoided the bathrooms at school if I didn’t need them badly and I hadn’t used them today. Normally I would’ve used the bathroom as soon as I got home, but today I was with Fujioka-kun.

“Good, but don’t do it now. I want you to hold it as long as you can. That’s the challenge. And don’t forget to keep drinking.”

“Okay,” I said and took another sip. The bottle was big and I had a lot of drinking to do. I was sort of glad he didn’t want me to wet myself on purpose since I wasn’t sure I could do that. If I just kept drinking it would probably sort itself out.

We stood around a bit awkwardly as I tried to drink. I didn’t know how long this was going to take. I did have to pee, but it wasn’t really an emergency yet. “Maybe we could do something else first?” I suggested.

“But are you going to do it?” he asked. “You never promised me.”

“Sure, I’ll do it,” I said and sat down on my bed. “I’ll hold it as long as I can and I won’t use the bathroom. I guess I’ll pee my pants after a while.”

“Alright, let’s do something in the meantime then,” he said, seeming pleased. “Is that some video games you’ve got there?”

I had hoped we were going to cuddle on my bed or something, but instead, we started up Mario Kart on my Nintendo Switch and sat down in front of the TV. I didn’t even get to sit in his lap. He just pushed me off and said I was distracting him.

He told me he had never played Mario Kart before, but still beat me at the first tournament we ran. His drifting skills were way above a beginner’s and he did them so mechanically like he had done it a hundred times before, knowing every turn. I was reeling on my spot next to him and struggling to sit still as I tried to catch up. Having to pee made me drive worse as well and I fell from second place down to fifth in the next tournament we ran.

I kept sipping the bottle between the tracks and it was soon empty and rolling around on the floor. My bladder was definitely feeling fuller and more uncomfortable now.

“How bad do you have to go?” he asked when we saw the results screen of the second tournament.

“Pretty bad,” I said, wriggling on my spot while pressing my hand between my legs. The tight jeans put more strain on my bladder and I couldn’t really hold myself in a good way. Maybe that was the whole point.

“Good,” he said, eyeing me up and down. “Go get something else to drink.”

He really wanted me to burst, I thought as I left my room and somehow ended up outside of the bathroom. I had automatically gone there and turning away after being so close made me have to cross my legs.

I was bored of water and remember we had some orange juice in the fridge so I poured myself a big glass, bouncing from one leg to the other. I poured Fujioka a glass as well, but he refused it when I came back up, saying both were for me.

“Do you really need to go that bad already?” he asked after I had finished the first one and couldn’t handle the second.

“Yeah,” I said. “My bladder is kind of small so…”

He just smirked at me, it seemed like he enjoyed watching me struggle. It was a little embarrassing in a way but I concentrated on holding it, trying to find the best position with my legs. Then, suddenly, he dived into my side and tickled me and I squealed, spilling the second glass on the floor.

“Asumi!” He scolded. “Look what you did!” There was now a big puddle on the floor, but at least the glass didn’t break.

“You tickled me!” I complained, crossing my legs trying to tell if the floor wasn't the only thing that was wet now after the tickle since I had lost control there for a second.

“You spilled it,” he said. “Now clean it up.”

I crossed my arms, pouting, and thought about calling off the challenge since he acted so mean. In a way, I had already won, having wet myself a little when he tickled me and he never said how much I had to go, so I hadn't broken any promises. But I was sure he was going to get angry if I quit now so I snatched a towel from the bathroom and began to dry up the juice, holding my cheek high.

He was looking at me closely as I cleaned, maybe looking for signs of how bad I needed to go. Somehow my need had gone down now after the tickles even if I hadn’t wet myself more than a few drops at the most.

Feeling his eyes on me made me strangely warm. I crawled around on the floor a little bit longer even when I was pretty much done drying as he seemed to like watching me on all fours in my jeans. I turned my back to him, teasing him a little, but got no reaction, so instead I sat down on my knees with both hands between my legs, and that seemed to egg him on because he joined me and put his arms around my body. “Have you ever wet your pants before?”

“What?” I said, blushing a little bit at the question. “I mean, yeah I guess, but it was, like, ages ago… I think I did it in mom’s car. We were going somewhere and I really had to pee but she wouldn’t stop and I couldn’t hold it… I think I was like six or something.”

Fujioka seemed interested in more and asked, “Have you ever wet yourself when you were older? Like recently?” I couldn’t recall something like that happening after that time, so I shook my head. “Have you ever wet the bed?” he asked instead and this time I nodded. “When was the last time?”

I realized it wasn’t that long ago and something that probably wasn’t too common at that age. “In junior high,” I admitted. It was a big secret of mine, but the truth just spilled out of me now, probably since I was being so close to the edge.

“I knew you were a little pants-wetter back then,” he said, starting to laugh.

I flushed, realizing he probably knew me back then since we were in the same school during my first and his last year. “I didn’t do it that often,” I said, realizing that it only made it sound worse and quickly added, “I mean, it wasn’t a regular thing or so, and it hasn’t happened since...”

He kept laughing. ”I wonder how long until you’re a pants-wetter again…”

I tried to laugh with him, but it hadn’t been that fun for me back then, being terrified that someone would find out at sleepovers and the like. ”I dunno… do I still have to do it?”

“You promised me,” he said, turning serious. “That’s the challenge, remember?”

“But I don’t know if I can do it,” I said, squeezing my thighs together. All the water and juice seemed to have reached my bladder already and having to pee was all I could think of. I wondered what I had gotten myself into, but I was afraid he was going to get angry and leave if I didn’t go through with this.

“Let’s play that game again,” he said and picked up the controller. “You can sit with me this time.” I had wanted to cuddle with him ever since he got here just like we did last time so I was happy he finally let me climb on top.

Being so desperate, I wasn’t a very good Mario Kart player during our third tournament, ending up in almost last place in the first race. In the second one I couldn’t even follow the track at all, instead I tried not to move around too much on Fujioka’s lap while pressing randomly on my controller, only pretending to play.

I wondered if he was turned on having me squirm in his lap. I couldn’t really tell if he was hard under me and he only seemed focused on the game. Would he be mad if I accidentally peed on him or would he like it? Maybe he even wanted me to. I began to worry he wouldn’t have any new pants to change into and then have to stay the night. Maybe he could hide from mom under the covers in my bed without any pants…

“Shoot!” Fujioka reacted to the race after crashing into my cart that was staying pretty much idle near the finish line as I was too desperate to control it. He was still ahead of the AI by far but maybe he wanted to beat some kind of record or maybe he was that kind of guy who always wanted to do things perfectly.

“Sorry,” I said and released my hand from my crotch to steer my cart into one of the walls so I wouldn’t be in the way.

“It’s okay,” he said, massaging my head with his hand. “How is it going?” he whispered. “About to pee your pants?” I couldn’t really answer, but then he reached his hand up my shirt to my belly button, touching and pushing on my bladder.

I gasped and kicked my legs in shock, his hand being cooler than I expected, but he kept holding me so I didn’t completely fall off his lap.

“Oh…” he said. “Your bladder… is it getting full?”

“Y-yeah,” I managed. “I-it’s all full because I drank so much. Please don’t push on it… it hurts.”

“Don’t worry,” he said and moved his hands to my jeans instead. “I’m just checking you.” Since they were tight he couldn’t get inside them but used his finger instead, giving panties a quick check then returned his hand back to my bladder. “Seems like you cheated a little,” he said, kissing my cheek. ”but let’s say that doesn’t count.”

I flushed, my heart had started to beat harder in my chest. He’d never done something like that before. I almost wet myself completely right then but didn’t want to pee on his hand for some reason and managed to keep mostly tight, though my panties did feel pretty damp now.

“If you can give me a heads up before you pee so I can move you off me, that would be great. I don’t want my pants ruined today,” he added.

“Okay,” I whimpered. “I’ll try to…” I couldn’t concentrate on anything else but holding myself after that. I had lost my controller somewhere and just put both hands between my legs while Fujioka kept playing, like the racing game had become more interesting than me again. He still held me as I squirmed and sweated in his lap though.

I soon began feeling like a full, overboiling teapot. The situation was exciting, hot and humiliating at the same time. I was whimpering, closing my eyes as my mind flashed.

I recalled the time when I was six again, this time more clearly. I had been strapped into my car seat with my teddy then, similar to how I was held by Fujioka now and I had struggled against my restraints as I was holding myself until I couldn’t anymore. It felt like I was just at that point now. I thought maybe that’s why I could remember it so well.

“I won,” Fujioka said in his monotone way and then I felt something vibrating between my legs. It was my controller. During the final score screen they always started buzzing to build up excitement or for whatever reason and it was doing so now.

It wasn’t pushing against me or anything but I couldn’t handle much of that before I elbowed Fujioka in the stomach and stood up. “I’m going to pee myself!” I cried with both hands pressed to my jeans.

“Come on, you can do better than that, Asumi!” Fujioka warned and grabbed my arm. “Can't you try holding it longer?”

“I can’t! I can’t do it,” I said, sniffing. “Please let me pee. It hurts…”

“I’ll even let you use the bathroom. Maybe just until the next race...”

I tried to say something but the world was spinning around me. Then I felt it. It was already pouring out of me.

I gasped and felt it soak up my panties, starting to leak out into my jeans. “No!” I cried and pushed at my crotch and was a bit surprised at how wet my pants had gotten already. Long trails were already heading for my socks and were creating a little puddle at my feet. “No, no, no!”

I could feel the warmth spreading, see my jeans darkening and how the puddle expanded. I tried to fight back but I couldn’t even slow it down. At the same time the relief was so great I had to stop and moan as I sniffed and part of me didn’t want it to stop peeing myself either.

Fujioka was watching all of this. “Asumi…” he breathed, giving me an intense look that made me shiver. “That’s perfect…” I thought I heard him mumbling, but it was hard to tell exactly.

I was sniffing and drying my eyes, the whole thing felt so intense. “Sorry…” I said for some reason. “Sorry I couldn’t do any better. I have a small bladder…”

“Now, now,” he said, standing up and he felt so tall next to me. He moved me out of the puddle as I was only dripping now and gave me a sideways hug. “You did good,” he said. “You completed the challenge.”

“Yeah,” I said, feeling silly. “I did it.”

“Now let’s see how well you did.” He got in front of me and leaned down. “Can you open up your jeans?”

I froze as I stood. He wanted to see my panties.

“No?” he said. “Will you let me open them then?”

I gave a nod, trembling. I had imagined this situation before but had never thought it would play out like this. I unwrapped my legs to let him open up the button and since my jeans were so tight and wet he had to tug them to get them down to my ancels.

“I’m surprised you couldn’t even hold it for two hours…” he said. “I thought you’d do a little bit better...”

“I-i’m sorry,” I stammered and could hear his breathing getting quicker and his voice had trembled slightly as he spoke, so I looked down to see what he was finding so interesting.

My light pink panties were completely soaked up all the way. There wasn’t a single dry spot left and there was still some dripping going on, glittering on the inside of my leg. Fujioka was completely engrossed by it.

I thought he was going to touch me, like running a finger up there or something, but instead he stood up behind me, grabbing my wrists.

He pressed himself against me from behind and I started to feel a little frustrated, wanting to feel the thing in his pants directly or at least get to touch myself, but he was holding my wrists so I couldn’t do anything.

I tried grinding against him but that made him tighten his grip so I stopped. I had only felt the stiffness in his pants briefly but that had made me want more. I wanted to take the thing out and hold it, asking if I could maybe press my lips to it, but I had a feeling he wouldn’t let me do that today.

He didn’t let me go until his breathing had calmed down, which took quite awhile, and after that he just backed away while I stood there with my wet pants still pulled down to my knees, not sure what to do, too afraid to do anything he hadn’t approved of.

“May I?” he asked and I saw that he had picked up his phone.

I nodded hesitantly, but flinched when I heard the shutter go off. “Can I see?”

“Sure.” The photo was only from below my neck so you couldn’t really see my face. It was clearly the wet pants and panties that were in focus. I let him take a few more up close and from behind me. He had me hold off my shirt too so he could get a shot from my belly button down my legs.

“I’ll keep them safe,” he said, putting his hand on my head and giving me a patt. “You were a little early, but you did good today,” he said and pocketed his phone, then took one look at me again before turning to the door. “Goodbye, Asumi.”

“Are you leaving?” I asked, pulling my wet pants back up a little as I had begun feeling a little cold. “Wait!”

“The challenge is over,” he said walking out of my room.

I followed him down to the hall, waddling as it wasn’t easy to pull my pants all the way up. “Don’t I get, like, a price?” I asked and he turned around quickly with a sort of angry look that made me think he meant I already got more than what I had earned. “Sorry, I mean I just thought….”

“We’ll see how well you do next time,” he said, ruffling my hair again, then sat down to put on his shoes. Maybe he was disappointed in me.

Since I was still wearing my wet jeans, I didn’t follow him all the way out to the door in case someone would see me. “When is next time?”

“I’ll let you know…” he said and got up and went out the door. “Goodbye, Asumi. Let’s have this fun again.”

The door closed and he left.

I stood there, longer than someone who had just wet their pants probably should do before getting changed, and just stared. Finally, I let out a long sigh and pulled up my pants completely.

I stayed in the hall for a while, looking down at my wet pants and sock, curling my toes. I was feeling hot, shivering and exhausted, almost as if I had a fever. Then, I somehow had to pee some more and without thinking I just started doing it as I stood on purpose, figuring my pants were already ruined so it wouldn’t really hurt. My panties began feeling warm again and I saw a tiny puddle forming on the floor under me. It felt great.

But then I snapped out my funk, wondering what the hell I was doing. At the same time I was now as turned on as when Fujioka had held my wrists before.

I bit onto my lip, badly wanting to touch my warm crotch, but didn’t go further as I was still in the middle of the hall, so I tip-toed away to the bathroom, took off my clothes and dealt with any remaining frustrations in the shower instead.

After that, I felt mostly satisfied and started cleaning up the mess in my room and heated up the leftovers. I felt a little lonely as I ate. I had hoped he’d stay longer. Mom would probably not be back until the middle of the night, but sometimes she did show up early. Maybe it was for the best that I didn’t risk it. What if she came home and found me wearing wet pants? She was used to my old bedwetting issue in junior high, but still.

I changed into my cute pajamas later and laid down in bed, feeling tired and in the end mostly satisfied. I knew I’d have more chances with him again. I cuddled up under my blankets and felt a little excited so I texted him goodnight, but he didn’t answer. I wondered if he was looking at the pictures of me.

I couldn’t sleep until mom came home much later that night. As I heard her in the hall, I felt safe and pretended to sleep when she entered my room to check on me. After she left, I picked up my phone and saw that he had read my message, but not responded. Then it came, as a picture.

It was of me, in my room with my wet pants. I began blushing super hard, wanting to ask him to delete even if you couldn’t really see it was me, but then he wrote “This one’s my favorite.” He seemed happy so I breathed out and put my phone away again, thinking that I could reply tomorrow, wondering what he would make me do next.

