The Lecture [Anthro] [Probably Yaoi?]

Author: randomperson3

*000*2017-04-03 16:09

So yeah as the title suggests it's an anthro story, I made up all the characters in this myself. And due to imagination reasons they're unnaturally coloured! Y'know like fursuits and stuff? If this isn't your thing then why are you here? I got the names off Fantasy Name Generator rip. (Rida is a black and dark blue coyote, Keikil is a grey and red hyena. Once again, if it isn't your thing, read something else)

It was another normal day at university for Rida, long boring lectures in rooms full of people. Of course he wanted a future, but did he really need to know complex algebra for his future life? He was sat in a pretty much empty lounge area, playing osu! on his laptop, his water bottle next to him was already half empty, and that was his second in the past half-hour. "This game again?"

Rida yelped, losing concentration and losing all his life on the game, "Kei what the hell!?"

"What? I was curious." Keikil laughed, showing his teeth.

"You could've waited!"

"It's just a game, Jesus... Anyway, we have a maths lecture soon, so I came to get you."

Rida put his laptop away, drinking the rest of his second water bottle and a bit of a third he had, "Right."

"Rida seriously, you're gonna piss yourself, I told you to stop drinking as much."

"Jesus Kei I'm not five." Rida began walking, followed by the hyena.

"You are."

"I'm not."

"You are."

"I'm not." This went on for a bit.

When they eventually got to the large room, the two sat next to each other around the middle, taking their equipment out and stuff. Rida took another swig of his water and soon felt a twinge in his bladder, 'Damn... Eh, I can hold it.' he put one leg over the other and let the lecturer speak. This was gonna go longer than it was meant to...

About twenty minutes later, Rida was really regretting drinking all that water, his legs were crossed tighter than before and he was constantly fidgeting. Kei noticed and grinned, nudging the coyote as if to say 'I told you so' . Rida grumbled and continued taking notes, none of them he really thought were important so he stopped and turned his attention to more pressing matters. As time ticked by, Rida's desperation worsened, all of it was fidgeting, nothing worth describing. When there were about fifteen minutes left, Rida felt a short spurt escape from his dick, suddenly clasping his crotch with both hands, "...O-Oh fuck...". Keikil looked over and instead of mocking him he frowned, whispering to him, "Not much longer now, Rida...". Rida nodded, fidgeting insanely now.

@@About two minutes later, another, longer spurt escaped, there was still a while to go too. It wasn't long before the spurts became constant, each one turning longer and longer, Rida still had both his hands clutching for dear life, but it didn't really help anymore, the spurts soon began to convert to a steady stream, leaving stains down his pants, the coyote began to sob, "...K-Kei...". Kei looked over and gasped silently, he didn't expect this, from Rida of all people. The hyena watched as urine gushed from between Rida's fingers, onto the chair, and soon onto the floor. It wasn't long before the girl next to Rida noticed his problem, she gasped, "Eugh! Sir! Rida's wetting himself!" Everyone in the room then turned to Rida, he felt a hundred eyes burning into his fur, whether they were sniggering, confuzzled or sorry for him. The lecturer sighed, "Dear god... Keikil, take him to get cleaned up please." Kei nodded and grabbed the crying coyote by the arm, leading him down the stairs and out the door. As soon as they left a wave of laughter arose from the room, and Rida cried louder, "I-I-I couldn't h-hold it...! I'm s-sorry...!". Keikil led him to an empty bathroom and looked at Rida's damage, "That's a lot of piss... Don't worry about it, if anyone mocks you to your face, I'll beat them up."

"Y-You're just s-saying that..."

Kei hugged Rida tightly, "I'm not, Rida. I know this is probably the worst time but I like you, okay...? I wouldn't let anything happen to you..."

Rida's expression was blank.

"C'mere, let's get these off of you, I have some spare stuff in my bag."

"W-Wait, why do you have spare pants in your bag...?"

"Hehe..."

"Wh-What...?"

To be continued? Probably.

