The New Year's Situation (one-shot)

Author: redstallion

*000*2025-01-01 03:01

Continued from this part in this interactive:

$/103436-omorashi-shared-universe/page/2/?do=embed&comment=2243324&embedComment=2243324&embedDo=findComment#findComment-2243324"

"Alright everyone, we have a situation tonight. We recieved a call from a woman who is reportedly tied up with bombs set to go off at midnight when the New Year hits."

"From the looks of this mission, it looked like that a bomb disposal expert would be needed. Anyone know how to defuse a bomb?" Raine told the meeting room. No one bothered to raise any hands, until Elizabeth, the new recruit, raised her own hand. "I learned about bomb defusal in police training." It is revealed that Elizabeth originally wanted to be a policewoman before she was rejected. "Well Liz, I have the perfect first assignment for you." "What? You've gotta be fucking kidding me." Elizabeth panicked. "Grab your gear and let's go! No time to argue!" Raine told Liz. Liz proceeded to gear up and soon, she headed to the location of the tied up woman. As she headed there, she realized she forgot to pee before she left. "Shit! Now I have a timer on my hands! Shouldn't have drunk those soda cans!"

Liz entered the building, and called out, "Hello? Anyone there? We're here to help!" No one responded, and Liz frantically searched the area for the tied up woman. It seemed like all hope is lost, until Liz heard the muffled cries of a woman in a nearby room. There, she found the woman, with bombs set to go off in 5 minutes and on the verge of wetting herself like Liz. Immedately, Liz sprung into action, and she used her defusing skills to disarm each bomb. However, each bomb had a security measure and Liz had to think smart and she managed to bypass the measures. However, the last bomb was the hardest, and with only a minute remaining, she had to hurry.

10...

"Come on, come on!" Liz told herself as she tried to disarm the last bomb while she and the kidnapped woman were about to have an accident. She only had 10 seconds left, and she was defusing the bomb at lightspeed.

9... 8... 7... 6... 5...

With 5 seconds left, she had to take a risk.

4... 3... 2...

She cut all the wires and hope for the best.

1... 0...

"HAPPY NEW YEAR"

The moment midnight struck, the bombs didn't go off like planned thanks to Liz. But it was the point where both women suddenly lost control and they both had an explosive accident as they both sighed in relief.

"Fuck yeah!" both exclaimed as the New Year struck, and to them, it was the wettest New Year they ever experienced. Their explosion of pee lasted a full minute, and Liz untied the woman and brought her to safety. "Happee New Year." Liz told the woman as the woman told her the same thing back. The woman was then brought to a safe place as Liz reported the mission complete. "The woman is safe and all the bombs are defused. Happee New Year."

Happee New Year and more is coming!

