The wetting esper talker: A final fantasy story

Author: Redboi

*000*2021-06-10 23:24

I just got back into playing the SNES classic Final Fantasy III and it has to be my favorite rpg game I’ve ever played. Of course, when you are like me, you want to see your favorite characters wet themselves in said game. The only way to do this though? To forge it myself.

Disclaimer: this will be going off the main story, so just to let you know there will be spoilers of the game.

Chapter 1: Discovery

“With this girl under our control, the empire will rule this world!”

“Hail, emperor Getshal!”

Terra was an innocent girl, but also a very powerful one. Her abilities with magic made her a volatile weapon when in the wrong hands, and when she fell under the forced influence of the empire, she became their weapon. With her the empire was able to tear their way through many towns and cities.

Today was perhaps the biggest day ever for her and the empire. They were going to find the esper and harness it’s power. It was just like the war of the Magi, which sent the world back 1000 years.

”Well here it is, the esper,” Gus examined the creature, not aware that Terra was approaching it closely. Then, out of nowhere, a blue beacon escaped from it. “What the-?”

A wild breeze pushed Gus and his companion off the mountain and left Terra standing there, staring at it. The world fell silent.

…

Terra awoke to the noise of running water and the sound of a clock ticking. She was in a bed. She looked over to expect to see a faucet, but only saw a grand master clock. As she turned her head some more she felt a tingly sensation underneath the sheets. She was wetting herself. She tried to stop the flow and managed to, but the damage had already been done. She had not just wet the bed, but someone else’s bed. There was no way out of this.

Then, a mysterious man entered the room. “Who are you?”

