Monica's Day Full Bladder (a story request I did for someone here)

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2018-06-12 19:57

Word Count: 5,112 words, about the same they did for me on their request. Enjoy!

###

Monica smiled as she rolled around in her bed peacefully. A twenty-year old girl with a lightly-tan-skin body that was not too short, or too tall. She laid in bed with her legs spread open in her black short shorts and white t-shirt where her moderate breasts rested in. While she did not do sports in college, she kept her days of swimming and running track on her high school teams in her agenda which she did at least three times a week at the gym. Her body was just the right skinny, but some muscle on her arms and legs, and a cute face that when she smiled or laughed made you blush and want to smile back. It was Saturday, and Monica had to be at work by early afternoon for her shift at the town diner.

“Ah, nam, nam,” she said through her teeth as she yawned and woke up from her slumber. She turned to look at her alarm clock, and her eyes almost popped out of her head. It was NOT on! “What the hell?!?” Monica looked to the side and saw it unplugged from the wall. Maybe it was her cat, or someone moved it by accident. “Oh, no, no, no, no!” Monica ran and grabbed her cell phone from the charger on her dresser and looked at the time: “SHIT!” She yelled. Her shift was to start in twenty minutes at the diner. She overslept.

Monica looked left and right trying to find clothes. The owner of the diner did not care too much about how workers dressed, if no designs or anything were on their clothes or rips. She pulled her black shift with buttons on the chest since it looked so nice tight around her breasts, yet hanged on the sides of her body just enough to show she kept skinny and in shape. She pulled off her short shorts and black panties and bra, and was 100% naked, except for the tie that kept her brown hair in a small ponytail. “I can’t believe this shit,” Monica said, angry that she overslept and barely had time for a shower. She pulled a towel out of her dresser and was about to run into the hall, barely covering it around her when she heard someone inside her dorm room; but it wasn’t her roommate, Jessica.

“Wow!” said Jessica’s boyfriend, Will. He laid out in Jessica’s bed, naked across. As much as Monica felt her hormones rage off like a water wave she crossed her legs and pulled the towel around her just tight enough, but barely had a grip on the other end. Monica really did try to stop starring at the 22-year-old college senior who was on the football team. Those abs, those side muscles, damn! “I got to say Monica. Jess is hot, but you-.”

By accident, the towel that she had a small grip on flicked through her fingers and fell off her body, exposing her again. Even through her tan skin one could see her tan facial cheeks blush red.

“Monica, the hell?!?” Jessica said as she stood at the door of their room in a bathrobe and hair tied up wet in a towel.

Monica’s eyes widened and popped out of her head as the humiliation of this made her heart sink and throat close. “Oh my gosh, Jess, I…um, I-.”

“What the hell, are you two flirting?” Jessica said in a rage.

“No, it’s not like that,” Monica said. “It’s all an accident.”

“I thought you were cool, but here you are, like every other skank in this college. Your naked still!”

Monica looked down and saw her bare breasts, legs, crotch, and ass that Will admired so much, he did not notice the argument between the female roommates.

“Get the hell out!” Jessica yelled as she grabbed Monica’s clothes for work and tossed them at her, and pushed her into the hallway. She kept tossing shit as Monica stumbled down the halls, past the co-ed bathroom. “Get out of here.”

“Jess, please, I gotta shower-.” Jess through a can of spray deodorant at her and almost hit Monica’s head. As Monica saw other people exit their rooms to see what the noise was, she ran nearly naked out of there. She turned a corner in the hall and let out a sigh of annoyance. “You can never reason with her. Bitch!” Monica grunted as she sprayed the deodorant all over her body, put on her white socks, white panties and bra, light-tan shorts that dropped just below the knees so her awesome calves could still be seen fully, and put on her black dress shirt and headed out.

As she drove to work, she was almost there and due to make it, but felt a tingling inside of her lower belly. “Oh, great!” she complained. Due to Jessica’s unreasonable outrage, Monica had to skip by the bathroom and did not get a chance for a proper show (though, she didn’t smell that bad) but more importantly, her first pee of the day still rested in her bladder with a slight, heavy and heated pressure poking at her waist from the inside. She dug her hand into her crotch as she squirmed in her seat, just to keep herself from becoming desperate and feeling the pee sensation grow. As she went through the last light before work, she looked and saw a fire hydrant open with people cooling off in the water it sprayed. Seeing the spraying water in that force especially made her bladder rock to the left and right just a bit.

She pulled into the diner’s parking lot, and went inside. “Hey Monica,” three workers said as she passed them. She smiled with that adorable smile and waved. A couple regular customers of the many regular customers of this small-town diner waved as well. When she got to the back of the diner which had two bathrooms, one for men, one for women, each with one toilet and sink each, she grabbed the doorknob of the women’s room and tried to turn it. “The hell?” Monica said. Her looked of concern as she tried to turn the jammed knob saw the words: OUT OF ORDER-USE MEN’S, on a sign on the door. She through her arms out to the side and bounced. She forgot, that’s right, they had some problems with the toilet yesterday, it would not flush every time. She turned to the men’s room and grabbed the knob, but it too was locked. She knocked.

“I’m in here,” someone said from the inside. Monica dragged a hand down her face knowing it would be one of those days. Her boss Pete called her saying they needed help with the tables. She was just a bust girl, supposed to setup tables, and clean them after customers were done. But things got so chaotic here what choice was there?

“Be there in a second Pete!” Monica called out to the front of the diner. She had her arms folded across her chest, one leg out as her foot tapped as she tried to focus off her bladder and the slight discomfort in gave her. She gave a bounce up and down just twice, very apart from each other. After a couple minutes she knocked and asked, “Um, I’m sorry, “she blushed, so cute because the poor girl really did feel bad about annoying the occupant. “I’m sorry, but are you almost done?”

“Give me a minute!” the occupant, clearly a man, said. She had not even heard him flush yet. “Isn’t there a women’s bathroom like right there, literally?”

“Sir, um…it’s actually out of order.” This was so embarrassing. Oh, why did Jessica have to be so cruel.

“Jeez. Well, that’s not my problem.” She heard him making a heavy coughing sound.

“MONICA!” Pete yelled.

Monica turned around and bit onto her bottom lip in annoyance. “Man!” Her arms to her side as she gave two big steps with her right foot just to shake off the discomfort. Looks like she would have to hold in her first pee of the day a little longer.

Half an hour had passed, and man, it was almost lunchtime but they had already been crazy busy. Plus, in this state it got hotter earlier in the year, so it felt like a hot summer day in early March. Sun shined through the windows, the only AC in the diner was a fan on the counter, Monica sweated with the other works as she pranced around wiping table one after the other. That half hour felt like only minutes because they were so busy.

Every now and again Monica would look towards the bathrooms and see it either closed, or open with the toilet in view, but while finishing up the table she would be on, another man or woman would go occupy it making Monica whisper, “Shit on a block of shit!” to herself. As her first hour of working was complete, she felt the pressure grow in her bladder a bit more. She took the last sip of orange juice from her glass that she poured because man she was thirsty and didn’t even get breakfast this morning, so her strength was not up to par either. While she was no dancing for her life for the potty yet, it did become noticeably heavy and give a warm, punctured-feeling that made her face twitch, her pretty face frown to each side as she motioned her hips as she bent over the tables and kept her mind off needing to pee. “Man, I better get in there soon.” Monica said looking at the bathroom, whose door opened.

Monica’s heart leaped in joy and relief as she saw she had no tables to work on and could finally pee her brains out. She walked to the bathroom keeping her legs tight towards her crotch and tried to look like she was fine, not giving away her need to go to the public, and passed the old woman who walked out.

“Excuse me dear. Something wrong with the d-.”

“Mhm, yes.” Monica sweated and was a bit jumpy as she turned to the lady and said, “I’ll take care of that in just a sec mam.” Monica ran into the bathroom, shut the door, locked it, and unbuttoned her shorts which let a load of pressure off her bladder ready to leak, and pull them and her pretty white panties with a pink flower on the crotch as design, down. She sat, bare butt, when suddenly her face changed from relief to horror as the bathroom door started to swing open. Monica’s heart stopped as she leaped up and closed it, locking it back up. She sat down again, no pants on, not a drop of pee had left her bladder yet, when the door started to open again, and a couple of cute guys who went to her school sat at a table down the hall and looked at her pants down on the toilet and they smiled like all their dreams come true. Monica on the other hand turned red, shut the door, locked it, but it kept becoming undone. “The hell?!?”

The old lady pushed the door open making Monica yell, “hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!” as she pulled her panties and pants up. She breathed heavy as this was all getting too much for the poor college sweetheart.

“I’m sorry, dear,” the old lady said. “I was saying, the door is broken and won’t stay closed. I had to use my foot.”

“Gotta be…thank you mam. Excuse me.” She went to find Pete as her bladder fought against her will to hold now more than before since she had been so close to peeing and her body was not trying to let that go. She shut her butt cheeks tight, walking with one leg crossing the other, and saw the two guys laugh and whistle as she passed. She shook her head, red and humiliated. “Pete, the bathroom door won’t stay closed.”

“Oh yeah, that happened last week.” Pete reached under the counter and pulled out a pin-looking thing. “Stick this in the front lock. It keeps the lock working. We’ll get that fixed when they come here too. The guys fixing the women’s room.”

Monica took the pin thing, shaking a little, and walked back to the bathrooms where the old lady still stood. What was her deal? She went already. Monica stuck it into the lock, tested it, and the door was fixed. “Thank God.” Monica said, now ready to take a grand pee.

“I’ll say. Thank you, dear!” the old lady said as she closed the door to the bathroom, occupying it.

Monica was only able to throw her hands in the air in a WTF moment. “Are you…” she mumbled and grunted every swear word in the book.

“Monica! Table three. Now!” Pete screamed.

Monica puffed out her cheek and pressed both hands against her crotch. She felt her need serious now as one pulse from her bladder after the other rocked her lower, inner abdomen. She stood at table 3, legs crossed, hands in pockets with her fingers rolling across the outside of her short’s pockets, sweating, and trying to not think about the bathroom and how much she needed it or even how freaking close she was to getting relief a minute ago. It did not help as the customers at the table kept naming different drinks which made her shake her hips back and forth along with her hands doing their thing with the pockets and her crossed legs.

She felt her pee trying so hard to escape her body. She felt her belly start to expand just a bit, but pushed against the tightness of her shorts which dug into her and slightly hurt. She winced on her face with the pain it gave, adding pressure to her oh, so full bladder. Seeing Sarah, a waitress, fill a couple at the other table cups with water that poured clear and fresh, seeing and hearing the pouring made Monica shut her eyes and start to bounce.

“Are you ok?” the man at her table said.

“Oh, um, yes, yes!” Monica said, embarrassed. She uncrossed her legs and hands out of pockets which was so bad on her physically, but she took a pad out and wrote down their drinks and food and brought it to the kitchen for order.

Another hour passed. Monica kept trying to get to the bathroom, but each time either her boss or a customer would call her over for something. It was like the whole freaking universe was bent on making her bladder explode. And boy, did it feel like it was going it! As she worked, Monica tried to focus on that instead of her bursting urge to pee. What started as slight discomfort and a small annoyance when she first got here had now become a raging bull that ran and bashed against the inside of her tummy to rip through her skin while popping her bladder. Every pulse felt like a punch to the gut as she kept her legs closed to the top, only walking with little steps, the rest of her legs barely moved as they tried to stay together and hold the tidal wave about to swing out of her urethra.

Monica looked down and was in panic as she saw her tummy had stuck out of the bottom of her shirt a little. The button and zipper of her light tan shorts pressed so hard against it and her crotch, that she felt like she wanted to self-destruct. She shook and shook and could not stand this much longer. “Oh man, I gotta pee already!” she said.

Monica ran, like ran to the back of the diner to where the bathrooms were. Someone had called her like always, but she was ready to explode any second. The thought of having a graphic accident in her pants in her place of work terrified her. All because her stupid roommate stopped her form getting to the bathroom this morning. Once Monica was in sight of the one bathroom, she almost fell dead. One man, and FOUR women stood in line. The guy was in front and had his arms wrapped around himself and seemed tensed as his foot tapped. Behind him was a thin girl, brown hair, in a purple t-shirt and jeans. Her knees were bent a little as she held her crotch and looked terrified at her own impending outcome.

Behind her was a tall girl, tan sexy body, brown hair tied-up, wearing delicious short shorts. Her arms were at her sides with fists made as she kept her legs crossed and tight and bounced. Behind her was a jogger who came in a while ago with black tights, tight gray top, and held one hand on the wall to keep herself up as she squirmed in place. Behind her was a woman who had to be in her thirties, short brown hair, tight white pants and shirt and sandals, and had her hands deep in her crotch under her bloated belly. Monica noticed her nametag on her belt and said: DONNA CHANNY. Monica thought she recognized her as a teacher from her old high school.

“Ms. Channy,” Monica said, shaking while trying to be courteous. “What are you doing here?”

Ms. Channy looked up and annoyed. “Trying not to have an accident again, Monica. Oooooh! I need to go really, REALLY BAD!”

Monica remembered. Ms. Channy had an accident when the toilets broke down in high school. She pissed and shit herself in the halls in front of everyone, and was so humiliated she needed to go to counseling to deal with the trauma. Even then, when she came back no one accepted her. Everyone pointed, laughed, Monica didn’t, but man, all Monica could fear in deep terror now was that her life was so close to becoming like that. Especially with a freaking LINE at the BATHROOM!

Monica was about to get behind Ms. Channy as she watched the other girls squirm for their lives as the man took his turn. That’s when she heard, “MONICA!” from Pete, louder and angrier than she ever had before.

“Son of a-!” Monica said, as she raced over to Pete, who was at the counter. “What Pete, what?”

He handed her a bag of garbage. “Please take that to the dumpster out back.”

Monica walked to the back of the diner with it, and that’s when she noticed that back there, no one was in sight. She was out of view. She looked around, and knew no one would notice if she peed behind the dumpster. There really wasn’t a choice at this point. Monica through the bag in, climbed behind the dumpster, tried to unbutton her pants but- “What the?” She pulled at the button, but her tummy had swirled-up so much that it pressed against her zipper and button, and she could not get her fingers in place to undo it so she could take a leak. “Oh, come on, come on, COME ON!” She bent over, head down towards her button, feeling the pressure escalate to new, high levels of agony as her weight pushed up on her bladder. She felt her pee trying to squirt out of her, so she crossed her legs tight. Finally, she got the button undone, zipper down, and belt loose and as she started to pull her pants off-

“Excuse me, miss?!?” Monica jumped around, almost going in her pants as she was face-to-face with an officer of the law. “Something going on here?”

Monica’s heart raced, she sweated so much some dripped into her eyes and burned them. As if she didn’t have enough pain. “Um, I, I, um, I…..I’m sorry oo-f-ficer,” she jumbled her words due to shaking from her explosive bladder. “I j-j-just, got some trash on my pants before and it got caught on my zipper so I tried to get it out.”

The officer seemed to believe her. “Oh, well ok then. My partner went in to grab us some lunch, so we’ll be in our cruiser than for a while scouting the area. Be careful. A thief is on the loose and he’s armed from what witnesses say.

Monica thought, Oh, flipping great! There goes that plan! Monica put on a fake smile, showing her bright, white teeth, and took off inside, waving her adorable good-bye to the officer. She got inside and was about to cry from the terror that was about to unfold in her pants. All these people. Maybe she should get out of here? But they were so busy. But then, hope!

Monica saw all the women in line before were now back at their tables and relaxed, including Ms. Channy who did have a slight damp mark on her crotch though. Better late than never. Monica looked, and saw the free bathroom. She headed to the back, approached the toilet, and that’s when a man in a black, scruffy uniform walked in front of her, into the bathroom, and stuck a hose of some kind down the toilet that she noticed had no water in the bowl.

“What, um?!?” Monica said in fear and agony. “What are you doing?”

“We’re here to fix the plumbing sweetheart. We’ll be done within an hour or so. No biggie.”

Monica’s eyes widened in fear. BOTH BATHROOMS WERE OUT OF ORDER!!!!!! She had no toilet. Her belly showed from under her shirt, pulse after pulse sending shock waves of fire through her body that made her neck twitch and eyes shut. She was so full of pee she felt queasy and thought she might throw up. Her crotch burned and felt like a giant tire of iron dropped on it. She felt like she was going to start whether she liked it or not any second. SPURT! Monica’s heart stopped. She felt her crotch shoot out a small amount of pee and felt her panties become moist which against her bare skin down there only made her want to release her pent-up pee more. “T-t-this c-c-can’t be happening to me!” She stuttered.

Pete called her again. An hour. She would not have a toilet for an hour at most. As she walked back into the diner from the back, she had to walk so slow, and take careful, small steps just to keep herself in control. All she saw and thought as she watched people enjoy their meals, and fellow workers walk around, was the panic that would ensure from the humiliation that was approaching. She was a grown, hard-working woman, and this was not even her fault. Why was this happening to someone so nice? The strength she used to hold in her pee as she brought food to the customers, and bent over to clean up tables, she looked up at the clock swearing an hour went by, but was stunned to see it was only five minutes since she bumped into the plumber in the back. SPURT! Monica froze in terror, in so much pain she closed her eyes tight. She pressed a hand into her crotch, and then noticed her button was undone and zipper halfway down.

She jumped around and tried to pull it up, but pushing against her hardened crotch and belly of massive pee amounts they would not budge. Monica grabbed both ends of the button sides of the top of her shorts and pulled, pulled with all her might, making them slowly move towards each other despite her bloated body enduring more pain from the pressure she put on the sides, and with that she felt a SPURT, crossed her legs tight with one foot rubbing up against the top of the other leg, and RIP!!!!! Her button ripped off the right, top end of her shorts and flew somewhere on the floor.

Monica still had her belt on, but it barely kept her shorts up, even with the huge pee gut she now had. Part of her panties showed through the front, and a couple guys with a girl walked by and giggled at Monica’s unfortunate predicament which only made her more nervous, about to have a nervous breakdown. She could not psychologically deal with the extreme pain of holding it in and fear of peeing herself in public.

She looked down and let out a breath of shock as she saw the exposed part of her panties that showed through her open zipper was yellow. The spurt had stained it with pee. She almost saw a couple of drops darker the shorts over her right leg. “Oh God, oh man!” Monica had tears coming out of her eyes as she felt a huge pressure shoot up through her and almost made her gag. “Ooooohohooooo, GOD!” She shrieked. The constant pulses were so powerful and painful she felt she was going to explode in her panties and soak herself any minute. There had to be a way out of this mess.

Monica pulled her keys out of her pocket, ready to drive home to her dorm. But then, she noticed only her car keys were on it. “T-that b-b-bitch!” Monic said, referring to her roommate. It seems Jessica pulled off her dorm key when she threw it at Monica. A sign she doesn’t want her back there. Without the key, she would not be able to get back into her dorm building either.

Pete walked up to Monica and said, “Mon, what’s wro---Whoa!” He said, looking down at her exposed panties, making them both blush, her WAY more than him. He watched her shake like crazy, gagging on her words as she could not control her body anymore. “Would you cover that up!” He grabbed a newspaper off the table and gave it to her to put in front of her crotch. She grabbed it, and her shorts almost fell. She kept a tight grip with one hand, newspaper held in the other. “What’s wrong with you?”

“P-P-PP-P-Pete!” Monica cried. Shaking and crying she said, “I’m g-g-going to p-p-pee my pants. I need to go to the bathroom, now!”

Pete shrugged, not catching on how bad she really did have to go. “Well, the guys are almost done. Give them a few more minutes.”

Monica’s vision became blurry. The tears burned her eyes. The pain so bad she dropped the newspaper and let go of her shorts which made them collapse to her ankles. A few people turned around shocked, and covered their smiles as Monica reached down, and pulled them back up. But the quick movement of bending down to get them caused a SPURT-SPURT! Her knees turned inwards, still shaking without control, gagging, belly pushing more and more outwards against her waist, bladder feeling like it was ripping apart inside of her, her crotch burning as she felt like a truck wheel of fire dropped its weight onto her crotch, trying to push out. She heard people around her say, “was she peeing herself?” She heard giggles. She heard, “Oh my God, she’s having an accident. Ha Ha!”

She heard the plumbers yell from the back that the bathrooms were finished. Monica had no feelings at all except of surviving humiliation. She felt another SPURT, and saw it squirt out of the front of her crotch, and onto the floor. People gasped, and while she tried to move towards the toilets, she was frozen in terror, shaking and crying, not wanting this to happen, but despite how much she pushed into her crotch with her hands, kept her legs crossed, she felt several stream pierces through her crotch like knives.

“Oh my gosh, Monica!” yelled her coworker, Wendy. She was behind Monica, and when Monica looked behind her, she looked down and saw a big damp mark on her ass the whole diner stared at and took their cameras out for.

“Oh…no…” Monica shook, praying and hoping this would just stop, the nightmare she feared would not come true. “Please, no, no, oh NOOOOOOOOOOOOO! OH MY GOOOOODDDDD! PLEASE, DON’T LET THIS HAPPEN-AHHHHHHHH!” she yelled in agony. She felt her bladder rip into pieces inside so painful her legs flipped open from the center and the pee started to shoot out of her like a cannon shot fire. “AHHHHH! PLEASE, NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!” Pee streamed out of poor, sweet, innocent Monica’s body so fast and with such force her hands and legs could no longer block it, and only got wet as she bent over to try and plug herself up, but her body had had enough. Her panties were flooded so fast, that pee splashed out of the leg holds on the sides and started to soak her shorts which became so damp, so fast, they latched into her body as if they shrunk.

Pee shot out of multiple spots of her shorts because there was so much. Most came out from the bottom of her shorts that flooded her shoes and socks and formed a huge puddle on the diner floor that Pete and Wendy stepped away from. Monica became so red, so embarrassed, so humiliated she could not believe this happened. She did NOT deserve this. Her shorts were sucked into her ass crack as they latched on from becoming soak, pushing her panties into her and causing a massive wedgie to the discomfort to this humiliating situation.

But after it went up as far as it would, while her panties stayed sucked into her ass, her shorts became so flooded they became heavy and dropped down to her ankles, causing a huge splash. Monica was pants less, soaked panties on the front, and everyone saw her exposed ass since the back of the panties sucked in it through the crack. After what felt like an hour to Monica, but was just less than a couple minutes, the pee stopped, she was empty, her bladder and pride destroyed.

Monica sunk down to her knees and cried, covering her face with her soaked, pee smelly hands. “Why, why, why!!!!!!” She got up, still crying, and slipped in her own pee. She got up, almost slipping again, and ran out of the diner, and was never seen there again…though, social media made the diner famous for years with its bust girl who busted in the diner all over the floor. Monica was humiliated on a global scale and felt like her stomach was filled with butterflies, and face became bright red and hot from the humiliation as she drove home uncomfortable in her soaked clothes of pee.

Then she remembered. She could not get back in the building. She had no clothes to change into. She tried getting in but no key meant no entry, and she couldn't ask anyone for help because the two people who came out and walked by only laughed. She was trapped. What would she do? All she did was cry so hard, tears flooding her face, and rested her head against the steering wheel in disgrace.

THE END!

*002*2018-06-13 15:31

Added a little more to the ending where the pants fall

