Jodie's Plumbing Problems

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-05-05 07:01

Jodie was in her mid-twenties, brown tied-back hair, and was not very skinny, nor obese. She was a good size. Legs and hips big enough that they could not perfectly cross, but nice breasts. She was also very cute. That day she wore tight jeans, black high heels, a tight black shirt. Her big, beautiful eyes looked out into the bar. It was her favorite spot ever. She had her first memories here. Sneaked in for first date, kiss, "activities" and made lots of friends. She celebrated every promotion and new job here. That night the bar was filled. It was up in the hills, away from civilization. She was there with her boyfriend , Jeff. Jodie just closed a huge deal with her firm's biggest client ever. Her coworkers and boss Fred took her out.

Jodie had spent two hours playing beer pong, and losing very badly. While she chugged down over a dozen half-filled solo cups of beer, she finished off her water bottle. She said to her peers, "Guys, I really needed this, thank you. Thank you too Fred." She then kissed Jeff. "And of course my favorite guy."

Fred said, "Jodie, you deserved it. Tonight is your night. We haven't won a deal this big and bloated in a long time." Hearing 'bloated' made Jodie feel a twitch from her thoughts . . . in her bladder. Fred continued, "Jodie, you washed away the competition like a rain storm." Jodie's leg moved forward and back. Her stomach made a growl as a signal. Jodie felt discomfort in her bladder. Her lower belly had a warm pressure in it. She knew her bladder was full. Fred's talk was reminding her and making it worse.

Jodie said, "Um, Fred-."

"Let me finish Jodie. Our firm is a wave of power now. An ocean." Jodie had a worried expression on her face. Her legs became more restless. She had to get away from Fred. She and Jeff went to a pool table where others were at a game.

"Hey fellas," she greeted the guys. They all said hi back. Complimenting Jodie on her big win at work. As they played, a waitress came by and asked if anyone wanted a refill of their beers. A couple did, and she started to pour above their glasses. A stream leaked down into their cups, splashing. Jodie's bladder felt like it was moving inside of her.

"Babe, you alright?" asked Jeff, noticing her discomfort.

"I think my drinks are finally catching up with me."

"Bathroom is over there."

"Nah. I can wait." Jodie was not a fan of public restrooms. She did not have shy bladder or anything. She just hated germs. She liked being clean, not covered in any filth at all. As the games went on, Jodie's awesome butt, round and covered in the tight blue of her jeans showed her cheeks going back and forth. During that time of watching their game, she had another beer with the guys. Desperate. That is what would describe her. Jodie really had to go. "Eeeee," she said. Croaking from the building bladder pressure. Jodie walked off towards the bathrooms. She went in the ladies room. No lines. Three stalls, only one occupied. She was about to go in but did not like the slight smell of dried alcohol-fused urine. Classic bar bathroom smell. She left the bathroom, bladder fully loaded.

She took Jeff to the dance floor in front of the band playing. They jumped up and down, all around to the beats of the hard rock. She could not notice her full bladder. Until the band took a break. Then, the boiling pressure hit her in the bottom of the belly, in between the legs like a baseball had hit her there. Jodie was desperate to pee. She had to go. Now!

Jodie sucked it up and went for the bathroom. Right as she opened the door, Fred grabbed her from behind. She even saw a free stall just as she was heading in. "Jodie!" he said. "I gotta do a toast for you before I leave. Come on."

"Umm," Jodie said, worried. Sweat started to form on her forehead. She hopped a little in place. "Fred, I just really have to-."

"Oh, if you need to go first, go right ahead." Jodie was about to go to the bathroom, finally, but did not want to be rude. Fred was a good boss. She thought, I really gotta go. Never drank this much in a bar. Crap!

"Let's go for that toast," she said in dread. Fred smiled and walked them over . . . away from Jodie's relief. Her much needed relief.

Fred held up a glass as the bartender poured, like a stream, lite, golden champagne into people's glasses. Jodie could not drink anymore. She was not drunk, but desperate to pee. Seeing the pouring of the golden liquid made her bounce. She tried to control it from the embarrassment of people knowing she had to go. She crossed her tight, high heeled leg over the other. Turning a couple of the guy's on. Fred forced a bigger glass than the others into her hand.

"Oh, no thank you Fred. I couldn't drink another-."

"Nonsense!" he said, pouring it in. Jodie's big eyes stared in torment. Utter agony as she saw and heard the splashing around in her glass. She wanted to leak like the bottle was. She had at least two chances. She felt like she was losing control and bit her lip, looking away. She could not drink this. "WE have never made a bigger splash in success than we did when Jodie joined the team. We drowned the competition like rain filling up the battlefield. Filling, and filling," Jodie felt it. SHE FELT IT. Oh no! Everyone I know is here. It's my night. I've never had an accident, I'll die of embarrassment.. She swore under her breath at herself. She wore her tightest jeans tonight. They were lite blue, so if she peed herself it would show.

She almost felt sick as her gut expanded, jeans pushing on her bladder forcing pee to head out. She held her legs tight. Fred finished his speech, and they all lifted their glasses and drank. Jodie could not do it. She tried putting it down but Fred insisted. "Come on Jodie, you're the champ. Drink." Everyone chanted. "Drink! Drink! Drink!" Hearing those words made her bladder agony worse. This was going to end her. She had to dash for the bathroom after and prayed it was available. She closed her eyes, almost crying due to the fear of wetting herself in front of everyone, and drank the champagne. She drank and drank, and it rushed through her, hitting her bladder, but unable to fully get it since she was past her limit.

"Excuse me Fred," she said. Uncrossing her legs so she could walk, but keeping tight together. Fred held her in place. "Please, God-."

"Jodie, you got to say some words, come on." Jodie bit her lip. She was scared, in a pain of bladder urgency. She looked at the bathroom. No line. She could still make it.

"Ok, um, it was really nothing. I-I-- jjust, focused on the files and-." her bladder pounced with pain. It was a huge shot that almost made her lose it. "I . . . .owe it all to Fred. Best boss and mentor ever!" She hugged her boss and people clapped. "Everyone let's party on!" They did. She was free. Jodie's heart sparkled. She ran to the bathroom and, "Damn!" A line was outside the door. Jodie had a tear fall from her eye. What bad luck, blaming herself for not taking chances before. She could have gone. Douhhhhh! Why didn't I just go before!!? I can't have an accident!" She went in line. She was the most antsy person in it. Dancing with her legs going up and down, arms crossed across her chest. She was finally in the bathroom. No one was behind her. People were enjoying the band again.

"Thank god, I'm gonna make it," she whispered to herself. Relieved, but only slightly. She was still desperate as all hell. One of the stalls now had an OUT OF ORDER sign on it. A girl came out of a stall, leaving the restroom, not washing her hands. "Ew," Jodie said. She saw the toilet, and it caused her bladder to automatically started letting go. She hurried in, but a girl ran past her, going into the stall. Jodie stopped her. "No no no, I'm about to burst." The girl was crying. A guy then walked in and grabbed Jodie by the shoulders.

"I'm sorry, my girlfriend and I are...we need to talk. Give us a minute?" the guy said.

Jodie placed her hands on her crotch. She started bouncing, very fast. "No way! I've been dying all night to pee!" But the guy didn't care. He pushed Jodie out.

"She thinks I'm a cheater, use the men's room. We'll be done quick." He pushed Jodie out and shut the door. Jodie pushed at it, but it wouldn't open. She pushed hard, she had to get in there NOW! But he locked it from the inside. Jodie looked towards the men's room. Line, of course.

Jodie put her hands in her tight jeans pockets. Legs tight,moving around as she bounced. She had an expression of absolute fear and nervous on her. How was she going to make it. She felt the pee just above the exit righ to her panties and letting everyone see stained jeans. Gotta go, gotta go! Hold it Hold it Hold it! The very thought of her coworkers and others at her favoirte place seeing her fill her jeans with made her have so much anxiety. "Ahhhh, oooooooo, eeeeeee!" She knocked hard on the door. "You done yet?" The girl who had been in the other stall opened the door. Of course! It was Jodie's miracle of relief. Jodie darted in but the guy pushed her out again. She stomped her foot on the ground, making a clapping sound with the heel. She mumbled, "Ggggaaaaaageeheeh!" She had to get out of here. She left through the bar's doors and went to her car........her heart sank at the sight, and she stopped breathing. "N-no."

Some jerk had parked his huge truck in back of her car, making it boxed in on all sides. She was trapped. The only way to escape flooded panties, soaked jeans, and a lifetime of embarrassment in front of everyone she knew was the bar's bathroom. She stormed back inside. The ladies bathroom was open and no line! She ran as fast she could in those heels. Just then, a female bartender came out and locked the door. She placed a sign on it that almost shocked the pee out of Jodie: OUT OF ORDER. There was one on the men's room too.

Jodie asked the bartender. "W-w-what the hell happened to the b-bathroom?" Her legs we inwards at the knees. Her hands in her pockets, bouncing. Her whole body was tense, hot, and pressure formed from an even worse force of bloated pain in the bladder. RED ALERT! EMERGENCY! Her nice purple panties with a butterfly picture on the crotch. They would not survive watery pee blast of this proportion.

"Sorry miss," the bartender said. "The sewage system in our hills gets clogged sometimes. Roots always grow into them, and guess boss didn't keep up with having it taken care of."

Jodie asked, "W-well when will the toilets me working again?"

"You kidding? Our pipes are toast. Mud literally is in the toilets from the backup. I'll tell you, I'm glad it happened after the last people went. No one has to go through any torture or anything, you feel?"

Jodie only felt terrified, hopeless, and agony. She grabbed her crotch and legs turned in tight. She crossed them. Her bladder had become so full after hours of drinking and letting her tank fill WAY past max then she felt her arm touching her belly which expanded out , over her jean's waist and belt. Jodie was sweating like crazy. Eyes watery. She couldn't believe this was happening to her.

Jeff came up from behind her and spooked her. She almost lost it. She almost ALMOST had a few drops fall out. She was using every last ounce of muscle. "Hey babe." He said. "You alright?"

"Jeff, I never got to go! I have to pee worst than ever in my whole life, seriously. I don't know what to do, the bathrooms are locked down."

"Why didn't you go before?"

"I tried but I didn't like the smell, then I tried again but some jerk tossed me out, now this! I-." Her bladder started rupturing inside. It was about to burst. She had minutes...maybe seconds. She could feel HER PIPES leaking HER plumbing in her body overclogged.

"I'll cover you. Let's go in the woods. You can pee there, I won't look. You'll be fine."

Jodie hated the thought of that. But what choice did she have? She was going to pop and humiliate herself. Jodie started to breath heavy and headed out with one legs crossing in front of the other.

"You shrewd!" one girl screamed. She was yelling at her boyfriend, the one who locked Jodie out the bathroom. "You're a cheater, a liar,"she said yelling and walking away.

"Babe come on!" the boyfriend said.

The girl saw Jodie and grabbed her, pulling her over. Jodie reached out to Jeff as a cry for survival. "She heard you too. She knows your scum. Tell him girl! Hey everyone! LEt us girls tell you how this scum of a guy is." Why was this happening to Jodie.

Oh no oh no oh no!!!! Jeff watched Jodie in horror. She was crying, a stain started to form on the back center of her butt. Her walls keeping the flood in had come down. Jodie's legs burst open from the pressure of her bladder popping, causing a spasm in her whole body. "NO, NO...NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" That's the scream as the pee in Jodie burst out. Her front and back had stains crawling everywhere. Her jeans becoming so damp. The spasm caused her jean's button to pop off and cause a faster release. Her bladder kept pouring and pouring. It would not stop.

People screamed. "Oh my god!"

"What the hell girl!"

"Nasty!"

"HAHAHAH She's peeing herself!"

Some guys watching in erousment. Jodie became so red. Tears rolled down her face,the bottom of her shirt covered with pee that splashed up. It leaked under her heels and all over them, her feet stained and smelley of pee. Jodie was humiliated. She could have made it hours ago and she knew it. She could have gone but she would not suck it up, and it cost her her reputation at this bar. Coworkers saw too. How would she face them Monday?

"I.....I......" Jodie was crying. She covered her face with her hands and ran off. Out the bar. Down the hill, leaving her car behind.She never returned to the bar.

The end.

