Sabika and Kanika - Two Gujurati Indian Roomates

Author: Ranganath

*000*2017-01-11 15:21

Sabika and Kanika

It was 6:00 AM on a Wednesday. The outside world was still slowly stirring into action. A lone car here or there could be seen as the sun rose slowly and majestically from over the dunes in the distance. The town of Surat slowly rose from its slumber. Among those who were groggily rubbing their eyes were two women in their early 20’s, Sabika and Kanika.

Sabika and Kanika had been friends since they met in school back when they used to stay in Gandhinagar. They had remained classmates and friends through their board exam, through their CBSC 12th , through their arduous 3 year BBA degree, and finally, through their MBA, the final step in the horrifying process they’d known as their education. The moment they got their degrees in hand they began to insist to their respective families, the need to move to Surat because “that’s where all the well-paying jobs are!” they claimed.

After a couple of weeks they’d gotten permission from their families, found a flat in a massive apartment complex in Dindoli. The flat was everything they’d ever dreamed of and more! It was spacious, clean, well ventilated, and it was theirs! On this Wednesday however, neither Sabika nor Kanika was able to appreciate the green countryside or the beautiful sunrise as they scurried around their room, frantically gathering up bits of small change.

“3568”, Kanika counted

“3668!”, Sabika chipped in holding up a 100 rupee note she’d picked up from under the mattress.

Kanika sighed miserably, “This is hopeless! We’ll never get enough money before 11. And God Knows what the landlord will do if we don’t have it again! It’s the second month in a row!!”

Sabika clicked her tongue, irritated, “What are you telling me for!”

Both the girls fell silent as they reflected on their circumstances. Sabika suddenly piped up,

“Hey Kanika! Your dad sent you money last week, remember!”

Kanika’s face lit up as she remembered. She jumped to her feet and ran over to her cupboard. As she hurriedly sorted through her clothes she explained, “If I run down to the ATM now, that’ll solve everything. You chill here for a bit, go back to sleep if you want”

Sabika nodded in agreement but kept her eyes fixed on Kanika. Kanika pulled a kurti out of the stack that she liked and, ducking behind the narrow door of her cupboard, slid off the boxer shorts she had on in one deft fluid motion. The cupboard door did a poor job of covering Kanika’s taut smooth brown buttocks from Sabika. Kanika caught Sabika watching and “tsk’ed “ her jokingly as she donned the Kurti and jogged out the door. She shouted back at Sabika, “I’ll be back soon.!”, as she entered the lift.

Over the many years that they’d been friends many had accused them of being “weird…” Many classmates of the duo in 12th had gone so far as to insinuate that the two were performing lewd sexual acts on each other. Sabika and Kanika had never been bothered in the slightest by these rumours, mainly because of how baseless they were. Regardless of what anyone else might think, Kanika and Sabika had never crossed the lines of friendship with one another.

For Sabika however, this was growing difficult. Ever since they’d shifted in together, Sabika had unknowingly noticed more and more of Kanika’s nuances: that little pimple on her back, that mole on her right butt cheek…..

Kanika had seemingly blossomed overnight from the skinny tom-boyish ruffian she’d been in school, to an enticing, and sensuous young woman. Sabika had been dreaming of her more and more. Vile dreams. Loathsome dreams. Unspeakable dreams. Sabika had initially dismissed them as Hogwash, but a week back, around 3 in the morning, Sabika awoke from one such dream suddenly, a splash of moisture near the joining of her thighs. Her lower stomach felt as if it were burning: not in pain but in rapturous pleasure. She felt her engorged and moistened womanhood pound with the racing pumping of her heart. Sabika sat up quietly, careful not to wake the sleeping Kanika on the other end of the Queen size bed. The wet fabric of her boxers pressed against her thighs as she moved a hand to garrison her fortress.

The moment Sabika’s hand had made contact with herself, her body convulsed as if suffering from an electric shock. Oscillating waves of pleasure shot through her spine, sending tingling sensations raging across her forehead and her toes. She felt the walls of her abdomen tensing and loosing with intense force, in sync with the pulses that rocked the sea of dampness beneath her hand. The pulses slowly faded away and Sabika faded into sleep with them.

The next morning however, Sabika noticed the sizeable stain left on her shared pale green bedsheet. She was utterly mortified as Kanika teased her, saying she had wet the bed. Since that day, Sabika had made it an effort to ‘satisfy her womanly needs’ at least twice a week, so as to prevent such ‘incidents’ from repeating themselves.

Seeing as Kanika had left the house, Sabika bit her lower lip softly and jumped back into the bed, now all by herself. She hadn’t touched herself since last Tuesday, more than a week ago. Now however, on a Wednesday, alone and unencumbered with chores at home while her roommate exerted herself, she realized she finally had the time.

Sabika walked over to her bedside drawer and pulled out her laptop and (from much further back) her vibrator she’d sneakily bought from Goa. It was far too loud for her to use normally, but it was ideal for situations such as this. She placed the laptop on her stomach, propped her head up with some pillows and navigated to Local Disc D/ Images/ Kanika/ 34#%@52#% Sabika’s heart beat faster and as she clicked on the folder she moved her right hand down, out of visibility, behind the laptop screen, and switched on the vibrator which hummed powerfully.

The folder was empty, save for a sole video titled DrunKanika_toilet.3gp Sabika clicked on the video, her heart beating frantically in her chest. Sabika had taken this video on her phone almost two years back. Despite how close the girls were, Sabika had never seen Kanika completely nude, except once ………. This once. Sabika had taken the video around two years back on her [Sabika’s] birthday. The girls had gone out clubbing and had gotten quite inebriated off the free shots the club offered to women. Sabika had managed to squeeze past the throng of women into the washroom once in the night, but Kanika hadn’t been that lucky.

When they were in a cab and less than halfway home, Kanika had begun whining about her bladder, laughingly pleading with Sabika. Sabika had then pulled out her phone and jokingly began videoing the entire chain of events. Kanika had initially resisted and hid her face, but in a matter of minutes had forgotten the whole thing and was pleading once again. As VLC media player opened and Kanika’s voice whined through her speakers with cries of , “Mujhe bathroom Chaiye!!!”, Sabika moved her humming little friend into position between her legs and her whole body tensed, paralyzed as if by accord. As Sabika moved the device up and down, her back arched and her toes bent straight in line with her foot ( like ballerina feet) as her legs slowly bent upwards into the air…

Meanwhile Kanika was standing in the blistering hot Surat sun. The brightness stung her eyes as she squinted them tightly. The queue was gigantic! Hundreds of people snaked around the complex, all orderly waiting for a chance to exchange a handful of money. Kanika cursed herself! If only she’d come here yesterday, this could have been averted. ARGH!

$$

Unfortunately however, Kanika had no choice. She needed that money by today or the consequences would be dire. Her landlord had threatened to evict them if they were late again. Kanika sighed inwardly to herself, a sigh of acceptance, and pulled out her headphones from her pocket and began to untangle them. As she fiddled awkwardly with the wires in front of her, she became aware of two men, sitting leisurely on a motorcycle in the distance, sipping chai and brandishing cigarettes, looking at her repulsively. Kanika quickly averted her eyes, plugged her headphones into her phone, pressed play and forgot all about it in the repetitive beats of Honey Singh’s “Blue Eyes”

An hour had elapsed since Kanika had come down to withdraw money. Still, the ATM line in front of her showed no sign of drawing to an end as it snaked off and away down a dusty road out of her apartment building and towards the sole ATM in the vicinity. The line behind her looked even more gargantuan than the line in front of her! People had gathered in such vast amounts it was disconcerting to say the least.

However, standing in line this long was beginning to take its toll on Kanika as she swayed faintly beneath the searing heat. Immediately the two strange men that had been watching her from the comfort of their bike the entire time sprang into action. One came and held her upright so she didn’t fall while the other helped lower her into a gentle sitting position on the rim of the sidewalk. The men asked for water from the crowd. One kind elderly gentleman in front of Kanika pulled out a Bisleri bottle with the label torn off and handed it to Kanika who gulped at it ferociously. Kanika thanked them, returned the water bottle to the old man and continued waiting in line.

Twenty minutes down the line and as the beats of “Pani Pani Pani” rang through her ears, Kanika knew she was in a desperate fix. To add to the dizziness and fatigue, Kanika now felt another worrying presence making itself known: that of her bladder. She stood on her toes and craned her neck but still couldn’t see the end of the line. Her bladder tensed in protest, sending its contents rushing to her urethra which she managed to clench just in time.

10 minutes later and Kanika’s need had increased exponentially. She ground her legs against each other and often bent into crumpled tensed half squats, with her fist clenched between her thighs. She knew that she couldn’t wait any more. In desperation she pulled out her phone and texted Sabika, “ Sorry, can’t get the money. Too many people. Heading back”

Kanika was about to leave the queue and search for a bathroom when she noticed the two men who’d been looking at her earlier staring again as she shuffled in place. From the distance she was at she could see one man’s lips form the word “peshab” as he spoke laughingly to the man next to him. Infused with anger, Kanika stormed over towards them. “What!! What did you say!! Tell Me!!” , she began to shout. The crowd , bored of their monotonous wait , quickly turned to watch.

The taller and better looking of the two men, introduced himself as Patel and leaned in to Kanika’s ear and whispered, “ There’s a bathroom near here, if you want I can show it to you. My friend will hold your position in the line.”

Kanika was desperate and her nerves were frayed, she buckled easily and followed Patel without hesitation down an empty alley on the other side of the road.

$$

She followed him briskly for another 2 minutes and drew to a stop where he did outside a dingy stinking doorway with no door. The room inside stank and there were flies hovering around the dotted flaking squat toilet in the centre.

“You go!”, Patel whispered huskily, “I’ll stand guard”

Kanika was in no situation to refuse and within a matter of seconds, had tiptoed into the stall, yanked off her kurti and was pissing ferociously into the small dingy bowl. The sound of her release echoed off the walls and rang loudly in the streets; Patel’s loin began to stir.

A relieved Kanika stepped out of the stall and looked at Patel. Unbeknownst to him, she too had felt a tingle in her most secret of areas as she saw Patel, visibly aroused, nobly standing guard as she voided herself. She looked at him passionately for a matter of seconds, and then leapt on him with the ferocity of a wild tiger. She jumped into his arms as she kissed his face frantically. Patel stumbled backwards, carrying Kanika into the small stall from whence she had come.

Patel took two large steps over the toilet, and held Kanika up against the wall. Her legs were fastened around his waist and his hands held her from her armpits. In this position, with her legs spread, it was only a few thin layers of cotton separating his throbbing manhood from her dripping lips.

As his manhood rubbed against her, Kanika was aroused to the point of tears.. “Under dalo!! Under dalo” , she frantically whispered in the heat of the moment. Patel had but to slip her salwar down a few inches, over the voluptuous curvature of her ass before he was able to slide his aching 5 inches inside of her starved body as they joined, convulsing in shared pleasure.

Patel thrust harder and harder and faster into Kanika’s soaking garden. Kanika clawed his back as she moaned animalistically, echoing the waves of pleasure that tore their way through her body. Her gasps build up, faster and faster, until it was just one mind numbing cry as Patel tensed, and jerked, shooting his seed deep inside of Kanika. That one final push accompanied by the warm explosion that followed it pushed Kanika over the edge as the lurking orgasm ripped through her, shattering her mind as she groaned heavily and dug Patel’s back so hard it bled.

Within a matter of minutes, sobriety had returned to the pair. Kanika pulled up her salwar, salvaged what dignity she could, and giving Patel her number, marched back to the queue. She found the friend in line, only 5 people away from the bank. She quickly switched with him, exchanged the money, and headed home to the house.

As Kanika reached the floor of her house, she opened the house door and walked inside to her room. To her surprise, the room door was shut! This was incredibly rare, especially given how close Kanika and Sabika were. Rather than knocking as any other friend might have, Kanika threw open the door and gasped in shock at the writhing figure of Sabika.

Sabika lay prostrated on the bed her hips and her bush circled rhythmically as her China made vibrator doing its job between her legs. Her other hand lay clutching the bed sheets on her left, as if for dear life. She rubbed her self and whispered, “ah aH aH AH Oh god I’m cumming….I’m cumming…I’m cumming,” as her eyes remained latched on the screen of her laptop. Kanika’s eyes fell on the laptop screen and she saw a video of herself, inebriated and squirming in the bathroom, trying with limited success to stand still over the commode as Sabika attempted to cut her baggy Patiala salwar string with a giant pair of scissors.

Kanika saw herself removing her top, so as to keep it out of the path of the storm, and throw it to the side at the exact moment that Sabika snipped her way through the troublesome salwar string. Kanika saw her Patiala collapse to the floor, revealing her visibly soaked green underwear which she peeled off without a second thought as a torrent of processed beer gushed out from between the hairy joining of her legs and splattered into the porcelain commode beneath her.

“SABIKA!!!!”, Kanika shouted.

But the orgasming Sabika could do little more than turn to Kanika in horrified ecstasy as the Chinese-made orgasm racked her body. Her eyes twitched, her hands and feet stiffened and her legs rose up as she cried loudly and went taut for a second. Sabika collapsed back onto earth in the form of the bed and lay there for a minute, gasping for breath before she could sat, “Sorry Kanika”

Kanika however was red livid with anger. She glared at Sabika and through her clenched teeth snarled, “We’re going to have a talk about this”, before she wheeled around and left the room, slamming the door behind her.

