My Girlfriends Hiking Habit

Author: Redboi

*000*2022-07-30 13:00

Hey everyone! I’m back with another story, but I actually don’t want this one to but a one parter like the last one. If it ends up just being a short story I’m fine with that, however I want to give a bit of a backstory to the main character and her reason for her habit. I don’t know how far this story will go, but we’ll have to see.

Part 1: The Camp Setup

I had met Kelly as a Sophomore in high school, and somehow our relationship has stood the test of time. We were now in year 5 of dating and wanted to commemorate it somehow.

I decided to talk to Kelly’s mom about it and she gave me a good recommendation: a week long hiking trip. Being in the start of the winter didn’t make it sound too appealing but I was used to harsh elements here in Minnesota anyways so it wouldn’t be too bad.

As I plotted our destination one place really stood out: the smokey mountains of Tennessee. There we’d be less likely to get pounded by snow even with the higher elevation. I made my plans.

Once I had surprised Kelly with the plans we set our date for arrival. After an extended plane ride and a long night at the hotel our first day on the trail finally started.

As we made our way into the car Kelly giggled to herself, “really, only one water bottle? You’re going to die of dehydration Kevin!” I looked over at her and couldn’t help but chuckle. She was holding two differently sized water jugs in her right hand, both however being around a gallon full. This was the one thing that always surprised me about Kelly: despite her petite frame she always emphasized hydration and the need for water. Her liquid consumption had to surpass mine tenfold, yet for all our time together, she’s never had an accident with me around. It’s quite stunning and cruel; she’s had many points where she’s come close, but her bladder has held up, at least when I’m around, but hey, maybe this could be the week where things change.

We decided to start early on our first day so the sun wasn’t quite out. The air was cold and crisp and you could see your breath in front of you but it wasn’t freezing out. Just enough to provide somewhat a bit of comfort. I had always loved the cold and Kelly was the same: the cold was something we were used to in Minnesota and we had both grown up to love. The snow, in particular, was our favorite, so we hoped we’d see some today.

As we strolled down the path I kept looking over at Kelly. Her body kept swaying back and forth and her face showed a little bit of concern but she kept moving. She was probably just a little bit cold. However, I knew she hadn’t gone to the bathroom since we left and had almost finished one of her jugs of water she brought along.

I could imagine she knew there weren’t bathrooms on the trail, and supposed that she probably knew as well that she would have to expose herself in public. Kelly herself was never shy about exposing her need to pee, however this time if she did need to pee she was looking like she was concealing it: did she not want to pee on the trail?

Then, I got my answer: “hey Kevin, I have a confession to make, could we go over towards a bush real quick?”

I smiled at her, “of course.”

She led me over towards somewhere a bit off the path. She seemed to really be struggling now, with her dancing in place constantly. She looked at me: “now, please don’t be grossed out by this, but” she paused and started to squat down. What was she doing? All of a sudden I saw it. A dark patch started forming on the crotch of her leggings and was rapidly expanding. It went from the size of a quarter to about the size of a fist as pee continued to pour out of Kelly’s body and into her pants. A loud hissing sound only accompanied by the heart melting sounds of Kelly signing in pleasure could be heard. My whole body was shell shocked, unable to react to what I was seeing. My beautiful girlfriend was squatting down and wetting herself inches in front of me.

As her stream slowed my heart continued to pound in my chest. Adrenaline was still kicking in. I looked down at my girlfriend, who looked back at me and smiled sheepishly: “I guess I have a bit of explaining to do, don’t I?”

Thanks for reading! I hope you enjoyed this part and I hope to continue it soon enough.

*002*2022-08-10 19:40

Hi everyone! Sorry for a bit of the wait, this time of the year with moving back into campus for college is always packed for me but I have a little bit of time to try and continue more of my stories. I hope you enjoy part 2; I had this portion actually planned out before I had the first chapter planned so I hope it is exciting to read.

Part 2: A Daughters Promise

A cool breeze blew against Kelly’s cheek, which was already forming a red pigment from the cold weather she had been exposed to. Her mother Brittney had surprised her with a trip to beautiful Glacier National Park for her birthday and Kelly was excited for her first exposure to a National Park.

Kelly wasn’t really an experienced hiker but she had started to get into it by age 5 and now at age 12 she was no stranger to it at all. Ever since her mom divorced her old dad this was the way her mom could spend time with her when she wasn’t modeling or taking photo shoots.

People always told her she was lucky to have her moms looks, which she didn’t quite understand yet. Kelly was often confused when boys would stare at her at school and how teachers would treat her better than the other students. She would ask her mom and her mom would just say, “because you’re an amazing girl, honey!” It still didn’t change how much attention she got over the years, and Kelly felt like it was getting worse the older she got.

Trips with her mom were when she felt the safest, and with no one around she felt free to fully express herself. Today she and her mom would be hiking some of the trails by the south entrance of the park, and Kelly made sure to pack plenty of fluids for the journey. While she had water with her, she made sure her mom brought some sprite and fanta as well for when they ate lunch.

They set off just before noon, and the sun beamed down on Kelly’s face as she stepped out of the car. She made sure to take periodic drinks of her water bottle throughout their first hike, as they got plenty of beautiful views of the glaciers on the mountains in the distance.

Once they stopped for lunch Kelly felt her bladder twinge. This didn’t sway her away from indulging on her sprite, as she had around a quarter of the liter bottle they brought. She quietly thought to herself, it’s fine, we’ll just find a bathroom next trail we get to.

As they progressed through trail after trail the pain in her bladder continued to get worse and worse with no bathrooms in sight. Kelly felt her body weight feel much heavier with every step she took. It was starting to become agonizing. She wasn’t one for vocalizing her bathroom urgency in public, but she felt comfortable doing it around her mom, “hey mom, I really have to pee, could we try to possibly find a bathroom.”

Her mom had looked like she had been shifting every once and a while as well, so Kelly thought she was probably facing the same issue. “Here Kelly, let’s get off the path, I need to show you something.”

Brittney led her daughter off the path into a little remote place in between a couple of dead trees. She motioned for her daughter to crouch down with her. She spoke calmly, “have you ever seen people pee in the woods before?”Kelly nodded her head. Her mother replied to her response, “well, I’d be concerned for those people, because people in the world are creeps. They try to take advantage of your body when you’re in a vulnerable spot, whether that be staring at your bare body, taking pictures of it, or even worse,” she paused to shake her head in disapproval, “So, I need you to promise me something. From now on, if you need to pee on a hike, go off the trail, and go into your pants. I don’t need my beautiful daughter being exposed to the world, especially when you’re on your own. Do you understand?”

Kelly reluctantly nodded her head in agreement. “But mom, how am I going to go now?”

Her mom smiled at her, “I’ll teach you. Right now I want you to imagine that you’re on the toilet and to just relax. Just… relax.”

Kelly tried focusing her mind and relaxing her muscles, but immediately tightened them back up from force of habit. She then tried relaxing them again, this time not clenching back up. The pee now felt like it hit a brick wall that was stopping it inches short from her urethra.

“You might need to try pushing it out. Push as hard as you can.” Her mom's words were calm and steady.

Kelly headed this advice. She pushed with all her might. At first, nothing. Then she felt something. A little trickle had started dampening her panties. Immediately this caused her to clench up, feeling her heavy weight of her bladder. She then tried pushing as hard as she could again, but this time, a forceful stream jetted out from her clit. She didn’t clench up this time as a stream started pouring out from her body and into her pants, dampening the ground below her. The feeling was weird but strangely comforting, the warm washing all over her and giving her a tingling sensation that bounced around her body.

Her mother smiled at her, “good job honey! Now it’s my turn.” Her mom’s leggings crotch immediately turned a different shade of red as pee started pouring out of her and onto the dead leaves below them. Her stream and Kelly’s combined to fill the air with a comforting gushing sound that was only washed away by the constant breeze. Kelly’s stream slowed gradually until it came to a stop, however Kelly found the effort to push some more out, much to her own satisfaction.

Her mothers stream lasted a good half minute more until it finally came to a stop. Her mothers face was filled with relief and pure joy. “See, doesn’t that feel amazing?”

Kelly smiled and nodded her head.

”Anytime now you want to go pee today, just let me know and you can go off the path.”

Kelly and her mom stepped back onto the path, with Kelly still feeling a nice warm, grabby sensation around her area which sent a shiver down her spine. I could get used to this.

Thanks for reading! I hope this chapter fulfilled your expectations and I hope to release at least one more chapter within the next few days.

*005*2022-08-19 21:12

Thanks to all who like my stories and provide helpful feedback to make my stories better! I’ll try to keep up with the stories as best I can!

“And that’s how it all happened.” My beautiful girlfriend then stared up at me, her beautiful locks brushing against her face and occasionally getting in her eyes. My only response was really in silence. My girlfriend Kelly, a girl who had never even gave the impression of someone who would regularly had accidents, purposely wet herself for years on hikes.

It took me a while to find the correct words for the situation. On one hand, if I poured out my true feelings she might be grossed out by my interest. On the other hand, it was no better time to enhance our relationship and give her positive reinforcement that what she doing was not abnormal and weird.

I found myself finally spitting out words. “Honestly Kelly, it’s amazing…” I couldn’t find anymore words to say as my mind once again blanked.

“It’s amazing?” She looked at me smiling, as if egging me on.

I drew in a sharp breath, I really had no turning back at this point. “Yeah, I found that really hot.”

Her smile grew, this time much wider. “So me peeing myself is hot to you, huh?”

It was cold, but I felt beads of sweat start to form on my forehead. “Yeah..” was all I could manage.

She leaned over closer to me and whispered to me, “then there’s plenty more where that came from.” This sent shockwaves throughout my body. My heart started doing backflips.

Kelly broke the brief silence by rising and turning her backside to me, allowing me to revel in the sight of the obvious wet patch on her crotch. She then turned to me, “should we get going?” She then took a big glug of her water.

Is this really real?

…

Our next stop was at a small falls, which wasn’t too far down the path. I brought my phone for pictures of stuff, but to be honest, I was focused more on what was in front of me. Kelly was my main focus, and it heavily got my attention when she started squirming slightly a little bit after we took off.

It really was a sight: the sight of my girlfriend intentionally holding back her pee yet knowing she was going to go pee in her already wet leggings. She really was putting on a show for me.

As time progressed and her desperation grew worse I was anticipating the inevitable, when finally came when we hit a lookout point for the waterfall.

Her voice was calm but audible, “babe, I can’t hold it anymore. I’m going to pee myself.” She grabbed my arm and led me towards the lookout point, where we found a lone bench without a lookout towards the waterfall. The bench had little holes in it, and immediately I realized what was about to happen. We were alone, so there was no need to hide or conceal her wetting. She looked at me, “come sit with me?”

I sat down after her, completely ignoring the sight in front of us and instead focusing solely on her. She then rested her head on my shoulder, “I love you so much.”

I kissed her forehead. “I love you too.”

She sighed and spread her legs out. I then heard a familiar hissing noise and looked over to see the wet patch on the crotch of her leggings grow and expand, followed by the pattering of her pee falling through the holes of the bench and falling onto the ground below us. She had her eyes closed, breathing heavily. At this moment all I wanted was to hold her and never let her go.

This was truly sensational.

Thanks for reading! I hope you enjoyed this section as much as the last two. I’m going to try to find a couple more creative ways to expand this story so stay tuned for that.

