A fiction based off of an experience I had with a girl in school

Author: RagingPython

*000*2019-03-04 18:10

So, while I was reading some stories earlier, I was reminded of an experience I had a few years ago at secondary school. I don’t remembered the original events perfectly, but I know most of what happened. However, over the past few years I’ve forgotten a lot of the interesting details, (although I still remember the useless stuff like the fact that there were only girls in the queue and what lesson it was) and what’s left doesn’t make a great story. It was very early days for my fetish back then, I didn’t truly understand it, nor did I know there was a whole community of us, and my memory is pretty bad in general. Therefore, I’m taking the original idea and writing it into a fan fiction so that I can create an interesting story and others can enjoy my experience. So basically, this is a fan fiction adapting some real events from years ago.

Intro:

I was a third year at my secondary school, otherwise known as a year 9, and on this particular day was waiting by the toilets to use them. My school had (and still do, from what I’ve heard) an incredibly stupid rule where the main toilets are locked during lessons. This rule was in place because they were regularly vandalised, and to be honest I can understand them implementing it, however as I campaigned for during my entire time at that school there were far better ways of solving the problem.

As a result of this rule, there quite a few people (unusually, all girls.) in front of me waiting to use the single cubicle they kept unlocked. This didn’t worry me, as I could manage it for long enough I thought, and had a backup plan that will become important later. But, as a form of protest for this rule, I always waited until after break or lunch had ended to use them, so I was always wasting lesson time, and I had no regard for how much time I was wasting. I considered it the school’s time that I was using as I was supposed to be doing work instead of having fun at break. It was lesson 4 now, and it was about 20 minutes in.

End of Intro

Chapter 1:

I wasn’t expecting anyone to come and join the queue, as most people would simply hold it and wait until lunch; the reason why I was there was since I needed to go at the end of lesson 3 and decided that I shouldn’t have to be uncomfortable for an hour because of the school’s rules. I went to my 4th lesson, English, and did the first few tasks so I’d have something to show in my book, then asked the teacher if I could leave. The teacher, being terrible at her job, and to be honest a complete and total pillock, said no. So me, being the teenager I was said I didn’t care and walked right out like I normally would in that situation, and like how I encourage anyone else to do.

While I waited for the line to go down, I was surprised to see a girl a few years younger than me come down to the corridor, looking uncomfortable at the sight of me and the other girls. She looked like she was trying not to show how bad her need was, and started walking around the corridor as if trying to take her mind off of things. I don’t actually know this girl’s name; or even if I found out what it was back then. I expect I did, but as I am astronomically terrible at remembering names (seriously, I was once friends with someone for 4 years before I learned their name.) I expect I simply forgot it. Becaude I don’t know her actual name, I’ll assign her one for the sake of this: Maya.

Maya seemed alright for a while, although she looked uncomfortable when she stopped occasionally. However, after some time her need began to show more. She stopped walking around as much, instead pressing her legs together. She also started to fidget a bit whenever she stood still for too long. I was sat a distance from the bathroom, on a large radiator that was made of a strong metal that could easily support the weight of multiple people and was the perfect size for a bench, even having a wall behind it that acted as the back part of a chair. Even the teachers used it as a bench, so it was basically accepted that you could use it as one. Maya came closer to me, most likely because all the other girls were in a line near the cubicle chatting fairly quietly amongst themselves, and it seemed easier for her to mange in the quieter corner where I was.

Up close, the strength of her urge was more noticeable. She almost danced a little as she moved, squeezing her legs closer, and then apart quickly. I did something I very rarely do, and got up and started to talk to her.

”You can go before me, if you want.” I said to her, something I say even less often than I actually talk to someone.

”Huh? O-oh! Thank you so much!” Maya said back, surprised that I was actually talking to her after sitting silently for about 5 minutes. Her face turned a bit red at this, but she then returned to her holding.

End of Chapter 1:

Hopefully this is interesting to you guys. Most of what’s happened so far I remember better then some of the later developments, so this is one of the bits I have to modify the least. Nevertheless, I think this is gonna be a fun one to write. I should hopefully get some more of this and some of the endings to my other story up tonight, as well.

*002*2019-03-04 18:43

{{4 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

This is very interesting so far

}}

Thanks. I kinda wish I was more into this back then so I’d have known to remember this better so I could post the original story somewhere. Then again though, I have a lot more creative freedom writing this as a fan fiction adapting what I remember of the real events.

EDIT: Hang on, I just got another bar thing above my profile! Cool!

*005*2019-03-04 22:15

Man I wasn’t expecting this much attention so quickly. Guess it’s the draw of it being based off of an irl experience.

*006*2019-03-04 23:03

Note: I meant to say 10 minutes rather than 20 minutes in the first post. Somehow missed that when I proofread it twice to fix the errors.

Chapter 2:

After a while, Maya sat down on the radiator next to me. She looked very uncomfortable, and I was worried for her. Now, I’ve heard quite a few people like stopping others from going for as long as possible, if they let them all, but I’m not like that. I’d never force someone to wet themselves, and it doesn’t really turn me on as much as other omo stuff. When she sat down next to me, I tried to reassure her that the queue shouldn’t take that long, and she could hold it, etcetera etcetera. She smiled a little, but still seemed unsure.

This wasn’t the only time I’d been in a situation like this, and although I didn’t fully understand my fetish I knew enough to know I was weird to have it. Normally, I’d try not to mention it, ignoring the girl I was with’s needs whenever possible so I wouldn’t risk saying something weird or that would give me away. But now, I understood it more and I was pretty seriously turned on by Maya’s situation. I still feel kinda guilty about it. Despite how much I was secretly enjoying it, I still didn’t want her to burst, and tried to take her mind off of it.

”So, Maya, what year are you in?”

”I’m in year 7, how about you?”

”I’m in year 9, so I’m a bit older.”

At this point, Maya was around 12 and I was around 14. Maya was one of the oldest in her year, and I was one of the youngest in mine. I feel like it’s worth mentioning that this doesn’t go anywhere illegal or anything, considering our ages at the time.

”So, that makes you around 11 then? I’m 14.”

”Yeah. I’m actually 12, I was born in January.”

”Cool. Do you like the winter? It’s my favourite season.”

”I do, actually. Most people seem to hate it, but it’s so cold, and tranquil as everyone is hiding inside. I wish it snowed more often though.”

”Me too! We used to get loads of snow, too. I wonder why it stopped happening.”

We continued to chat like this for a while. Although I wasn’t sure it it helped take her mind off of it, it certainly seemed to improve her mood. The queue for the bathroom was still surprisingly long, it was almost as if the other girls were taking extra long because they wanted to miss most of their lesson, which I wouldn’t have been surprised to hear was the reason. Whatever the reason was, it wasn’t good for Maya. By now, it was nearly halfway through the lesson.

End of Chapter 2

Chapter 3:

I mentioned earlier that I had to go myself, and while it was nothing compared to Maya’s, my urge was growing. I was able to counter it by fanning my legs a bit, and focusing on Maya, which took my mind of off it. However, it was turning me on even more. I was trying to hide it from Maya however, as I didn’t want to remind her of her own troubles. I should probably explain how I ended up needing to go like this; and I still remember it. I woke up, like any other day, at 6AM. I got up, got dressed, washed my face and brushed my teeth. I walked downstairs, took my medication, and made myself a comically oversized mug of tea like usual before preparing breakfast. I then put on my uniform, prepared all of my school stuff that I’d need, and did my hair while the food cooked.

After I’d brushed my long, luscious hair, I walked back to the kitchen and kept an eye on the food until it was cooked, and then ate my breakfast and drank my tea. Then, I made myself another comically oversized mug of tea (I’m British btw, that should explain this a bit.) and sat down and did some reading for about 20 minutes. You might notice how I never mentioned going to the bathroom during all of that, and that was because I didn’t.

When I followed this routine, I’d deliberately not go to the toilet until just before I left for school, and then I’d finish my second mug of tea and I’d set off. I’m not sure exactly why I did this, but I think it was a carryover from when I was in primary school. During those years, I’d very rarely use the school toilets, instead holding it all in until I went home. I don’t know why I did this, I think it was a combination of embarrassment as a small child, me not liking public toilets, and also the fact that although I didn’t know I was into omo at this point, I knew I enjoyed pee-related things more then the normal person. I didn’t treat it like a fetish, but I have memories of holding it in private for longer than normal to see how long I could last and I expect this had some influence.

One thing I noticed however when I still did this during my first year of secondary school was that if I didn’t go to the bathroom before I left, I wouldn’t be able to hold as long during the day. But if I went like normal when I first got up, I wouldn’t always be able to go before I left. So I stopped going when I got up, relieving the entire night’s worth just before I left. I continued with this routine for a few years after, even when I started making use of the school toilets.

Anyway, cutting back to where we were earlier, I was reading quietly in my living room while I waited until it was time to leave. I had drunk a lot the previous night and was feeling the pressure more than usual, and my comically large mug of tea was making things quite uncomfortable. I was able to take it for the entire time, although I had to cross my legs, and as I sure you can imagine I was holding back a lot when I finally sat down in the bathroom and unleashed it all. Then, I drank my second cup of tea and set off like usual.

The second mug didn’t hit me until half way through my first lesson, but I ignored the urge. Lesson 2 it was a bit worse, but still fine. I had a normal sized mug of tea at break, which probably wasn’t a smart idea, but I did it anyway. Heading into lesson 3, I knew I was gonna have to visit the bathroom later, but I continued to hold it in as I really enjoyed lesson 3 because it was maths. The normal-sized mug hit me around the middle, and that’s why I had to go at the beginning of lesson 4. Remembering this, in the room with Maya, I wanted to ask her how she got so full but I was anxious to do so.

End of Chapter 3

*008*2019-03-05 07:00

{{

5 hours ago, Pee-Pants1995 said:

Loved it I do hope theres a part 4

}}

There will be, definitely.

*010*2019-03-07 00:43

So, sorry I haven’t uploaded for a while. I’m back at school (technically the same school that this story takes place in as it has a special section that does the equivalent of college. However, it feels like a different school as everything is quite different.) after nearly a month of being off at home due to illness and that means I have to start getting up at 6AM again and my body doesn’t like having to sleep on such a weird schedule, so I’ve been falling asleep really early and I only really have to opportunity to work on these during the night. I’m naturally nocturnal I think, and as such whenever I give myself the chance I switch to a sleep schedule where I wake up at 3PM and go to sleep at 7AM, and then fixing it is a massive pain in the arse. Anyway, onwards with the story:

Chapter 4:

I was sat on the radiator with Maya for a while. I swear some of the girls in front must’ve been just messing about or trying to bunk off lessons, as I distinctly remember one went in and came out like 10 minutes later covered in makeup. It was also possible of course that they’d noticed the trouble Maya was in and were just trying to make things worse for her. Either way, it lead to us sitting together for some time. We talked sometimes, but other times we’d be silent for a couple of minutes while Maya tried desperately to ignore her urge.

Although I was feeling nowhere near as bad as Maya, my own bladder was getting pretty full by now. I didn’t want too, but I was forced to cross my own legs. Maya turned to me after this, even more red faced than she had been for most of the time she’d been with me.

”Y-you should go first when w-we reach the front...”

”Huh? Why? You need to go worse than I do.”

“B-but... you’re already crossing your legs... And y-you were here first.”

”Really, Maya, it’s alright. You should go first. I can manage.”

”O-okay... I guess...” said Maya, almost as if she was unsure.

To my mind at the time, and to be honest even now to an extent, I wasn’t really sure why Maya did this. If I was in her situation than I certainly wouldn’t be telling someone else who’d already said I could go first that they deserved to go first instead. But I expect that’s probably just my lacking emotional understanding causing that.

At this point, I took a swig from my bottle of water that I carried with me. I’d been doing it periodically throughout the lesson, but this was the first time Maya had reacted to it. She almost moaned; an exclamation of discomfort that made me feel really bad for drinking in front of her. I don’t know if I triggered it, but the timing certainly implied it. Now, you might be thinking: “Why would someone who needed the bathroom be drinking?” And well, the answer is I kind of have to. This might seem like it’s too personal, but this story is based off of real life events that involve me and I feel like this context needs to be established:

All my life, I’ve “suffered” from autism and ADHD. Luckily, I’m rather high-functioning and can fit into society fairly well, still going to mainstream education albeit with some support in place. However, as a result of this I started taking medicine to help with this around Year 8, the year before this story happened. Year 9 was really a turning point for me during secondary school; I went from struggling awfully and hating myself for it during Year 7 and struggling with accepting my problems and finding solutions to them in Year 8, to finally finding a good level of medicine to take, and accepting that I was autistic and eventually I even became glad of it and accepted it as part of me. Although the medicine helped considerably, it did have a few drawbacks and some side effects. Most of them were fairly minor, but one of the side effects and a drawback are relevant here:

The side effect comes from the drug, which is basically a form of prescription speed with some slight modifications. It tends to cause users to feel thirstier. The drawback wasn’t really a drawback I suppose, it’s what was intended. As a result of the ADHD, I struggled to focus on things. The medicine helps with this, but meant that I focus too much on some things. One of these is thirst. If I’m thirsty when I’m on the drug, I end up getting completely and totally hyperfocused on it whether I like it or not.

So, combine that with a drug that makes you thirsty, and you have a recipe for disaster. However, I realised quickly during Year 8 that I could just carry a bottle of water with me everywhere. After some disagreements and arguments and skipping several classes to prove a point, most of the staff eventually accepted that no matter what they said I was bringing a bottle of water with me everywhere. By Year 9, it was a subconcious reaction and I barely noticed it anymore. I’d get thirsty, notice and automatically drink.

So completely subconsciously I was drinking in front of a girl who looked like she was about to burst.

End of Chapter 4

Chapter 5:

“Maya! Sorry, I-I completely forgot...”

”A-ah... it’s alright...”

”Really? It sounded really bad.”

“Y-yeah. I don’t mind...”

I explained to Maya the whole story with my autism up until that point. She was understanding of my predicament, and apologised for making me worry. I was very curious about how Maya had ended up so desperate, and couldn’t hold back my desire to know anymore and asked her.

”Maya, why did you let it get this bad?”

Alternating between fanning and crossing her legs, Maya answered with trepidation: “I-I woke up late... but I thought I’d have t-time still. I skipped my m-morning shower, and instead ran downstairs to get ready. I had some m-milk and cereal, and a cup of tea, and got d-d-dressed. Having realised I’d forgotten to use the b-bathroom when I woke up in my rush to get ready, I-I checked my phone and realised that my bedroom clock was slow. I immediately c-cancelled my plans and grabbed my bag, running off to school and j-just barely making it in time.”

Having had a similar experience before, I could sort of understand how this happened. However, I would rather be late than need the bathroom and would’ve prioritised that first, and failing that would’ve gone at the first possible moment at school.

”I-I had to go in lessons 1 and 2, but I was able to h-handle it. Luckily for me, I’d forgotten to u-use the bathroom before I went to bed, and w-woke up in the early morning feeling very full. I-I had to r-relieve myself d-during the n-night... which was scary, b-but I couldn’t take it much longer. I went back to s-sleep, and that’s why I woke up l-late, my sleep schedule was interrupted. Because of this, I wasn’t as full as n-normal when I left for school, and that’s how I’ve held for-for this long.”

Now this is where me and Maya (and most people to be honest) are different. I might’ve held it in for lesson 1, but if it became too uncomfortable I would’ve just gone immediately. I’d have asked the teacher politely, and if and when they said no I would’ve just walked out. If they were a good teacher I’d return to their lesson later, if they were shit like Mrs Cockerton from Year 8 English than I wouldn’t bother if there were less than 10 minutes of lesson left.

”I was so h-happy when break came and I-I realised I’d held it long enough... but I’d agreed to meet my friends yesterday. So I-I tried to take my mind off of it and went to m-meet them... I thought they’d understand and let me take a leak, but when I told them they said they had to go too and I should just hold it in like they were going to...”

This honestly still confuses me to this day. I distinctly remember this conversation, and although I didn’t remember until the day after, I had seen 2 uncomfortable-looking Year 7’s following another Year 7 who seemed to be having less trouble the morning before this happened. I followed them for a bit around the outside area, (in primary school we’d call it a playground but I don’t know what the correct secondary school terminology is) because I had nothing better to do and used my “excellent” sneaking skills to stay unnoticed.

They didn’t see me, but I was very turned on by the small girls being “forced” to hold it. The smallest Year 7 looked almost exactly like Maya too and I realised a few days later that it was probably Maya who I’d seen. The bit that confuses me is why someone who already had to go would ignore her urges because her friends were. This is also probably my autism here, as I’ve been mostly immune to peer pressure (excuse the pun) due to it and I expect this was something like that.

”Wait, you held it in just because your friends said they would? I considered going myself during break, but I didn’t. However, I know that the queues were tiny this morning. Why didn’t you just leave them and go?”

”I-I don’t know... I guess I wanted to prove to them I could hold it like t-they could... but I set off to lesson 3 feeling far worse than I did in lesson 2, and tried my h-hardest to e-endure it. Both my friends were in the class with me... my best friend K-Karen had drunk a can of lemonade during break as a ch-challenge from my other friend, Carol Anne Kennedy, and while she was fine at first she started cr-crossing her legs less than halfway through and was squirming by m-middle. She asked the teacher if she could go, and the teacher said yes, seeing her situation. I t-tried to ask too, but was told to hold it until later because I wasn’t as desperate...

C-Carol Anne was really annoyed at Karen for leaving to use the toilet, and she was a bit a-annoyed at me for trying to leave. It was kinda w-weird actually... she watched Karen wave her legs about and dance around strangely closely, and she started watching her li-like a hawk when she was squirming. Once she left, she moved onto m-me... it just felt o-odd.”

End of Chapter 5:

I’ll finish Maya’s story up until this point next time. For now, I’ll leave this here. It’s really interesting writing this because some of it I remember perfectly, like the conversation above, but other bits I remember almost nothing of. It’s also a challenge writing this because I want to include a lot of detail about myself at the time, but I don’t want to alienate people. It’s actually quite fun.

Also now that I think about it, Carol Anne seems like she might’ve been into it herself a bit. I remember Maya’s description of her better than most other parts of this, so it seems like I might’ve been suspicious even back then. I don’t remember Karen or Carol Anne’s actual names, so Karen I just picked out of a hat and I’m using Carol Anne Kennedy because I had an enemy with a very similar personality to what I remember of Maya’s friend.

Anyway, I hope you enjoy these chapters!

*013*2019-03-07 18:00

{{

12 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Omg I am so loving this

}}

Thanks!

{{

9 hours ago, Pee-Pants1995 said:

Amazing so far, perfect length, awesome description of what took place

}}

Thanks! That’s what I was hoping for!

*015*2019-03-07 21:41

{{

3 hours ago, Pee-Pants1995 said:

It made me feel like I was right there

}}

Wow, really!?

*017*2019-03-08 07:35

{{

8 hours ago, Pee-Pants1995 said:

Yes, really...

}}

Thanks! I’ve never really had other people enjoy stuff I’ve written before I started on this site...

*019*2019-03-08 15:29

{{

5 hours ago, Pee-Pants1995 said:

Well I've found this site to be very supportive of one another

}}

Me too! I wasn’t expecting anyone to notice any of these at all, but everyone seems so nice. I’m glad people actually enjoy the stuff I write.

*020*2019-03-11 02:37

Chapter 6:

Maya stayed silent for a bit, dancing and crossing her legs harder than ever, clearly trying her hardest not to give in. I gave Maya a reassuring look that showed her I didn’t mind, and I took the time to really look at her. Up until this point, I’d barely regarded how she looked at all. I knew that she was a couple of years younger than me, and she did look it too. I looked fairly old for my age back then and I’m also very tall, which lead to a rather amusing situation a couple of years after this story where I was mistaken for my dad by some hospital staff, so Maya looked even younger compared to me.

Maya had some nice, long black hair. I wanted to brush it, but I didn’t have a hairbrush and I knew she wouldn’t enjoy it in her current state. After moving on from her fair, I noticed her eyes. Much like mine, they were blue, specifically hers were a lovely shade of turquoise. Mine are an interesting shade of greenish-blue that some people mistake for grey, and weirdly are probably the least blue in my family. (My family all have blue eyes. Even our cat used to have blue eyes.) I remember looking at Maya, almost enviously, wishing I had such beautiful eyes, but I knew I wouldn’t be able to. Maya’s face was pretty, and quite small. Her features were cute, and her smile was entrancing, not that she was smiling at the time, but I remembered it from earlier when she had just arrived. She wore a rather large pair of glasses, much like my own, that took up a significant amount of her face, but made her look really cute. The red glow from her cheeks really helped boost the cuteness factor.

I realised, after looking at her, that Maya really seemed quite nice; I felt something, an unusual warm feeling that came with a few butterflies. I don’t really understand what I felt, but it made me want to ask more about herself and less about her situation. However, I was distracted from this strange feeling by her continuing her story.

”A-after lesson 3, we had to go to lesson 4... I-I really had to go... but I went anyway as I d-didn’t have time to go between l-lessons... I sat down at my desk, with Karen next to me. Carol Anne had to sit at the b-back, and she seemed annoyed that she couldn’t see me. I k-kept catching her looking at m-me whenever the girl next to me on the other side of Karen moved out of th-the way. 10 m-minutes in I couldn’t take much more... sitting down in an uncomfortable ch-chair... it was nearly t-too much. It didn’t help that we were d-doing a lesson on th-the water cycle. I asked my teacher if I could go, and sh-she luckily said yes. If she’d said no, I don’t know if I-I would’ve made it...”

”If the teacher says you can’t go, then you should just walk out immediately. That’s the way I do things. If you can’t just walk out, you should do absolutely no work and give them no respect whatsoever.”

”I-I don’t think I-I could d-do that...”

”I think you could. You are a smart girl, and from the sounds of your story, a strong one too.”

”M-maybe...”

Maya stood up at this point and seemed to be even more desperate than ever. Getting up looked like it helped a little, but she was still squirming faster than ever, and she kept holding tighter at herself with her hands every few seconds as if she was having to actively stop herself leaking. We still had 15 minutes to go, and I didn’t think Maya could last that long.

”O-ooh... I-I might not make it... R-Rosalynne...” said Maya. It’s also probably worth mentioning that that’s my name, and I had told it to Maya earlier when she told me her name, even though I didn’t mention that exchange.

”You can, just keep holding. Stay strong.” I said, standing up next to her and smiling. I’m pretty awful at smiling, but I tried my hardest to do a trustworthy, reassuring smile, and it seemed to work. I can’t really do that anymore, as I suffered a rather serious case of Bell’s Palsy as a side effect of 3 other diseases hitting me at once, about a year after this story.

”A-ahh... I-I feel so full th-though... It’s like t-trying to hold back a w-waterfall...” said Maya, almost wincing at that last word.

”Try to focus on other things. Imagining waterfalls isn’t gonna help.”

”Y-you’re right... I-I need a distraction...”

”Alright then, what did you do on the weekend?”

”H-huh? Th-the weekend? I... I-I didn’t do much... but I did some w-work on the novel I-I’m writing...”

”Wait, you’re writing a novel!? That’s amazing!”

”I-I guess... I doubt it’ll be g-good though...”

”Nah, I’m sure it’ll be great.”

”O-okay. I’ll try to make it good!” said Maya, before asking:

”Sh-should I ask you a question n-now?”

”I don’t see why not. Ask away!”

”U-umm... i-is there anyone y-you... l-like? N-no... l-l-love?”

”L-love!?” I replied, surprised at this development. My cheeks went red, Maya, such a pure and innocent looking girl was asking me if there was anyone I loved! Now, I was fairly immature when it comes to relationships at this point. I knew all the science, anything you could learn from a book, but I had very little practise. This meant that I could give definitions and example of most relationship-related things, even include sex and all of that, but I had had almost no experience aside from my girlfriend during year 6. So a sudden question like this shocked me.

I tried to think of who to answer with, and was glad to see that Maya didn’t seem to be as uncomfortable, it looked like my idea was working to distract her. I was friends with a fair few people, a fairly even amount of girls and boys, but was only really close friends with two of them, and I didn’t feel like I really loved anyone.

”I-I don’t really know...” I told her.

Before she could reply, she suddenly exclaimed with discomfort and quickly started holding herself like she was earlier. I saw her, and realised that she really wasn’t going to make it until the line (still another girl waiting and one in the bathroom.) would be gone. Luckily, I still had a plan:

End of Chapter 6:

*023*2019-03-11 06:31

{{

2 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

I wonder what this plan is but I guess I will just have to wait to find out

}}

The plan will be revealed soon, next chapter. I’m not sure if it’ll be tonight or not, as I’m back to waking up at 6AM so I might fall asleep before I can get a good chance to do some writing.

