Rexone_312[Old Stories from My Blog]: Desperate Dusky

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2025-12-31 09:30

Desperate Dusky

Hi everyone, i'm Dusky! Today i will tell u my story. It was a fine Monday, I woke up at 6 in the morning with a bladder close to bursting. I had not peed since last evening 6! And since I have a small bladder waiting for even 6-7 hours can be a tough job but a girl’s life is full of such situations. And that day I was especially happy becoz I had crossed the 12 hour mark for the very first time in my life! However a girl’s life can be full of such situation wherein she has to avoid going to the toilet like sometimes it can be privacy issues, sometimes the toilet would be dirty or sometimes u r just too busy to relieve urself!

As I got down from the bed I started taking baby steps towards the bathroom to flood my hot pent up pee, but just when my mother called me from downstairs, " Dusky ur bus has arrived!"

I was shocked! I could not believe I was that late! "Oh! ****! No time for a pee!", i said in my mind and hurriedly brushed my teeth and combed! Doing all those things in front of the white bowl was making me go nuts! My bladder was screaming for relief! But there was no peeing! Not one drop! It would waste too much of my time!

Soon I came out and dressed myself in my super tight and extra small bra, put on a skin digging thong ,a lycra body suit and a skin tight faded jeans with a thin but tight shirt! I don’t know why but I am very fond of wearing tight fitting and constrictive clothes! Although that day I was in a dilemma whether to wear the body suit or not becoz it did not have a zipper for answering the inevitable nature’s call in the next few hours. But soon I found myself trying to contain myself in that excessively tight body suit! I hurriedly came down and every step was making me realize the necessity of emptying the flood!

But unfortunately I was completely dressed and I had no time for it! I quickly had my breakfast with a pint of orange juice and two large cups of coffee and a pint of water! This was my mistake! My bladder was swollen and this new fluid was making its way straight to the bladder but I could not help it! I was getting desperate by the minute and a small spurt leaked out! Fortunately it was not bug enough and I somehow controlled the flow and locked back my floodgates! Then on I determined myself to shut it all in till the right time would come!

As I walked towards the bus I wanted to cry because the relief was so near at home but I could not use it since I was late! My thin and tight shirt had a very deep neckline which barely contained my 36F boobs which were sweating and shining then! But the actual problem was my jeans which was a size smaller than what I actually wore and was pressing so hard on my bladder! And that was a new type of jeans where in there’s no zip in the front but buttons and threads at the back which makes it even more tight! But I felt incredibly sexy since all the boys in the bus ogled at me!

I soon boarded the bus and found my boyfriend Josh waiting for me! He had reserved a seat for me although at the end of the bus. He could clearly read my body language and while sitting I mo aned unknowingly! I quickly took out my red blanket and covered myself over and to ease myself a bit! He was seeing all that and no sooner did the bus move he whispered in my ears,” Poor dusky needs to pee!”

I felt so ashamed and embarrassed that I could not hide my silly toilet needs. I did not want any one inn the bus to know about my predicament and so I turned to him and replied,” Ur getting me wrong honey. I am just feeling cold. And even if I need to pee I can’t! I will have to hold it in….

As time ticked by more and more liquid rushed into my bladder, thanks to my wonderful kidneys. I am so proud of them that they never stop working in spite of high pressure situations! I recounted how much I drank since the last 14 hours, I had consumed 2 pints of beer the previous evening, 3 pints of water with dinner, a pint of milk before sleeping and in the morning I had consumed 3 pints of various liquids! And all of these 9 pints, were being pushed to my already over stretched bladder and which had not felt relief since long and there won’t be any relief till the journeyends!

Absolutely no relief! This very thought sent a chill down my spine and all of a sudden I found myself getting more desperate and clutching my crotch beneath the blanket. The very fact that my jeans had no buttons in the front made matters worse! Gawd! Why the hell did I choose to wear it! Another wrong decision!

The bumps of the road were of high intensity as we were sitting on the last seat! I was moaning under my breath and was trying hard not to bounce and change my position, but in vain. I tried talking to Josh but he just could not talk anything but my desperation! I lost my cool and said “We girls often have to hold our pee, for long durations! Longer than u can imagine. And I am also a human who needs to pee, what’s the big deal with it!”

Josh heard that and kept quiet! I thought he got angry with me, so I slowly whispered in his ears, “Josh, don’t u need to pee too?” “Not at all. We boys can control ourselves very well! And beside I had relieved myself at 5 in the morning!”, he replied as if he was trying to challenge me indirectly! “ we will see then!” saying this I turned myself towards the window, looking at the scenery outside. However the road on which we were travelling had lakes on one side and forests on the other side. And it would make my condition worse. 

Also when the bus would pass a café or a restaurant or a petrol pump I would be at the edge of my seat! I would look around to see if there was any other girl in the bus who would need to pee too! But no one would get up! Sometimes I would consider getting up and got the driver and ask him to pull over! But that would make me a laughing stock among my friends as I could not even suppress my toilet needs for a few hours! Only if they knew I had not let my hot flood out since the last 15 hours!

I asked Josh to play some **** movies on his I pad and he happily did! I enjoyed watching **** and doing the same things with him very much. I hoped that would take my mind off my bladder but instead as I started to feel hot and wet I was getting more desperate! I was jiggling on my seat now but what pulled my attention was that Josh too was struggling to keep still. I looked at his 2 liter bottle to find it empty and now I knew the reason. The clock struck 12 (18 hours without a toilet), the bus turned to a Motel.

All of a sudden every girl was at the edge of their seats in a visible hurry and desperation evident on every one’s face! They all had been hiding their needs bravely! I felt so proud of my girly gang! On the other hand I could hear the boys murmur about their **** about to explode and few of them had started to crowd the exit with their hands tightly gripping their thing! “ Fuc*ing driver! Can’t he hurry up a bit?” yelled Josh with a strained voice with an obvious need relieve his bladder! I too wanted to end this mammoth hold as soon as possible!

The bus finally came to a halt and the boys ran to the toilet with a lightning pace and so did Josh! I too got down from the bus and went to the toilet with other girls albeit slowly and gossiping about our controlling abilities! We were finally in! soon the girls started to fill up the cubicles! I was waiting for my turn, squirming and bent forward. My legs were complete ly out of control and I was shifting my weight from foot to foot like crazy. Every time I would hear a flush or the stream of the girls hitting the bowl I would almost squat down with my legs crossed tightly to prevent an accident!

Finally came my turn ( drum roll) and I went inside the cubicle and started to undo my jeans. It was extremely difficult to untie the laces and the buttons without entangling them especially with a painfully crying bladder. I was getting shaky and was shivering with my tense muscles to avoid wetting myself! The white bowl was below, I had not controlling my pee since the last 18 hours and still i had to hold just becoz the jeans was so impractical and complex!

Finally came the moment of glory and I was able to undo my jeans! Hurray!

I quickly sat on the bowl and was about to open my so much tired flood gates to release my dam of hot pee! But I suddenly felt the skin tight lycra body suit rubbing ruthlessly against my tight thong! I had forgotten about it completely! It was insanely tight and I had a tight string thong inside too! And the body suit did not have a zipper at the crotch which meant I had to undo it, then pull my thong down and then release the flood!

Pee was right behind my pee hole and I was 1000 times more desperate! It was just like cutting a full force pee stream right when it was at its peak! I held my crotch tightly and held my breath to restrict my pee inside! I was in that position for around a minute and finally the pressure subsided a bit! I looked around and found that the space was too small to remove my body suit. I was panting and tensed just then a girl came to door and yelled,” Dusky! What are u doing inside? The bus is about to leave!”

“C—c—Coming! Just wait for me!”, I replied with an obviously strained voice! I pulled my jeans and came out without any relief! And now I was desperate beyond imagination! I asked her to help me to do the jeans! She started tying the jeans and mean while I had to take the support of the sink to stand. I was fidgeting like a mad girl! And was bending again and again.

The girl yelled,” Can’t u stand still?” I tried to smile and with all my courage and efforts I somehow straightened myself! She tied the lace and the buttons to its maximum tightness and the jeans was now digging into my swollen bladder! As we walked out of the toilet she noticed me walking slightly bent forward and with baby steps! I was sweating and I was gripping and clenching my fist! She asked me what was wrong.

I answered with a strained voice,” actually I have not relieved myself yet!”

“What! Why?” she exclaimed.

I replied,” first of all….my jeans is so complex and killing tight and to add to it I wore a sticky body suit inside without a zipper at the bottom! And I also have a bra and a thong beneath it! So u see there was no way I could pee!”

“What are u going to do then? Will u able to wait or should I ask the driver to wait?”, she asked sympathetically.

“No no! I will keep it in! we girls often have to hold our silly toilet needs! Don’t we?” I answered trying to cheer up.

“Very well then! I hope u make it dry till there. And yes remember now u r bearing the prestige of the girls’ of the entire world! U must stay dry all the time no matter how worse it gets! Good luck!” she smiled and answered!

Imagine my plight, It was 1pm then, 19 hours, a swollen bladder ready to explode, I was sitting on the bowl BUT STILL I COULD NOT PEE! I was dying for a pee! But I had to contain it within my bladder and I did not know how long it would take, perhaps a few more minutes, few more hours or an entire day!

Just then…..

Just then the driver started blowing the horn to call everybody to get back into the bus! As we walked into the bus, every second that passed getting away from the toilet the more close I was getting to wet myself. By that time all the girls came to know about my condition! Thanks to my friend! My friend asked me, “ why did u choose to wear the body suit on this day?”

“ I don’t know”, I replied,” I was in a hurry and needed something to keep myself warm! Who cares if I have to pee!”

“But how long will u manage like this?”, she asked again! “ Like I said girls’ cannot pee always! Lets see how far can is stretch myself”

I found Josh relaxed and smiling! It was obvious that he had released his pent up pee! What a shame! I jiggled and took my seat next to him! The moment I sat the extra tight jeans exulted its presence it cut deep into my bladder and I lost a big spurt! It was big enough to pass thru my thong, my lycra body suit and then make a golf ball sized wet spot on my crotch! My hands immediately flew to grab my crotch!

“U still holding!?”, asked Josh being frustrated.

“Yes”, I replied.

“ But why?”, he asked again! I could sense jealousy in his voice as he was unable to keep it in like I was doing! So I decided to let him feel the guilt of going to pee!

“Becoz I can hold it no matter what! I don’t feel the need to relieve even when I am at my limits! Besides I am a GIRL who can hold her **** unlike u silly boys who run to the toilet for the slightest need to pee!” I answered sternly! A few other girls heard me and started cheering me up and showing thumbs up!

Meanwhile David our college guide got up in the bus and asked loudly,” we are about to leave! Any one still needs to empty their bladders?”

“DUSKY!”, Josh shouted loudly,” she is deliberately holding her pee sir and she has got a wet spot on her crotch!”

David turned towards me and asked if it was really so! I answered,” sir my bladder is almost ripping apart but I can still manage it, hence I did not pee!” everyone in the bus was surprised!

“Are u sure? The bus does not stop for another 3 hours!” he backfired

“ Its not a problem sir, let it go on for days and I will still not relieve myself! Actually all the boys need to worry about it as they often need to pee!” I replied proudly. And hearing that there was an uproar in the bus!

David laughed and said,” Josh u better visit the toilet once more” And the crowd went louder. But now I knew my bladder was going to…..

But now I knew that my bladder would not listen to me that easily when it was so much over estimated in front of everyone and also the jeans! I felt like hitting my bladder for leaking a spurt but had I done so the bus would have been flooded! It was taking more than 100% energy and concentration to keep the pent up pee shut in! and there was a constant adrenaline rush in my stomach with the fear of wetting myself! And now Josh had revenge in his mind. He turned to me as the bus moved and said,” so u say that ur bladder can store as long as u wish?” hearing that my bladder fiercely reacted as if it was screaming “NO!!! NO!!!! NO!!!” and I adjusted myself to prevent one more shot of leakage!

“Yes, it can”, I answered simply. “Then u won’t mind some bladder torture, will u?” replied Josh with a grin of revenge on his face obvious! I was getting goose bumps becoz I realized that it was going to be a very tough journey ahead!

It was now 3pm, everyone had their lunch, me too! The only exception being that I was asked to drink a liter of water after that! And my ego asked me to do so. My bladder and ego were fighting a huge battle! Every liquid that I drank earlier till now resided in my bladder and my bladder was vibrating with the efforts to contain it and keep the flood gates shut!

I was sweating, my bum clenched, toes curled, fists closed so tightly that my nails were digging into my palms! Never in my life had I needed to pee so badly and never did I realize that I could my bladder so far! But I knew there was more than I could imagine was coming!

By 4pm, we reached the spot and all the squirmy boys and girls were again at the edge of their seats as they knew the relief was near! But there were surprises for us in store! As it was a trip for environment study we were provided with just tents and sleep bags! But NO TOILET! Our bus had halted near a river, which was flowing with a noisy stream!

I was finding it difficult to even let my breath out as I feared if I relaxed the inevitable would happen! Just then my eyes fell on other girls and I soon knew that none of them would dare to pee as the peeping boys were all around! Soon I got a message on my phone saying “ NO peeing for the girls!

Hold it till the night! In the darkness… u know!” I felt so proud of my girl community! The next moment we all started acting as if never in our lifetime did we ever need to pee!

However the shameless boys ran wherever they could to let their **** out and release the little amount of pee that they thought was inside! WEAK! They were! And meanwhile our guide David was giving information about the sight and various other related things! And all the girls in those skimpy skirts, skintight jeans, impractically tight underwears and deep neck lined tops could not help to hide their desperation! Everyone had a tense expression on their face and it clearly showed how badly every needed to attend the nature’s call! And those ooohs and aaahs had become common! But no one gave in.

And to worsen our situations we all were taken for river rafting too! Cruelty would shy away the way we were treating our bladders and my condition need not be mentioned separately! Every time the raft would bounce against the rocks and the water, the pee would try to gush out to see the outside world! And those safety guys had tied those safety gears and belts so tightly around our bladders that by the time we returned a few girls simply could not remove their hands from their crotch and were walking with baby steps with wet spots on their crotch! But it was surprising to know that none of them had an accident! However I …….

However I knew sooner or later I was definitely going to have an accident! I was preparing myself for that! The clocked seemed to stop and David’s instructions never seemed to end! And the pressure ever kept rising in my bladder! After the rafting we set up a camp fire and the cold soon started to hit all of us! Imagine the plight of the girls when they had to sing and dance around the camp fire!

They could hardly keep their legs apart but they all stayed brave! Each and every girl had their eyes glued to their watches! They all hardly bothered what was going around; the only thing that every girl had in her mind was “HANG ON! HANG ON! Just a few more minutes, a few more hours! U can do it! Hold hold hold! Don’t think about peeing”

At least I was thinking so! All of a sudden I heard Josh calling out my name to accompany me to dance! How cruel he was! It was 6pm and I had been keeping my pee shut in for the last 24 hours and was still holding! The ocean of pee inside my bladder was trying to rip off my bladder! The pee was millimeters away from my pee hole screaming for an exit! But I chose the other extreme! TO DANCE! With josh! I started slowly and as we picked up pace, my body started to rebel and after a few minutes I found myself running away to find a place to sit and cross my legs! Few of my friends looked at me and tried to smile as if we were having a mind conversation like “we gotta hold it!”

Amidst all the uproar and chaos however we got less bothered about time and when I looked at my watch it showed 8pm! I could not believe it that I had been without a toilet for 26 hours! And it gave me some inspiration to hang on and keep fighting! David was the only guy who knew about the girls’ condition as we would freely confide it to him and he would encourage us to hold it in! it made things more fun! But the rest of the boys were so weak!

Came dinner time and we made it using a portable stove which we carried with ourselves! A few of my friends were making dinner with David! It was obvious that with such a full bladder and long duration their systems and muscles had gone tired! And by 9pm most of the girls had a wet spot on their crotch but still they continued to fight! Another hour passed and by 10.30pm all of us had finished dinner and we soon started to get ready for bed! But that was the case for the boys! All the girls including me now knew that relief was so close and it made it very difficult to hold on and all of a sudden our desperation increased to new heights! The girls who seemed completely under control just an hour ago had shoved their hands in their crotch as it was welded!

The drinks at the dinner were the last thing we all had and it was hitting our bladders! And our bladder walls were tearing apart with the internal pressure! And we all longed for the boys to get into the tents and sleep becoz they would not like to miss a chance of the girls relieving them selves and flashing their things!

It was midnight! 30 hours without a break! Time was crucially slow but finally the time came ……

All the boys and girls had entered their tents with the only exception being me and Josh whom David allowed to stay together on Josh’s request! But by that time my feelings for josh had died. By the time we were zipping up our tent David came to us and asked me,” Dusky! Its time…u know!”

With a strained voice I exclaimed,” Finally I can go!” But all of a sudden Josh grabbed my arm and pulled me and said.” David she can wait! She said she can wait forever!” My eyes almost popped out in horror but my ego stepped in and I found myself blabbing,” Yeah David! Its not that urgent I can wait till tomoro easily!”

“Are u sure?”, asked David,’’ Ur body is telling some other story!” I looked at my belly and to my surprise I found the jeans at the end of its strength since my bladder had expanded so much in spite of the tightness of the jeans! And my legs were crossed tightly and hand shoved in my crotch but still I refused! It was as if my ego had its own mind! “As u wish but once u lock ur tent I won’t allow u to come out till tomoro morning 8!”

I was grinning seeing Josh considering the matter! But we locked it anyways! I knew Josh too had to pee a little but did not want to go in front of me!The night was hot inside the tent and I could not help but drink more and more to quench my thirst! I was nearing my worst nightmare of uncontrollably wetting myself! My bladder had expanded so much and my *** was too voluminous for that small body suit! Every contour of my body was gripped tightly by the suit and it was all too sweaty inside!

All of a sudden a huge wave of pee hit me and I had to bend double to keep it from coming out! But I heard a ripping sound from behind and the body suit seemed to get slightly loose and I realized that my body suit ripped up from my ***! Fortunately Josh did not hear anything becoz he was too busy containing his **** and his hands were glued to his small thing! Poor chap!

I had to keep myself still but at this stage of desp at 33 hours how do I keep still esp. when my jeans was digging into my bladder! I did not know how was I supposed to last the entire night without wetting myself and keeping my bodysuit intact! And situations worsened when I heard the rest of the girls started going behind the bushes of the tent! There were almost 20 girls who had to let their waters out! Once they started their torrents seemed to be endless and forceful! They nearly formed a small pool of pee and that splashing noise and their sighs of relief was making me go frenzy! There were tears in my eyes and my cheeks were getting flushed red! I too needed to pee! BADLY! Worse than anyone else could even imagine! But I myself had hit my fate by refusing the chance and morning was no option becoz I did not want to risk my privacy! Not at any cost! I had to hang on!

The night was horribly slow and I had lost the count of how much I had drunk but I was sure that all of it was in my balloon like bladder. All I wanted was to pee like a proper lady and never surrender in front of Josh! It was 6am now, 36 hours holding all my waters in! just then I heard a sob and I turned my eyes towards Josh and found he was frozen with his hands deep inside his crotch and unable to move. After a few second the inevitable happened and Josh wet himself! He was acting as if he was containing an ocean but it was a hardly 30 seconds ****!

I was disgusted with the thought that my boyfriend could not even hold his pee in front of me esp when I was bursting! Shame on him and neither could he appreciate that I had good holding abilities! It clearly showed how insecure he himself was and that was enough for me to get rid of him! I called David immediately to open the tent becoz by seeing his accident my need had become more pronounced and I wanted to let it go before the sun rose!

Fortunately he came soon and unlocked me! He was shocked to see me in that condition and when I tried to move the lace of skintight small jeans ripped off and my bodysuit further ripped off and now I could feel the cold air on my plumpy *** and it immediately reminded that now I could pee without having to wet my bodysuit or jeans! I moved out with David and witn mincing baby steps I got into his tent and explained him the entire story! I had a strained voice and my words ended in a whisper but I could stay dry till I told him everything! And he said that he would help me find some private place becoz the sun had started to rise but I was in no condition to take another step becoz I was really at my limits and my bladder was throwing severe spasms!

I asked David to come close to me and get my jeans and body suit undone! I had no inhibitions or hesitations to get naked in front of him because he was such a hot bod and besides I was looking forward to be with him! He came close to me albeit I could see a bulge in front of his tight jeans! I winked and pointed to that! He tried to smile embarrassingly but continued! I could see he was shivering and sweating and looked increasingly flustered!

I asked him,’ David! U need to go too?” he nodded! “U guys are just so weak! U cant even hold a days pee in!” After he did the untying of my jeans and body suit came in front of me and with a strained voice whispered,” I don’t know about others but a guy who has not let out a drop of pee out since the last 3 days can sometimes find it difficult to hold!” I was shocked and amazed at the same time! 

I rage of horniness ran thru my body and my ***** started getting wet! I had my hands jammed in my crotch as I listened to him intently! He showed me his basket ball sized bladder which he had been hiding from us all the time! Only at that moment I recalled that he was the only guy who stayed with girls all the time and had not availed himself any pee breaks even when everyone else did! He later explained how he hated boys showing weakness all the time and he wanted to change it!

I was too horny to let go but soon he helped me relax and I just could not hold it anymore and wet myself in front of him trying my level best to accompany him to hold but eventually I failed. He consoled me that it was fine! 37 hours is not a small time after all! I gave him a tight passionate smooch and confessed him that I had fallen for him! He returned it with even more passion! He admitted that he would need to release it soon but I teased him saying that he was looking weak and that was enough dose for him to continue his hold! Ever since then he had been my bladder slave!

And can any of u guess when did I let him pee? Ha ha ha! He is still holding it happily for me! ; -)

- - -

*002*2026-01-01 11:14

{{16 hours ago, Kelsie said:

Reminds me of the time when i purposely didnt pee when i got up, instead pee dancing through trying on outfits for 20 minutes and then eating breakfast for another 30. I didn't go until the absolute last second before it was time to catch the bus. 🙂

}}

@Kelsie

, I can't describe how happy I am to read a comment from a legendary member line yourself.

I'm glad you find it relatable and enjoyed it. There's something just so hot about waiting to finish 'just one more' activity before allowing yourself a break. Holding is second to none 🤤

*004*2026-01-01 17:50

{{25 minutes ago, Stu1313 said:

These are some great old stories that you have shared with us, thank you for bringing them back for all of us to enjoy 👍👍

}}

I am going to bring a few more. Stay tuned. 😍

*007*2026-01-03 10:37

{{On 1/2/2026 at 2:10 AM, Kelsie said:

Am I a legendary member??? Tbh I was thinking you are the legendary member and I'm just a rookie, and I was honored to receive a reply from you hehe

I never have considered myself famous on here or anywhere, esp with my fansly that had merely 21 subs at its peak

}}

You definitely are. I see so much activity from you and you are always pro-holding. It's sooo good to see that 🙂

