A barefoot beauty

Author: Ranpalan

*000*2019-09-13 22:40

Hey folks, just wanted to quickly write something more conventional, to remind people I can in fact also write hot girls bursting to pee.

Enter Emma. Emma and I were friends in college. The kind of friend you go out and grab a drink with and spend the whole night wanting to fuck.

Oops, did I say that out loud?

Yeah, I had a thing for her. She had a bit of a hippy bend to her—walked around barefoot, talked about peace and happiness, occasionally went to weird all-weekend retreats and came back talking about transcendent love and everlasting joy and what have you. She told me I had a pretty aura. She'd go without a bra half the time, and never seemed to mind that people stared. I'm not sure she cared that people stared, honestly. We were friends, so I at least pretended not to stare. I wasn't good at it, and she didn't exactly make it easy.

Let me paint you a picture. Brown hair, usually long enough to cover her nipples, always either loose or in a braid. She didn't like ponytails, she thought they damaged your hair... I don't know, she believed a lot of stuff like that. She wore linen shirts, 100% organic and natural and biological, and somehow they never made her itch. Is that a weird thing to think about? Maybe, but it's not that much of a stretch when you imagine what it must be like wearing something like that without a bra, with the fabric essentially rubbing you... Yeah, I've got a dirty mind, guilty as charged. And I have no clue if things work that way, maybe she actually never noticed it. If you're reading this and tried, don't hesitate to let me know what it feels like.

Back to Emma, though. I've gotten down as far as her navel, and now I've got to tell you this: Emma hated jeans. I'm not sure why, she'd have looked fabulous in them, but she only ever wore skirts. Short skirts, long skirts, all kinds of skirts, but always skirts. It made the sight of her ass when we went swimming all the more a treat, but honestly, the amount of leg I got to see more than made up for it. And speaking of legs...

Emma had feet. Yeah, I know, duh. But—okay, I might have a thing for feet—Emma's feet were fucking gorgeous. Cute, tiny toes, round heels, a little birthmark on her right ankle... I know, I know, you probably don't care quite as much as I do, but given I spent about as much time staring at her feet as at her boobs... Hey, I'm sure some of you will understand.

Best of all, she never wore anything but sandals. In the summer, she'd go completely barefoot more often than not, and in the winter she'd wear the most revealing sandals you could imagine. You could start at her toes and work your gaze upwards, over her calves and then thighs, having to skip a very interesting bit by her waist, catch a glimpse of her stomach, and maybe a bit of cleavage if her shirt collar was particularly wide.

Did I mention I had a thing for her? I totally had a thing for her, and I hope you understand why.

But you didn't come here just to hear about some girl I was crushing on, did you? No, I'm bringing her up because there was a particular time I think you might want to hear about. Three words. Boat. Beer. Bla...

Actually, I don't want to spoil it. Two words for now.

It was a warm evening in June. We'd just had dinner at her parents' place; her dad was a fisherman on the lake, and her mum had baked his catch in the oven, served with potatoes and a side of radish salad... The taste—well, I'm sure you can imagine, and if I describe any more of it, I'll get too hungry to write the rest of this. The dinner was a blast, I ate to the point of barely being able to get up, and her mum was plying us both with wine. A rather sour draught from France; I prefer sweet stuff myself, but it wasn't at all bad. We must have had half a bottle each by the end of dinner, and usually that would be that and I'd go home, but her mum was clearly trying to get us together.

"Why don't you kids take the boat?" she asked in an emphatically innocent tone.

And, really, why not? Her husband tried to say something, but I think having the kids out of the house was just as much an incentive for him, too, and before long we were sitting in the boat, me at the oars, Emma across from me. No bra, no shoes, just a skirt and a shirt even looser than what she usually wore. She sat at the back of the boat, facing me, her feet lifted up to rest by my side. The diva. I'd have given her a pat on the ankle, at the very least, but my hands were busy on the oars. Later, I told myself. Later we'd stop somewhere and I could offer her a massage...

Relevant for you, by the way: her mum had slipped us yet another bottle of wine, and Emma was sipping from it as I rowed us away. That night was the one and only time I thought we'd really end up having sex: Emma was playing with the bottle opening with her tongue, eyeing me mischievously, and I for my part was more than ready. I think she could tell, because she moved her feet to my lap, just a little too far down my thighs for it to be improper. She was nervous, I think, because she was definitely going at that wine.

It took half an hour for us to get around a bend in the shore, out of sight of her parents. The bottle of wine was practically empty now. She let me play with her toes and start on a massage. For all of five minutes, life was bliss.

"Lan?" she asked me, a note of concern in her voice, "Lan, could we go back to my house please?"

There was something about her request that I didn't get. If I'd been as smart as I am now, I'd have said yes and we'd have gone back and had sex in her bedroom and life would have been bliss for a few hours longer. If I'd been just a little smarter, I'd at least have gotten us to shore—though her dad had told us we weren't allowed to do that.

I wasn't smarter. I tried to get her to stay out with me for a while longer.

Argh, sorry to cut this out just as the fun part is starting, but I've got to go for now. ^^; But I hope I've got people interested in seeing part two.

