Hanekawa's Dilemma

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2021-02-11 23:23

Another story commission, this one in a series I'm quite familiar with, that being the Monogatari series! This one was commissioned by @Infecteddeer12

! Naturally, since I already like the series, and I like Hanekawa's character, I had a lot of fun writing this one!

Hanekawa's Dilemma

To say that Hanekawa’s home life was rough was a bit of an understatement. Two distant adults, living in a home with a child who was not their own, and a child living under the roof of two people she could hardly call her parents. Most of the time, they neglected her needs and largely ignored her, and when they did pay attention to her, it usually wasn’t a good thing.

Still, over the years, Hanekawa had learned to live with this kind of situation, and was usually rather self-sufficient. She cooked for herself, did her own laundry, and back before a particular incident had burned down her old house, she silently put up with sleeping in the hallway because she didn’t have a room.

Luckily, she now had her own room, but she largely suspected that was mostly because her step-parents didn’t have an excuse not to give her one anymore, now that they had a bigger house. They largely treated her the same overall, but Hanekawa was quickly coming up on the age where she’d be able to be self-sufficient on her own, and she could leave them behind anyway. Most days, she was able to ignore it.

Today was not one of those days.

Every once in a while, Hanekawa would do something that would annoy her step-parents. Well, in truth, she got the impression that her very existence annoyed them. But sometimes it would be something in particular. She didn’t always know what it was. Sometimes they’d tell her, but sometimes they’d just take their general anger out on her in one way or another. Usually it was small, inconvenient things. Eating a meal she had prepared for lunch the night before, leaving their dirty clothes in the laundry machine so she couldn’t wash her own clothes.

Hanekawa supposed that this was another one of those petty things. She was fortunate enough to have gotten a room, but the house wasn’t large enough to have more than one toilet, and currently it was being used. Or at the very least, the door was locked. A knock garnered her no response, and she doubted there was actually anyone in there. This wasn’t uncommon. Just another way for her parents to inconvenience her.

Hanekawa let out a small sigh and continued on with her morning routine. She used the kitchen sink to freshen up instead, fixing her hair as best as she could without a mirror and brushing her teeth. She then grabbed her things for school and left the house. She never bothered calling out that she was leaving these days.

As she walked, Hanekawa felt a nagging signal from her bladder. Deprived of her morning pee due to the locked toilet, Hanekawa just hoped she’d get to school early enough that she could go before her first class. At first it was no big deal. The walk to school wasn’t that long, and Hanekawa’s urge to pee wasn’t overwhelming. She’d definitely be able to hold it.

However, the longer and longer she walked, the worse her need got. She tried to remember if she had gone right before bed the night before, but she couldn’t remember. If she hadn’t, then the last time she went was after dinner. That would’ve been quite a while, and would definitely explain her increasing urge. However, she would’ve woken up bursting that morning if that were the case, so she figured she must’ve gone before bed and just couldn’t remember.

Still, being a girl who was diligent about getting a full night’s sleep, that meant that she hadn’t relieved herself for at least 8 or 9 hours by now. Even if she was running on empty when she went to bed, her bladder would’ve undoubtedly been filling up slowly all night.

Hanekawa bit her lip and quickened her pace. As the class rep, she had duties that extended beyond those of a regular student, and therefore she needed to talk to the teacher before class today. If she didn’t get to school on time, she’d have to choose between her bodily needs and her responsibilities.

She made a beeline for the school and hoped that she’d make it in time.

Naturally, that was when she ran into probably the worst possible person to run into at the time. Araragi Koyomi.

Well, run into implied that it was a casual meeting. Like two friends meeting each other on the way to school. If it had been something as simple as that, Hanekawa wouldn’t have been nearly as concerned.

“Hanekawa! Thank goodness! I’m saved. As you can see, I’m in a bit of a bind, and I could use your help here.”

A bind was an understatement. Araragi was, for some odd reason or another, stuck hanging upside down at the top of a pole for a traffic signal.

Given Hanekawa’s current situation with her full bladder, as well as the fact that this was undoubtedly the result of some incident involving an oddity and she really couldn’t afford getting roped into any of that right now, tempted Hanekawa to keep walking. And she almost did. She waved politely to Araragi as though this were a very casual situation, and began walking on by. But then three steps later she let out a sigh, stopped, and turned around.

The pole had numerous metal studs sticking out of it that she could just grip with her outdoor shoes. She climbed the pole, wincing as her bladder yelled in protest, and began ascending. Climbing with a full bladder was trickier than she thought. Each time she raised her legs to catch the next stud, she felt waves of sudden desperation wash over her. Somehow, though, she managed to stay dry as she reached Araragi. He had been tied up with some sort of bandages, which weren’t exactly hard to cut through, and soon, he was free.

Unfortunately for Araragi, free also meant that he had nothing holding him up anymore, and he fell to the ground with an unceremonious thud.

Hanekawa began climbing down slowly. Araragi had handled much worse, but Hanekawa didn’t trust a jump of that height. Even if she did, she definitely didn’t trust that she’d stay dry through the sudden jolt of a landing. Of course, this also meant that she was giving Araragi, who had recovered rather quickly, an unobscured view of her panties.

“Knowing Araragi, he’ll stare. Well, I suppose it’ll serve as an apology for dropping him on the ground.”

By the time Hanekawa had made it to the ground, she was forced to squeeze her thighs together as her bladder quivered from what she just did. Not wanting to wait around, she made sure Araragi wasn’t too hurt to walk, and started walking side-by-side with him as they talked.

“So,” Hanekawa began, “Why were you hanging upside-down from a traffic signal?”

“I got thrown into a TV and you didn’t rescue me in time,” Araragi joked. Hanekawa glared over at him, unamused. Her full bladder had left her with a lot less patience for his antics than normal.

“Okay, fine,” Araragi sighed, “I’ve been trying to resolve an issue with a mummy.”

“A mummy? You mean one those mummified corpses from egypt?” Hanekawa asked.

“Kind of. Well, not exactly. It’s more like, it’s not a true mummy. It’s just a mummified piece of some important monk who died a long time ago. But Yugino-san, one of our underclassmen, has accidentally awakened it by praying to it because of her mother’s illness, and…”

Hanekawa’s attention was torn away from Araragi’s explanation and once again to her full bladder, which was back to nagging her as she walked. Climbing had made it way worse, and she was finding it hard to keep her composure. She wanted to keep squeezing her thighs together while she walked, even though that would make her gait look awkward, and if Aaragi wasn’t there and she wasn’t in public, she would’ve definitely been holding herself openly right now.

Hanekawa fell behind Araragi as she walked, wondering what to do. After helping Araragi down from the pole, she was definitely not going to have enough time to both use the restroom and talk to the teacher before class. Biting her lip, she wracked her brain, trying to come up with some excuse she could give her teacher so she could pee before class.

Suddenly, she realized the answer was right in front of her, literally.

“Oh, Araragi-kun, you’re bleeding.”

Sure enough, in his fight with the mummy that had landed him in his precarious situation, Araragi’s pant leg had been torn, and beneath it was a still bleeding cut.

“Oh, so I am,” Araragi looked down, noticing the cut himself.

“I’ll escort you to the infirmary before class. You shouldn’t leave that open or it might get infected,” Hanekawa pointed out.

While that was true, and while Hanekawa was concerned with Araragi’s well-being, she’d be lying if she didn’t say she didn’t have an ulterior motive for wanting to take Araragi to the infirmary. If she said she was helping an injured student before class, she could slip off to the restrooms and finally relieve herself while also having a perfectly valid reason for not talking to the teacher before class.

Unfortunately, that also meant Hanekawa would have to hold it while taking Araragi to the infirmary, but hopefully that wouldn’t take too long.

By the time the two got to school, Hanekawa was seriously feeling desperate. She could feel a bulge in her abdomen where her bladder was pressing outwards. She could feel the pressure mounting as her bladder muscles fought to contain the urine inside her. What should’ve been her morning pee was sitting inside her uncomfortably, and she could hardly wait to let it out.

She wriggled subtly as she made her way down the halls, taking Araragi to the infirmary. When they got there, however, the school nurse was nowhere to be seen. This wasn’t uncommon. Their school’s nurse was notoriously lazy and would often sleep somewhere obscure to avoid his duties.

“Oh dear, it looks like the school nurse is slacking off again,” Araragi sighed melodramatically, “I guess the gorgeous and big-breasted Hanekawa-san will just have to be my nurse today.”

“What makes you think I’m going to do that?” Hanekawa asked, frowning.

“Well, it just seemed like something the diligent, kindhearted Hanekawa would do out of the kindness of her heart,” Araragi replied.

“You changed your description of me to be less perverted and more flattering. Are you trying to make me feel bad for not helping you out again?”

Still, for the second time that day, Hanekawa found herself helping out Araragi in spite of her own situation. Ignoring her desperation, she turned around and grabbed some first aid supplies, telling Araragi to have a seat. She knelt down to get a better look at the cut on his leg, and her bladder screamed at her in protest. Freezing in place and squeezing her thighs together, she fought back the wave of desperation and continued, hoping Araragi was too transfixed by whatever perverted nurse fantasy he was having right now to have noticed her discomfort.

She first cleaned the wound with alcohol, taking a bit more pleasure than she probably should have in pressing the alcohol-soaked cotton swab into the cut and listening to Araragi wince as it burned. She then rubbed antibacterial ointment over the cut, and finally dressed the wound with some gauze.

She stood up again and her bladder once again made itself known, and she had to fight every instinct to double over and grab herself. Instead, she drew in a sharp breath and clenched her thighs together, hoping that would be enough to stave off the desperation. Luckily, it seemed like Araragi was still caught up in his “Nurse Hanekawa” fantasy becoming a reality that he once again didn’t notice. She cleared her throat and said he could be excused, and he nodded and headed for the door.

“I have to talk to the teacher before class, so you go on ahead and I’ll head to the faculty room,” Hanekawa replied. Of course, she had no intention of actually going to the faculty room right away. She was absolutely going to the restroom first, but otherwise Araragi might have expected them to walk to class together.

“Okay, thank you, Hanekawa,” Araragi smiled, heading out and leaving. The second he was gone, Hanekawa grabbed herself and danced in place desperately. She needed to go right now.

“Geez, you’re still so helpless around him.”

Hanekawa recognized that voice. The sawarineko that had possessed her. Black Hanekawa. An oddity born from her stress. She had assumed after they had merged, that the being known as Black Hanekawa would cease to exist. But it was more like Black Hanekawa had become a background part of her personality. An inner voice that would sometimes chastise her for putting others, especially Araragi, before herself.

“You still go too far out of your way to appease him, even though you know he loves Senjougahara. You let him oggle your body because you feel good knowing that the person you like finds you attractive. Hell, you’re only bursting right now because you let him talk you into doing someone else’s job. You should’ve left him here and went to the restroom.”

Hanekawa ignored Black Hanekawa’s voice and made a beeline for the nearest restrooms. She could make it, as long as she walked there fast enough.

“Oh, Hanekawa-san, perfect. Just the person I needed to talk to.”

By some cruel twist of fate, Hanekawa’s teacher had run into her before she could make it to the bathroom. Now all excuses of taking Araragi to the infirmary were out the window. Hanekawa forced a smile as she squeezed her thighs together and started walking with the teacher while talking with her about some class rep stuff she had been asked to do. Mostly stuff about speaking with the student council to ensure their class had appropriate funds allocated for an upcoming event. It was mostly just paperwork and Hanekawa was more focused on her swollen bladder than the details at the moment. She was on full autopilot as she rattled off information she had gotten from the student council to the teacher, and presented her with some forms.

By the time they were done talking, they had reached the classroom and it was time for the first class. Hanekawa cast one last, longing glance at the restrooms she had passed straight by down the hall. She could hardly ask to go with her teacher standing right there. Instead, she reluctantly stepped into the classroom and took a seat, taking the privacy the desk gave her to clamp a hand down between her legs as she squirmed around.

Hanekawa was already bursting by the time she entered the classroom. Holding it through the entire lesson was going to be torturous for her and her already swollen bladder. She made an effort to look like she was preparing her materials to take notes, but all her mind could focus on was how badly she had to pee.

All I have to do is hold it until the end of class. I just have to hold it.

Minutes dragged on as Hanekawa suffered silently in her seat. Waves of desperation came one after another and she was restless underneath her desk. She tried to be subtle about it, but she couldn’t stop herself from rubbing her thighs together and clenching herself with one hand as she struggled to focus on the class.

A few moments later, Hanekawa got hit by a particularly strong wave of desperation. The signal from her swollen bladder when shooting up her body and she doubled over onto her desk, jamming her hand as she crossed her legs in an attempt to fight off the surge of pressure. Her bladder muscles quivered and a small leak escaped into her black panties. She bit her lip and clamped down even harder to try to stem any more spurts. She sat there like that, struggling, and hoping no one wouldn’t notice.

She almost leaked again, but luckily she was able to hold out until the wave subsided, and she went back to shuffling ler legs desperately. Sweat was starting to bead on her forehead, and as her eyes darted to the clock. She was only a fourth of the way into the class. She was already this desperate, and she still had to suffer through most of the lesson.

“Oh please, just go already! Is it really too much to just ask the teacher for permission?”

Black Hanekawa again. This time, in her mind’s eye, she saw the source of the voice. An image of herself, her own body. But with stark white hair rather than her natural black. She was wearing nothing but her own black bra and panties, showing off her ample chest and curves. The face was hers, although the eyes were not. Bright yellow with cat-like slits for pupils rather than her subdued violet. However, the most striking features that Black Hanekawa had that Hanekawa herself did not were the white tail and cat ears jutting out of her backside and hair respectively.

Black Hanekawa was sitting on the ground, tail flicking irritatedly as she glared up at Hanekawa.

“Seriously, is there any particular reason you’re still holding it? Perhaps you’re too embarrassed to ask. No, that wouldn’t be it. We both know you’re bold enough to speak up on your own if it’s something important. Besides, even if you were embarrassed, you wouldn’t risk wetting yourself over that, because wetting yourself would be far more embarrassing.”

Why are you here? You’re not helping.

“I manifest the strongest when you’re the one stressing about stuff. You accepted me as part of you, so I’m not going to go on any more rampages, but when you don’t take care of yourself, you’re gonna get an earful from me. Of course, we’re the same person, so I already know the real reason why you don’t want to just ask to use the restroom.”

Hanekawa continued to squirm in her seat as she pictured Black Hanekawa pointing an accusatory finger at her.

“It’s Araragi. You don’t want him to realize you were holding it the whole time because you were helping him. You don’t want him to feel bad that you once again sacrificed yourself for his own sake.”

If you already knew that, then you already know I’m resolved to hold it. You talking to me is only making it harder to focus on that.

“Geez, you’re such a pain. Let us go already!”

Just then, a wave of desperation struck Hanekawa, and she was forced to lean over her desk again as she desperately crossed her legs. Black Hanekawa also doubled over, jamming both hands between her legs as her ears flicked irritably.

You have to go too?

“I’m you, remember? As the sawarineko, I’m just an oddity born from the manifestation of your inner stress, that now resides in you. Since you’re bursting, so am I! That’s why I want you to get off your sorry ass and ask to use the toilets before you wet yourself!”

Hanekawa let out a sigh. Envisioning Black Hanekawa squirming around was making her own desperation so much worse, and given that only a few minutes at best had passed since she last looked at the clock, she was really worried that she wouldn’t make it through the lesson dry.

“Listen, you and I both can tell we’re not gonna make it to the end of the lesson. But fine, if you want to wet yourself, just make it fast. I’m bursting and it’s super uncomfortable.”

Black Hanekawa continued to squirm there as the mental image of her faded and Hanekawa shook her head. Of course there were various reasons she didn’t want to get up. One of them was, in fact, Aararagi. But regardless, she didn’t want to get into the awkward conversation with him later that it wasn’t like her to go in the middle of the first class, or have him worry about her unnecessarily. Moreover, she was moreso frustrated that this whole situation had stemmed from her homelife again. Even though she fended for herself, had her own room, and tried to ignore her step-parents, they still managed to inconvenience her.

Halfway through the lesson. Hanekawa drew in a concentrated breath. She could do this. Fight the waves of desperation. Shuffle around subtly enough to not draw the attention of the other students. Keep her breathing steady. Try not to put any unnecessary pressure on her swollen bladder.

She could see a small bulge sticking out by the hem of her skirt, and she got an idea. She subtly reached down and unfastened the side waistband, relieving some pressure. It was incredibly embarrassing and she was particularly self-conscious of the draft of the cool classroom tickling the small patch of now exposed skin. However, other people wouldn’t notice as long as she was sitting down, and it gave her bulging bladder much needed room. She let out a small sigh of relief, and tried to focus on the lesson once more.

Unfortunately, such a temporary method of relieving the pressure was bound to be short-lived, and sure enough, only a few minutes later, her desperation had once again reached the point where she could hardly sit still. Waves of desperation were striking her more and more frequently, giving her less time to prepare for each one as she watched the minutes drag on by. The teacher’s voice was a drone, the classmates around her were almost imperceptible. She felt like she was the only other person in the room. She was sitting there alone in silent agony, desperately fighting to keep the seat beneath her dry.

Her bladder quivered and another strong surge of desperation wracked her body. She doubled over her desk again and squeezed her eyes shut as she tried to fight back the inevitable flood. A spurt, longer than the last leak, escaped out of her and she had to bite her lip to stifle the shocked gasp that almost instinctively left her lips. She twisted her legs and clamped down with her fingers against her crotch until her nails dug into her skin as she fought desperately to stem the flow there. She managed. Another short trickle, and then she stopped. Her panties had a wet spot on them now, and her fingertips were slick with sweat and urine.

She removed her hands and felt her skirt. It was spared any wet spots, but she wasn’t sure how much longer that would last with how badly she needed to pee. Hanekawa leaned forwards and rubbed her swollen bladder in agony. She wasn’t ready to say she had never been this desperate to pee before, but certainly it had been a long while since she felt this level of desperation. She continued sitting there in her desk, fighting desperately as the minutes counted down, each second ticking by like a loud echo that taunted her with relief that was so close, yet so far away.

Maybe Black Hanekawa was right. Maybe she was just being stubborn, and should ignore her apprehensions and her appearance, and ask to use the restroom before she seriously wet herself.

Hanekawa opened her eyes and began to raise her hand, but she then noticed the time. 10 minutes until the end of class. She had made it this far. Fought for this long. It would look silly if she just asked to go at this stage. Even worse, the teacher might just tell her to wait until the end of class. All that would do is draw all eyes on her. Everyone would watch her desperately try to hold out until the end. Like she was now, it didn’t look like anyone else had noticed her predicament.

I’ve got no choice, I just have to hold on now! I can do this! I managed to hold it for this long.

Ten minutes didn’t seem like a long time, but to Hanekawa’s taxed bladder, it was like an eternity. Hanekawa was sweating in her seat, thighs clamped together and hands buried between them as she tried to get her mind off of anything that wasn’t peeing. The wet patch on her panties had cooled uncomfortably and was serving as a constant reminder of her need. She had read somewhere that cold weather actually made people need to pee more. She probably dismissed it as some illogical wives’ tale upon hearing it the first time, but now she could swear she was feeling its effects. Any time a draft blew the cool air of the room around her, she shivered from the waves of desperation it sent up her spine.

I can hold it. I can hold it. I can hold it.

Five minutes left. She watched the clock tick down slowly as she begged for it to be over already. Her bladder screamed from inside of her and the pressure forced her to double over again. She had to pee so much it was almost unbearable. She tried to play word games inside her head to distract herself, or look out the window, or scribble something down on her notebook. Anything to successfully distract her from her needs. But nothing helped, and all she could do was bite her lip and bide her time.

One minute. She had made it so long. She was almost free. Another strong surge of desperation shot through her, and it took all her strength not to let it out right there. She double-crossed her legs as she squeezed down on her crotch. It felt like her fingers pressed hard against her peehole were the only thing keeping her from wetting herself right there. A few short trickles escaped, further soaking her panties, but that was the worst of it.

The bell rang, and Hanekawa stood bolt upright. She tried not to make it too obvious she was in a hurry, but she could hardly help her awkward movement as she stood up from her desk and began making her way to the door. Her desperation spiked at the movement and each step sent a jolt up her bladder, but she had no more time to worry about that. She rushed out the classroom, dashed down the hall, and arrived at the restrooms.

The second she was out of the main hallway, her hands were back between her legs as she rushed to the nearest stall. Unfortunately for her, it was occupied. All of the stalls were. This was bad. She was on the verge of wetting herself, but all she could do was dance and hobble in front of the stalls as she waited to hear the telltale signs of any of them emerging.

Suddenly, a toilet flushed, and Hanekawa was struck both by the relief of the stall opening up soon, but also by the agonizing sound of rushing water. It was too much for her. Even as she clamped down, one final wave of desperation shot through her, and she felt a longer spurt escape into her panties. She tried to stave it off, but the floodgates would not fully close. She managed to keep it at a slow trickle, but sure enough, drip by drip her panties were getting more and more soaked.

After what seemed like ages, the person emerged from the stall and Hanekawa dashed in. She locked the stall, which involved removing her hands, causing another hot spurt to escape. Unable to hold back any longer, Hanekawa straddled the toilet instead of turning around and finally let loose through her panties.

The spray was explosive, bursting out of her loudly as she finally peed full-force into the toilet. She had to bite her lips to hold back what would’ve been an otherwise orgasmic moan. Her tired muscles quivered and tingled as she finally let all the pent up urine flow out of her. She threw her head back as her ragged breaths deepened. Her stream continued to flow out of her, practically unimpeded by the cloth of her panties as the pressure inside of her finally found it’s release. Rivulettes of pee streamed down her thighs and dripped onto the toilet seat she was straddling.

Hanekawa had no idea how long she sat there, panting heavily as she basked in relief. She was positive it had been over a minute and she was still peeing, her stream nearly as strong as it had been when she first started. She felt as the pressure inside of her swollen bladder slowly subsided, and gave way to a tingling, hazy feeling of blissful relief. It was like she was floating.

In her mind’s eye, she could also see Black Hanekawa, panties still fully on as she squatted and peed into the void, the catgirl’s face every bit as relieved as Hanekawa felt. She wondered if she was just imagining it, or if it was an image Black Hanekawa had chosen to bring to her mind.

After what seemed like ages, Hanekawa’s flow tapered off into a trickle, and then she stopped, the only sound from within her own stall being her own heavy breathing and the occasional drip from her pee-soaked panties. She stood up and slipped them off. They were a nice pair, but it wasn’t worth keeping them on all day, and she wasn’t about to carry them around with her in her bag. She wrapped them in toilet paper and tucked them into the small trash bin each stall had-- usually for pads. No one would go digging around in there.

She took care to wipe herself down thoroughly, both her crotch and down her thighs. She didn’t fancy the idea of going the day commando, but barring any outrageously inconvenient gusts of wind, she was sure she’d be fine. She’d just have to be extra careful.

Letting out a light sigh, Hanekawa flushed the toilet and exited the stall. No one who had seen her desperate, leaky dash into the stall had stuck around, so luckily she was able to wash her hands. Now that she was feeling much more relieved, she’d have to remember to go over the previous lesson in her textbook. Or she could just wing it on the test.

After all. It’s not that I know everything. I just know what I know.

The End

