Genshin​ omo​ series : A wet night in teyvat

By Rune Vesgina

*010*2023-06-19 19:42

I'm sorry that I haven't written for months because I'm still not confident. But I managed to finish this chapter.

Chapter 4

In a peaceful night No terrorists visited Mondstadt. Lisa is in her usual underwear and shorts. She was reading her favorite book and drinking tea in her bed. This was her daily routine as a librarian at the library. Return books and go to bed. Sometimes she may have a meeting of the Favonius Knights. She was enjoying her book until she had finished three cups of tea.

Lisa was enjoying her book until the last chapter she read. Lisa turned to look at the clock, it was midnight now. Lisa yawned. "I think I have to go to bed tomorrow. Jean scheduled a meeting with the Knights." She closed the book and put the book on the head of the bed, turned off the lamp and closed her eyes into a deep slumber.

.

"Lisa........Lisa........Lisa!!!"

Lisa was startled by the sound of a gradual call coming from Paimon and the Travelers. “What business do you two have with me? Yeah, Lisa woke up with a daze. "We're going to borrow books from the library. Do you have any books to recommend?"

“Recommend a book?...Unfortunately, the recommendation books are all there. It must be forbidden at all. You can't borrow it temporarily. Oh really, "Teyvat guide book", would you be interested? " "Oh! Looks like a good book. Can we borrow it?"

"Then I'll try it out soon..." Lisa finished speaking and walked to the bookshelf. On the way to check the book, Lisa's stomach felt heavier. Lisa knew right away that she had to go to the bathroom, but now that she was on a mission, she had to brush off her thoughts about the bathroom for now. Lisa squeezed her crotch and loosened it before reaching the bookshelf. It turns out that the book the traveler needs isn't here. Lisa walked back to the traveler. "Wah...Too bad. Now someone has 'borrowed it'. Even though the book is due to be returned... This means that there must be many books borrowed that have not yet been returned. It's… annoying,” Lisa grumbled, moving her eyes and legs gently so that the traveler would not notice that Lisa had to pee.

Lisa asks the traveler for help and she rewards her with a book. "Well, I think after I get my borrowed book I'll go to the bathroom," Lisa grumbled to herself and then left the knight's office. to get the book. First person Lisa will visit is Marjorie.

Lisa came to buy souvenirs by letting the traveler choose and what the traveler would give Lisa was pumpkin pants. and then asked for a book from Marjorie

Alright, after getting the first book,

The next person that Lisa has to find is Sara. Lisa goes to the Good Hunter restaurant. Before ask the book, Paimon's stomach cried out. The printer commented that he should have lunch before going to the mission. Lisa agreed with Paimon, then walked to the restaurant's desk after lunch. from the table, but suddenly she felt another pain in her bladder. Lisa had had to pee earlier and added more to the lunch she had.Lisa squeezed her crotch even more and thought that if she didn't get the book soon, she would definitely wet herself in front of the travelers. Lisa was loosened from her crotch but she had to keep her thighs pinched all the time and asked Sara for a book.

Lisa easily got the second book back and the last person they had to find was Donna. Lisa and the Traveler arrived at the flower shop. "Both of you...do you have a favorite flower? I'll wrap it up for you…” After the traveler finished picking flowers for Lisa, it was time for Lisa to retrieve her books. Donna goes into her house to get Lisa a book. Some time passed while waiting for Lisa to hardly stay still.

She was squeezing her crotch all the time, but not letting the Traveler and Paimon notice that she was so desperate right now that Lisa couldn't fully focus on her crotch. Until the leak was over, "Ahh!" Lisa quickly put her hand on her crotch while moaning. She leaked out. This damage, she felt the moisture from her underwear, but luckily there was no wet mark. "What happened to Miss Lisa?" Paimon approached Lisa who was holding her crotch.

"Oh! Nothing, I just need a room that's a bit private. I'll be there when I get the book back." The Traveler and Paimon looked at Lisa worriedly, but did nothing until Donna came out of her house with the book Lisa had borrowed.Lisa gets the third book back and says goodbye to Donna. 'I'm going to go to the bathroom here,' Lisa thought for a moment as she walked back to the library again, but the journey back was very difficult for her, especially since she was in despair.Lisa took a few steps and stopped squirming so as not to leak again until they had already arrived in front of the knight's office.But then it was like God bullied Lisa hard. Lisa leaked again and this time made her trembling pants more and more wet and didn't seem to stop. "You're really okay, aren't you?" Lisa moaned until the traveler could hear them. Lisa had no choice until she ran to the side of the office building to pee. Lisa moved down the shorts and the current stream immediately rushed out to be a very strong trend, travelers and Primon saw everything from the beginning to the end. The tide came out for more than 2 minutes after the last drop of pee left her body, Lisa fainted after holding her pee for so long.

.

*ring*

The clock rang, it was now 7 AM. Lisa put her hand on the clock to stop it. She got up in a sleepy state. "Was it a dream just now? Lisa had a dream about her first encounter with the Traveler but it was different in that she peeed in front of the Traveler. Lisa is about to pack her bed to continue her mission. When she turned the blanket over, she found that a large wet mark appeared in the middle of the bed where she had slept. "Eh!" Lisa was very panicked that the wet marks appeared, indicating that her urinary relief was real. Lisa's cheeks reddened heavily and hurriedly cleaned the sheets and cursed herself that a lady like Lisa wet her bed.

Hope you guys enjoyed the story I wrote :)

*012*2023-08-15 19:00

Hi everyone

I'm sorry for not posting a new story. Partly because I couldn't come up with a dream story for the characters. So it took a long time to finish this chapter. Hope you enjoy my story.

Chapter 5 ganyu

In the quiet night, in the Jade Chamber, Ganyu was sitting attentively in her work. The hundreds of documents Ganyu had to write were keeping her awake all the time, thus making Ganyu Ganyu had been picking up coffee most of the day to allow her to work as long as possible, and she took her third cup of coffee today. Ganyu was diligently writing her papers. The papers were gradually decreasing and he kept drinking coffee while writing.

Ganyu worked her work with stability and prayer until finally the first pile of papers was gone. As she was about to pick up the pile of papers to write again, her bladder began to feel heavier. Ganyu remembered that the last time she went to the toilet today was the morning before work today, and the three cups of coffee were now filling Ganyu's bladder. Ganyu used this moment to walk to the bathroom before a disaster struck her pants.

Ganyu left her office and looked for a sign that said the bathroom was not far from where Ganyu was standing. Ganyu quickly walked over to the place but was halted when he saw the cleaning sign in front of the women's restroom. "Guess I'll have to work until he finishes cleaning." Ganyu didn't want to waste time going to the bathroom downstairs, so he went back to his office to write papers until the bathroom was finished cleaning. Ganyu wrote sheet after sheet until Ganyu's eyelids became heavier. Ganyu turned to look at the clock, it was 2 Am. Her body needed to rest after working so hard that even three cups of coffee couldn't keep Ganyu from falling asleep now, and Ganyu finally bent down at her desk and Ganyu's eyes fell. completely sealed into a deep slumber

.

In the darkness around Ganyu There was the sound of water hitting around her in all directions. The sound of water droplets became louder and louder, causing Ganyu to realize that Ganyu opened her eyes to find that she was in an unfamiliar place, not her desk. The place Ganyu was in was quite dark, but it didn't mean she couldn't see anything. All around her were oceanid creatures of various shapes. is swimming Ganyu knew immediately that she was in the ocean somewhere in Teyvat.

Ganyu enjoys the Oceanid swimming around. She was swimming after them. Surprisingly, Ganyu said that she was diving in this ocean for quite a long time, but her body didn't seem to be cold at all, but instead of her body became warm, but Ganyu didn't pay much attention to this and continued to swim after the Oceanid until they took Ganyu to the surface of the ocean. Ganyu swam out to the air above and looked around. She was literally in the middle of the ocean because there were no towns or islands around which she could get to shore. The sky above was overcast and a little windy. This kind of atmosphere made her feel comfortable, neither too hot nor too cold that she could almost fall asleep right there.

But that atmosphere didn't stay with her for long. The wind gradually grew stronger, the clouds thickened and the birds were flying frantically as if it were a sign of an impending storm. The storm thickens and the water from the ocean is gradually sucked up until the water level gradually decreases.The ocean level is gradually decreasing. The storm gradually expanded and sucked the Oceanid away one by one and approached Ganyu. Ganyu swam as fast as he could, but it didn't seem to work. The storm grew too fast until it pulled Ganyu in.

Ganyu was sucked in by the violent torrent of water that swept over Ganyu until she was blown away by the storm. She was blown several times at this time, and the cold and centrifugal force swept over Ganyu until she was freed from the storm.Ganyu emerged from the storm, she was thrown out and sunk into the ocean, and darkness came upon Ganyu again.

.

*bump* Ganyu fell from her desk until her butt hit the ground.

“Ahhhhh!”

Ganyu woke up from the impact that had occurred. Ganyu gathered his thoughts and turned to look at the clock. It was 6 AM. She had only slept for about 4 hours. Ganyu was about to get up to continue writing the papers. The moment Ganyu sat on the chair, she felt the moisture on her buttocks. Startled, Ganyu rose from her chair to find a large puddle of golden water on the chair where she was sitting. Ganyu trembled and slowly touched her crotch and found Her panties are wet! Ganyu knew right away that she was peeing while she was asleep. Ganyu blushed and hurriedly cleaned the basin before the secretary came to meet her, quickly took the cloth in the room to wipe and took off her clothes and went into the shower to wash herself.

It doesn't take long to purify an elephant's body. Ganyu came out of the shower and put on her old clothes, but her bottom was bare, no panties to cover it because it was all wet with her pee. Ganyu blushed as he thought to himself that next time something like this would happen again.

Chapter 5 End.

Who do you want me to write or do you want the girls in Ganshin to wet their beds? You can comment here to tell me.

See you next chapter~

*015*2024-11-17 10:19

After playing Genshin Patch 2.2 or 2.3.....after seeing the Chuychu and Chasca scene It was very emotional for me but it made me think about this episode. I originally wrote the story of Xianyun but I couldn't figure it out. So I folded Xianyun's story for now and wrote this episode instead.

Oh, I forgot. I changed my writing method a bit because I couldn't separate the part that was a dream and the part where the character woke up. I hope you enjoy my return to writing.

After the battle at Abyss invaded natlan Chasca is saddened by the loss of her most important sister, Chuychu. Chasca drank heavily to forget what had happened at that time. Until Chasca was drunk like she had never been before. and the travelers who drank with her could not prevent her. After drinking for a while, Chasca fell asleep at the table. As the restaurant was about to close, the owner asked the traveler to carry Chasca back to her home. The travelers and Paimon helped clear the table and carry Chasca as they headed to her house. Chasca to dream about her sister all the way. And at last the travelers reached Chasca's house. The traveler took Chasca to her bed and looked at her pitifully. “Why did Chasca have to encounter such a thing?” After speaking, the traveler walked away to the hotel.

.

Chasca........Chasca Chasca!!!! A familiar female voice shouted to Chasca. Chasca opened her eyes and it turned out that the person calling her was Chuychu. Chasca was surprised that her sister was in front of her. Hadn't she already passed away? However, Chasca hugged Chuychu tightly. "I miss you so much." Chuychu didn't reply but looped Chasca's head and back. After hugging for a while, Chasca released her embrace. "Do you want anything to eat this morning? I'll make it for you." Chasca asked Chuychu as she got up and picked up an apron to put on. Chasca may not be a very good cook (?), but she is skilled at cooking for her sister. Chasca stood in front of the kitchen, looking at the ingredients and analyzing what to make.

After choosing what to do Chasca took the ingredients to the sink to wash them. Chasca grabbed the faucet and twisted it, water shot out of the faucet. After hearing the sound of water splashing in the tub, Chasca's legs crossed slightly. Chasca immediately realized that she had to pee. “Forget that I drank so much last night.” The liquid that Chasca had brought into her body was a lot, and they were ready to come out, but Chasca chose to feed Chuychu first and then leave. bathroom after that.

But Chasca looked down on alcohol too much. Chasca's bladder spasmed even more. In addition to hearing the sound of the water at the sink, her hand was also touching the cold water, causing her bladder to spasm 2 times more, maybe 4 or 5 times Chasca crossed her legs harder and wasn't sure if she would last until she finished cooking. After emptying the ingredients for a while, her bladder immediately gave an answer. Chasca's bladder relaxed slightly, causing Chasca to leak a little into her pants. The wet mark didn't appear, but she could feel it.

“If I don't go right now, I'll definitely embarrass Chuychu.” Chasca turned off the faucet and turned to walk to the bathroom. Chasca could barely walk upright. If she stood up straight or relaxed, she would probably have an embarrassing puddle on the floor. Chasca made it to the front of the bathroom. There was nothing alarming that happened during that time. Chasca was about to open the bathroom door but a hand grabbed Chasca's arm and it was Chuychu. Chuychu held Chasca's arm but didn't say anything, as if Chuychu was about to tell Chasca something. Chasca doesn't have time to talk to chuychu right now.

Her bladder was about to explode at any moment and she tried to shake it off. "Please, dear sister, I really need it urgently." Chuychu didn't reply and shook her head, but then Chasca managed to shake it off. And along with closing the bathroom door quickly. Chasca hurriedly undid her pants. Her bladder kept leaking while Chasca was undoing her pants. Luckily Chasca made it in time but the damage to her panties was obvious and she looked at them and her face turned red. A strong stream of pee came out of Chasca's body. She felt relieved that she had escaped such a hopeless situation and closed her eyes.

.

“Ummmmmm”

The sunlight hit Chasca's eyelids and woke her up. Chasca woke up with a really bad headache. She had really been drinking. "That's right, Chuychu isn't here anymore," Chasca said, tears streaming down her face without her knowing. Chasca wiped away her tears and collected herself and got out of her bed.

“Wait, why does my back feel wet?” Chasca panicked and quickly stood up. Chasca's face was redder than a tomato as the sight before her was a large wet spot that nearly swallowed her entire mattress. The first time Chasca wetted the bed was when she slept with Chuychu when she was a child. Chasca couldn't believe the scene in front of her. If Chuychu were still here, Chasca would definitely be ashamed to face the ground.

"The way you grabbed my arm in my dreams was probably trying to wake me up." Chasca washed the wet mattress and blanket. After Chasca was done with her piss-soaked mattress, the next thing was clothes. Her tight shirt and pants didn't show much damage as they were black but her panty was not, they were white and they had almost completely turned yellow. Chasca stripped naked and went to wash herself and picked up her panties and looked back and thought of her beloved sister and that embarrassing dream. Even after washing and drying, the stains and dreams still won't disappear from her.

I'm not sure when I'll think of stories for other characters. I'll write them after I come up with stories. See you Next time 🙂

*018*2025-01-18 04:43

Hi everyone, it's been a month since my last post. It was so fast, but I finally finished writing this past. Hope you enjoy it. ;)

On a peaceful night in Sumeru City There are no dangers to disturb. Dehya was returning from her own physical training. She returned to her residence and drank a large amount of water as her body had sweated a lot. As Dehya is a Corps of Thirty, she needs to train hard to protect Princess Dunyarzad and the people of Sumeru. However, it seems that Dehya trained too hard after drinking the water for a while. Dehya's eyelids closed. Her body fell onto her bed and everything went dark.

.

A light hit Dehya's eyelids, causing her to open her eyes. It turned out that she was at a great festival in Sumeru requiring many soldiers to guard, and a group of Dehya's soldiers were assigned to guard dance area.

During the preparation of the festival, the situation was still smooth, no problems, both in the city and Dehya's body. After about 1 hour, Dehya's bladder twitched slightly, signaling that it wanted to relax.

"Oh! It seems I need to go for a bit. I think I'll have to wait until the break."

Dehya squeezed her muscular thighs together for a moment before continuing with her task.

The festival escort went on for a while, Dehya's focus was hardly 100% on her task as she had to take care of her bladder. Dehya was getting more and more restless from her bladder that kept swelling but she was still able to hide it from her fellow soldiers.

And then it was time for a break. Dehya ran to find a bathroom as fast as she could to do her personal business.

After Dehya had gone out for a while, she encountered The Eremites who were rampaging in front of Sumeru City.

Dehya left her business behind to deal with the problem at hand first.

Dehya released her pyro vision and rushed towards the Eremites army, but she only gave a lesson, not focusing on attacking anyone.

"If you or your party cause trouble again, my fists will definitely not hit the ground."

After Dehya said a few words, the Eremites army immediately ran away. Dehya was lucky that there was no more trouble than this, otherwise, she might have had an accident with her bladder.

But her momentary luck was gone. Dehya could feel the moisture on her panties. Dehya leaked for a moment because she ignored her bladder for a while, but her black shorts still helped to cover the moisture.

Dehya immediately ran to the bathroom and finally she found it and was about to go in.

"Dehya, what are you doing? The break time is over!"

Dehya's heart broke. Now it's time to guard the festival security which means Dehya will be able to use the bathroom again when the festival ends.

Dehya returned to her position but this time she will have to endure until night time to use the bathroom. Time passed until night. Dehya struggled with all her might so as not to wetherself in front of the festival crowd. The wet spots on Dehya's pants started to appear. Dehya had been leaking pee a lot during the performance and she tried to stop it every time but this time it didn't seem to work.

"Ahhh!"

Dehya's bladder contracted as hard as she could feel. Dehya now reached her limit. looked left and right and saw a tree-lined area behind the stage. It was dark, no one should have noticed. Dehya staggered to there but her hand couldn't leave between her legs. Dehya would give up and relieve her bladder without pulling her pants down.

PSHHHHHHHHH!

The hissing sound gradually grew louder, but the sound of the festival drowned it out. Dehya's puddle gradually widened. Dehya sighed as if she could do it. She didn't wetherself front of others, and Dehya's eyes closed again in relief.

.

Hmm...

Dehya regained consciousness after falling unconscious from her training. Dehya reached around to help her up and when she touched her bed,

"Eh! This is impossible!"

Dehya panicked and got up. The sight that appeared in front of her was a large wet stain on her bed and her shorts.

"I can't believe I'm wetting my bed."

Dehya panicked for a while and then washed her wet bed sheet and clothes. After getting rid of the embarrassing evidence of her shirt, Dehya looked at the clothes that were drying and tried to forget about her dream completely and get dressed to welcome a new day.

I may not know much about the rolls of each character in Sumeru. If there are any rolls that do not match the characters, I apologize here. 🙏💦💦

Next time, if you want me to write a character that wets their bed, you can tell me. It can be an NPC, I think it would be fun to write about them. Of course, it has to be a female character. 😆

See you next time.

