Night of the Omorashi - Shorts

Author: Rinatro

*000*2016-11-02 10:06

To start us off. Welcome everybody. This is Night of the Omorashi - Shorts!

In this thread I will be posting a collection of Short Stories, some continuous, some not; all based off of the Night of the Omorashi universe I am currently working on.

If you aren't familiar with Night of the Omorashi, it is an interactive Story I have going on in the Interactive Story section where your every decision will determine whether you survive or die. Feel free to check it out and participate should you want to. The more players the better!

$/32634-night-of-the-omorashi/

In all likelihood, the content of the Shorts within this thread will directly relate to what is going on within the game. Whether it be backstory, or the lives of a group of survivors before current time.

Of course though, if you want these will be written in a way where they will be completely standalone should you choose to go that route.

So without, further ado. Welcome to Night of the Omorashi - Shorts. I hope you enjoy them

*001*2016-11-02 10:10

Sorry there isn't much Omo in this first part guys, though I can definitely guarantee that it will ramp up as I continue the Emily storyline.

Emily Warian - Dear Diary

Hey Diary, its been awhile since I last spoke to you, considering I haven’t written to you in a couple days and all. Sorry about that. I’ve just been occupied lately, no, not with the usual things. Actually, <<sigh>> everything has gone to hell since I last spoke to you… though that’s not the reason I forgot to write. That was me legitimately forgetting you were in my bag.

The reason I am writing now is because I may not get another chance.

The world has ended.

The dead roam the streets.

I constantly need to pee.

Every minute is a struggle to stay alive. <<sigh>> I don’t know why I even bother to go on.

Anyhow, I figured that since I am in a safe place for now that it would be a good idea to recap my experiences. Though, it’s more as a memento to prove I was…I am alive.

Before I continue though, to whomever is reading. If you find this book, my name is Emily Warian, 16. I lived at 1132 Evergreen Ave. I know it sounds selfish to ask of somebody I have never met, but it would put my soul to rest if you could deliver this book to my house. If not for my sake, but for my parents… I hope they are still alive

Emily Warian - The First Moments

It started out as a normal day. I woke up, went to the bathroom, got breakfast and got dressed before heading out to school on that fateful day.

My day started out with the torture that is 8am gym class followed by math that is way more complex than my brain wants to handle at 10am, followed by English before finally breaking for lunch.

As a creative type, I will always hate the school for putting me through such an annoying morning. But thankfully, the rest of the day would be art, music and drama. All my favourite subjects

Unfortunately, life has a way or ignoring what we want.

Come lunch time it had gone against the weather forecast and began to rain, not that it bothered me since I spent my lunch hours in the main cafeteria by myself, drawing pictures of my favourite anime characters while munching on a slice of pizza and sipping on a can of soda that I got for $2.00.

Because it had started to rain, the retractable sky roof to the courtyard was closed to allow the entirety of the student body a dry place to hang out while on break.

Nearing 1:00 lunch was almost over and following my ritual, I had put my things away and headed to the washrooms. Before heading to Art where we had our first life drawing scheduled with an actual volunteer. I was extremely excited at the prospect of this.

However, now is when it all started to go wrong. At the time, we were all at our easels drawing the student, Adam, who had volunteered to be our life model. From the short introduction, he gave he was in the same grade as I was, while primarily on the physical education track. Supposedly he was also a part of the school’s football team, however I had to take his word for it since I didn’t follow sports.

I didn’t understand why this jock wanted anything to do with us, but I guessed he was probably in it for the “community service hours” he would need to graduate next year.

At the time, I really didn’t pay much attention to it since I was busy drawing away, making sure to capture his muscle filled and toned body in as much detail as I could. My only regret was that school policy didn’t let him take his pants off so I could capture everything in its full glory.

Administration really knows how to ruin a fun time.

But I digress.

I was halfway done my drawing when the event happened. For the past little while, the rain outside had begun to evolve into a powerful thunderstorm which raged and cracked at every opportunity.

In my pocket, I could feel my phone vibrate. I just assumed it was my parents warning me about being careful on my way home later… or something about them being late for dinner. But I simply ignored it to continue my masterpiece.

Of course, this didn’t go on for long as we were suddenly interrupted by the sounds of the intercom coming to life, beginning with the familiar five second ear-piercing beeping sound that you never, ever want to hear followed by the robotic sounding words of “This is the Emerg~”

Another crack of thunder happened at this point at the exact moment that all the power to the school was suddenly cut off with not even the backup generators kicking in to solve this problem.

With no power, we had no light. And with no light, all we could do was wait.

