Wraiths Omo experience

Author: Redboi

*000*2021-01-12 21:26

Hello there. My name is Alex also known as Redboi to you guys or girls. When quarantine began I started to get into gaming again on my Xbox and picked up a first person shooter game called Apex Legends. In this game you have these specialized characters that have their own custom abilities that portray to them. For example, Wraith has the ability to phase into another realm temporarily and create portals for her fellow teammates. She also can hear warning voices when she is being aimed at. Overall she is one of 15 different legends you can play in the game itself. I’ll come back to that when setting up the story.

So the real reason why I decided to choose her over all the other legends is because she’s sweaty. Now if you’re not familiar with gaming terminology what I simply mean is that she is the most frequently used by players with high skill level when it comes to the game. Let’s just pretend though, when it comes to my omo story that she’s is literally sweaty. The setup for this comes from the simple fact that when you sweat your body needs more fluids to replenish what you lose in the ounces of sweat you give off. As a cross country runner I have firsthand experience with this.

Alright so here’s how the story itself will work. In apex the systematic battle royale game runs through a trios system which means 20 three man squads will enter the map and attempt to be the last team standing in the end. Each legend can only be selected once per team. For this game the legends accompanying Wraith will be Mirage (Elliot Witt, the bamboolizing fool) and Rampart (Parhyk Ramia, the rich engineer girl). This story will be set at the map of Kings Canyon and will take place during season six of apex.

Alright ladies and gentlemen. Without further ado, sit back and enjoy the read!

Wraiths big accident:

As the sun began to reflect the map of Kings Canyon Wraith watched it intently, trying to get her mind away from Mirage and Rampart. The two together produced more noise then a hardcore metal concert and their fans combined.

“Hey blossey? Could you tell this idiot over here that’s it’s my turn to choose our drop location?” This voice was known well to Wraith. Rampart when she first arrived took with her the stares and recognition of every legend. She found a way to fit in. After having her workshop destroyed in an explosion she moved in with Mirage and the two automatically built this sort of teasing relationship in which Rampart would tease Mirage but ultimately, Wraith knew Rampart deep down might have something for Mirage. Wraith was jealous of all the time Rampart got to spend with Mirage and teased her about it.

”Hasn’t it not been my turn for the past eight games?” Mirage commented.

”Yes but remember what happened last time we let you drop? You bloody rammed us into a laser!” The two continued to quallow until it was time to go and in the process Wraith had forgotten to use the bathroom on the dropship after gulping down 2 full water bottles. She decided to take jumpmaster for herself and off they went into the map below.

Once they reached the ground they situated on their plan of action. They took the large building at Water Containment (funny that’s the first one I would think of huh) and Rampart placed her amped cover around the walls (her passive ability is to place portable walls around any ground surface) to secure the building and make sure no intruders busted through. Wraith was looting around when she finally felt a twinge in her bladder. She then remembered all the water she had drank on the dropship.

‘It’s okay, I’ll just wait until the end of the match; I’m sure I’ll be fine.’ In truth she was probably going to be fine lest something unpredictable happened.

“Mirage look out!” A thermite grenade hit the door and started to engulf Mirage into flames for a second as he attempted to move away. With the amped cover destroyed the enemies flew in with their weapons drawn.

‘You’re not safe here,’ screamed the inter dimensional Wraith voice as she gathered her strength to place a portal for her team. She phased out of the room and set a portal north for her team to follow, all the while putting a giant strain on her bladder.

“Well that certainly was close. I’m sure though I boozled them good!” Wraith could barely concentrate as she tried to keep her composure as she doubled over with pain. Mirage noticed this, “you good Wraith?”

”Yeah I’m fine; I think I just over stretched something.” This was a blatant lie as her bladder continued to fill up with pee.

They tracked on with Wraith becoming increasingly more desperate by the second. They arrived at the cage and Wraith accessed her options. There were no functioning bathrooms on the island, but there were many bushes she could use. The only thing that put her against that was that she would have to 1. tell her team and risk the embarrassment in front of her friends and 2. give away their positioning and potentially get spotted by the enemy. She chose to wait a bit longer for the ring to to close.

As the ring closed and the map thinned her options started to drop by the second. Wraith decided to opt into going in a bush. She acknowledged her teammates, “hey guys, I really need to pee right now and I’m not sure I can wait any longer. I’m planning on going in that bush over there. I’ll yelp for help if I see anything.”

”Can’t you hold out Blossey, the match is about over.”

”You don’t understand Rampart. If I wait any longer I will piss myself right here right now.”

”Fair point, go along now.”

Wraith walked out towards the bushes near the side of a cliff. She had been wearing a white quarantine suit that really enhanced her ass. Wraith hadn’t always been one for showing off her body in an overly sexual way. She removed her pants and underwear and was about to let go.

’Shooter, MOVE!’ She had been spotted. She pulled up her underwear and pants and immediately phased away to her teammates. Thankfully she was able to get back to them without giving herself away too much. She arrived back to there only to feel the biggest strain she’d ever felt in her bladder.

”You’re back early blossey. You good now?” Wraith couldn’t stand it anymore. She ducked into the corner.

”Don’t look!” She screamed as she let her bladder loose. Rivets of pee shot out from her bladder and onto the ground forming a giant puddle below her. She could barely keep her composure as she kept emptying herself for what felt like two minutes. When she finally stopped she looked back at her team. They were both gone and only there boxes remained. She looked up to see a Kraber pointed right at her.

Thank you guys for reading this story and I hope you enjoyed it! Let me know if you want me to do anymore of these and have a great day!

