Broken hearts and broken bladders: Loba’s wetting incident

Author: Redboi

*000*2021-07-11 13:48

Hey everyone, sorry I haven’t been here for a while I’ve been a bit busy over the past couple of weeks. I promise though that by the end of July I’ll finish off some of the stories I haven’t finished yet, but for now I wanna go with a short story today.

Loba is quite possibly the hottest video game character of all time in my opinion. She knows this and always has a charmer act to her. She acts a specific way, however, when she is around her friend Bangalore. Bangalore is from a rough military past, and she brings her heavy military side into the battlefield.

These two, at least from Loba’s view, have something special going on, and while Bangalore is recovering from her sickness, Loba takes the time to buy her some flowers, but things don’t really turn out the way she wanted, in more ways than one.

Loba’s Accident:

Dammit, I’m late. The flower shop is about to close and I need to get her the flowers. It’s too bad I can’t stop to go pee, I really need to go. It’s ok, I’ll just stop by the restroom after I deliver the flowers.

Loba was always a charmer to most people, but to Bangalore, she always thought of herself as her little private. The way she talked, the way she acted, her serious personality, it was all able to snatch her liking.

The two began bickering a year ago and didn’t really like each other, but about six months ago, the two gained major respect and appreciation for each other. Today was the day Loba would finally admit her feelings to the sergeant.

The flower shop was just up ahead. A sudden familiar pattering sound approached from Loba’s back. Suddenly her feet were swept from under her and she landed right on her butt. The impact put lots of strain on her bladder and she thought she had leaked a bit.

She looked around and a figure appeared right in front of her. It was Octane. “Sorry chica, didn’t see you there.” He offered his hand which Loba took reluctantly.

She brushed herself off, “you know, those legs are really dangerous beautiful. Make sure you watch where you’re going when you stim yourself.”

He shook his head, “my bad, see you at the hospital wing.” Once he finished his sentence he threw down a jump pad and was off into the distance.

Once he was gone Loba checked her backside. She saw a small wet patch but nothing else. She sighed and walked into the flower store.

Once she retrieved her flowers, she made her way out of the store. “Hey Loba, you all good. You look tense.”

Loba looked around and spotted her friend Valkyrie in the corner of the wall. Her and Valkyrie had just gotten to know each other, but had been silently flirting with each other ever since Valkyrie had showed up to the games. “I’m good Valk, just wanted to go to the hospital wing to go see Bangalore.”

“Okay cool, I’ll see you there.” Within a few seconds she blasted off with her jet pack off towards the hospital wing.

It was at this moment that Loba was alone to herself. Over this time period her need to pee had drastically increased and she wondered if she could make it to the bathroom. Why is it that these islands never have women’s bathrooms? I could go in those bushes over there. No, Bangalore needs me! I need to get to her.

….

Rushing into the hospital wing Loba was running out of options. Bangalore’s visiting time was running out and she was counting on a visit from her. Running around every corner she finally found her way towards Bangalore’s room.

Valkyrie was waiting outside and gave her a smile. She ushered her towards the room. Loba took a look through the window as a crowd of Gibraltar, Lifeline, and Octane surrounded Bangalore.

She overheard a conversation between Octane and Bangalore.

”I’m sure Loba will be thrilled to see you Chica. She’s been waiting for this moment for a while.”

“Oh, don’t make such a big deal about it.”

”Loba and I, we’re just friends.” That sentence tore through Loba’s chest. Her eyes strained as tears started to emerge from them. She tossed the bouquet into the trash and made her way towards the exit. Valkyrie followed close behind her.

Loba had completely forgot about her need to pee and now her bladder had completely given up on her. Once she was outside pee started to pool into her suit. It flowed down her legs and into her shoes. Loba made her way towards a corner and didn’t make any effort to control the flow. Pee continued to flow down her pants and tears flowed down Loba’s eyes.

All dignity and her image went out of the window at that moment, she just wanted to wallow in her own sorrow. She heard a voice in the distance, “Loba, where are you?”

…

Valkyrie had seen Loba run out, but didn’t know where she was. It only seemed right that she comfort her. She looked around only to find Loba crying in a corner with a giant puddle underneath her. “Loba?”

Loba looked up at her. Her mascara had almost melted off her face from the tears and now stained the knee area of her pants. Loba stood up and embraced her. “You can keep the flowers.”

Thanks for reading! You know, my first post on this site was of an apex legends character, and look how far I’ve come. Let me know if you wanna see anymore apex content because I really like writing about the characters.

*003*2022-02-03 00:32

I’d just like to say thank you for the positive feedback before I start. It is always nice to see my stories are appreciated, even though I think they aren’t the highest quality.

Part 2: Valkyrie’s Desire

Kairi (aka Valkyrie) stood there in stunned disarray. The flowers she had in her hands were warm and had a fine aroma to them, however still didn’t draw her attention away from what she just saw. She stared at the puddle, expecting to wake up from this mystical dream ripe with excitement, yet the dream didn’t seem to end. She looked around to make sure no one was watching her before stroking her clit inside her flight suit. Ever since Kairi grew up, she always made sure to hide her true self behind a filter-less, carefree attitude, but truth be told she was much different behind her glossy facade.

When Kairi was a kid, she grew up fantasizing about being able to fly. She had all the energy you could want out of a young girl, and as a young girl you could often find her head in the clouds, dreaming about flight. Ever since her father died, Kairi found herself in a cycle of agony, circling the depths trying to find her way out of the funk. That was until she found something that would change her life forever.

Kairi first stumbled upon omo before she had joined the apex games, and prior to that had never really had any sexual feelings or emotions. All across the outlands, there was always a general consensus that bathrooms should be a more heavily implemented tool, yet no one ever seemed to care enough to promote change. Kairi during these times often found herself circling the towns trying to find an unoccupied bathroom, and often had to wait in a line. Overtime, her interest in the desperation of other women sparked a desire in her. This desire flared up massively when she met Loba. Besides the constant lust she felt towards her, Kairi had a hope that one day she may see Loba have an accident. She never expected today to be the day though, as it came at the expense though of seeing her best friend lose not just her dignity, but also having her heart shattered.

All Kairi wanted was to see it one more time, but how could she do it?

…

Loba assessed the damage. The pants looked like they were beyond repair, with the whole back side down to her heels getting soaked. It was probably just best to scratch these pants and just use another pair from now on. Doubts began to swirl into her mind: what would Kairi say? What would she do about Bangalore? Will Kairi even like me anymore? This accident was the first time Loba had one since after her parents murders.

After her parents deaths, Loba suffered from constant night tears and frequently wet the bed. It was a common occurrence and she often got teased for her condition. Sensations returned to her: the feeling of wetness between her legs, the shame felt for tarnishing another bedsheet, the tears swelling in her eyes, it was all coming back.

Her mother always told her to “be stronger than everyone else”, but at this moment she felt smaller than an ant. What could she do at this point?

…

Loba sat in the dropship collecting her thoughts. While she knew she couldn’t bear to speak to Bangalore, she wondered if Kairi and her were still on speaking terms. That question was answered when she felt someone stroke the back of her hair.

”Hey, you look shaken up Loba. Maybe you could use some of this.” Kairi handed hear a cracked open beer bottle. Her smile seemed very sincere so it seemed like all was forgotten, at least for now. Loba almost forgot about her troubles until a cold, dead feeling stroking her locks nearly forced her to spit out her drink.

”I really hope I get to kill you today little girl. Might not want to get too tipsy before the game, eh?”

Revenant was always on her back ever since the source code incident a while back. He was the last person she needed to see right now. Loba wanted to respond back but the ship indicated the teams for the match, she was paired with Kairi and Revenant. Her displeasure was only surpassed by the realization of her bladder twinging below.

Thanks for reading! I know I took a long hiatus from this story and I know I didn’t have any omo content in this portion but I thought I would have to establish some foundation for the story. I will definitely get back to this very soon.

*005*2022-02-14 23:09

Part 3:

Loba cursed under her breath. The syndicate were the most brutal enterprise in the outlands, but the least they could have done was install bathrooms on the dropship or even on the map. Now, she was going to either have to pee outside with Kairi and Revenant watching on, or wet herself again. No, she just had to hold it.

A hand caressed her locks. It was Kairi, her face beaming like an angel. “You ready?”

Loba really couldn’t put her frustration into words. How could she have neglected her basic needs once again? One must think that they would be more careful after one accident but Loba was once again caught walking the tightrope. She just hoped she wouldn’t fall off this time, especially in front of Revenant. A cold blooded animal like him would have no sympathy and would certainly use this as motivation to get a leg up on her. She couldn’t let that happen.

Kairi offered her a hand to lift her up. She grabbed it and held it firmly. Her hand was so soft and delicate. Loba prayed to the heavens, oh please, lord, don’t make me wet myself again.

It was clear to her that her bladder would be bothering her all match. Apart from the constant glares coming her way from Revenant, nothing seemed to be off about this game. I just hope this match doesn’t take too long. God, I don’t know how much of this I can take.

Loba wasn’t completely a stranger to being desperate during her life, and she knew one thing: basic tasks become nearly impossible under the drastic spell of desperation. It’s almost impossible to take away the desperation from your mind, it’s plastered in the forefront. Right now she couldn’t think about anything other than her need to pee and how good it would feel to sit down on a toilet and relieve herself. And with having to be next to Kairi and Revenant, it made something like peeing in the bushes as far of an alternative as it could be.

The match continued on at such a slow pace one would think someone froze over time. Loba was getting to the point of bursting, and could feel her stomach and bladder swelling up in pain. Revenant had just finished off an entire squad and started to loot their dead corpses. This gave Loba the time to pull Kairi off to the side. “Hey Kairi, can I speak to you in private.” Kairi nodded and the two moved away into a discreet area.

Loba couldn’t stop dancing in place to subsidize her desperation. Kairi seemed to have seen this and realized her plight. She spoke first, “so, do you think you can make it to the end of the match?”

Loba shook her head. “I would just go out there but the demon would certainly find out-“

”Certainly find out what?” The gruesome voice found their way into the secluded space. “Oh no, did I interrupt you two? I couldn’t help but realize that you two ran off and are holding out on me. If it’s so important that for you to tell her Loba, don’t you think I should know? Aren’t we a team?” His voice was menacing and malicious.

Loba’s tone went fierce. “Go to hell demon.” She was sure he couldn’t tell her issue, but her visible shaking gave it away.

”Oh no, don’t tell me our little baby Loba needs to go potty? Or is she going to have an accident.” His voice sprawled into demonic laughter. “You’re even more of a child than the day I killed your parents. It’s a pity, if they weren’t gone they might have been able to teach you some self control.”

Loba wanted to lunge at him, but any physical movement other than walking would probably make her lose control. She wanted to cry. She thought this might be the same thing as last time with her crying away in a puddle of her own shame. This time however Kairi intervened.

”Why don’t you go kill some more people you dickwad. You obviously don’t care about us so you might as well go off alone.”

Revenant stood there emotionless, stone cold. “Ohhh, but I was just warming up to you two. I guess I’ll stay for the good of the-“

”I said out!” Kairi tackled him to the ground and then threw him out into the ground outside the building and blocked the doors. From the outside she could hear distant gunshots.

Loba meanwhile was in a hopeless position. Any movement could send her over the edge, and she knew it. Her bladder had swelled to the point where she thought she should just let go, but had fears of Revenant returning back to torture her. Her bladder forced her to cross and uncross her legs in her sitting position crouched up against the wall. The pain was just about as worse as it had ever been before. It was really hopeless now.

Kairi returned and smiled at Loba as the two locked hands. “Here, we need to get up and evacuate the area. I can get us outta here if we hurry.” She turned the other direction but was pulled back by Loba.

”Kairi, I can’t stand up.”

She knew what this meant. “Just go. He’s not here to bother you.”

Those words offered encouragement to her bladder but the thought of wetting herself propped against a corner in front of Kairi seemed like a nightmare. Still, the first leak she was met with was enough to make her lose the battle. Without anytime in between, pee flooded out of her at a rapid rate. She quickly felt her underwear and then the crevices of her butt saturate as she tried to hold back moans of pure relief and ecstasy. The feeling of releasing her bladder after all that time and the dampening of her panties never felt so good. A large puddle started forming under her as the pee traveled under her boots and closer to Kairi.

Once the flow started to slow Loba gained control of herself and stood up. Her eyes met Kairi’s eyes. She didn’t know what to say but Kairi seemed preoccupied and not disgusted. “Let’s go.”

The two made their way out until they hit a safe point. Kairi set up and the two launched into the sky together. Only one thing was said by Kairi. “Hey, wanna get a drink later?”

Thanks for reading! My plan is to continue this a bit more. Let me know if you want anymore Apex characters as well. I have currently done Lifeline, Wraith, and Loba at this point.

