Love in Desperate Times

Author: Robin h

*000*2022-06-05 06:01

Hello,

This is my first time posting here or writing something like this. I hope you enjoy it. Let me know if you'd like me to continue it. Thank you

How It All Began

Ever since I started dating James, sleeping became my favorite thing to do. I used to consider myself a non-cuddler, but our bodies fit like they were carved for each other. The six feet of him wrapped around me like wild ivy. His right arm felt like a cashmere scarf under my neck,

And the left one went around my waist and its fingers rested on my tit all night. Not one piece of cloth between us, skin touched the skin. I felt the ebb and flow of his chest on my back, and then his quiet little snore breezed behind my ear. This became overly poetic, I acknowledge that. Let me just say, I loved waking up in the middle of the night and being reminded of our safe place under the heavy blanket, and we can move on to that night.

I was having a dream, and somewhat conscious of it. My dreams rarely become lucid, so I appreciated it when they did. The details have escaped my memory, but I think I was in a music festival. And to go in between stages, I’d chosen fly; so much easier than spreading the sea of intoxicated people.

Then I noticed my need to pee, but there no way I was going to wait in line for a porta-potty! This is just a dream, I thought to myself. I could just pee right here, in front of everyone. And that’s precisely what I did. I took off my shorts and panties and stood bottomless and with two hundred people watching me, I let go of my bladder. Pee poured down my legs, hit the ground, and hit my leg again. It felt too good, and too warm, and too real.

“Hey,”

Umm I love waking up to his voice. “Hi,” I said, smiling and hugging his hand.

“Do you feel something strange?’ I noticed something strange before he finished saying that. It was wet under us, starting down from our knees and almost up to the pillow we shared. I immediately knew what had happened but couldn’t believe it. “No, no, no, no,” I said, melting under the blanket.

“You wet the bed!” He said laughing and unbothered. “In the middle of the night, I woke up to you pissing on my legs, but I was so tired that I just went back to sleep in the lake you made.”

Under the blanket, I soaked my face in my hands. This couldn’t have happened; this must be a dream! I knew from the strong smell of urine that it wasn’t. James pulled the blanket down to my shoulders, removed my hand from my face and kissed my cheek. “It’s okay, accidents happen,” he said, failing to contain his laughter. “Come on, it’s okay, it’s just me,” he said and lifted me up into a sitting position. I finally showed my face but kept my head down. “I’m so sorry, I swear this never happens. I was having a dream…”

“Shh,” he hears the embarrassment and anxiety in my voice. “I told you it’s okay. Now, let Daddy see the damage.”

Only James could make me laugh while I wished to be swallowed by the earth. He pushed the blanket all the way down, and my neck folded even lower. The stain looked like an ocean on the world map, covering my too-soon-to-call-him-a-boyfriend as much as myself. I bet he could never get hard for me again. “No wonder you wet the bed, how did you even fit this much in you?”

“James, stop! I’m going to die from embarrassment.”

He laughs audibly, “Come on, let’s go take a shower,” he said while finding a dry part of the blanket and wiping our legs with it. He patted my thighs all the way up to my pussy and rubbed me there, looking deep into my eyes when doing it. “This isn’t helping me get dry,” I finally found the courage to joke about it. He smiled and took my hand, and we walked the short distance to the bathroom. I only realized it then, his big cock hard as a rock and girthing towards the sky. This shower was going to be fun.

