Princess Lily's Desperate Morning

Author: redlaw

*000*2020-12-23 22:26

Dress Route

{{: 

Quote

Having made her decision, Lily pulled open the armoire right before her, selecting a white dress with with a light blue trim. Laying the dress on the low seating in the centre of the room, she stepped carefully over to a low drawer, crouching down to pull it out. A wave of pressure built in response to her shifting weight, causing her to dribble into her handkerchief as she approached the floor. Dropping onto her heel, she ground against it as the wave continued, slowly stemming the leak. Satisfied she was in control, she began to select a white, knitted lace pair of knee length socks from the drawer, but reconsidered at the last moment, and shut the drawer empty-handed. Rising carefully, she turned to a rack of shoes and retrieved a pair of flat-soled black pumps with a tang buckle and strap fastener, and dropped them on the floor near where she planned to sit.

Retrieving a spare handkerchief from the pile by the door, she moved to sit beside her dress, lowering herself carefully on account of her bladder's protests. She crossed her legs immediately, feeling the urine slosh toward her struggling exit as she settled into the seat. Taking her first shoe, she slowly leaned forwards, a trickle running into her sodden handkerchief as her swollen organ compressed. Tensing herself, she reached for her foot, sliding the pump on, continuing to wee a little as she fiddled with the fastener. When she leaned back, the pressure released and her trickle slowed to nothingness.

She uncrossed her legs, lifting herself up to shift her newly-shod foot beneath her, then dropped onto her heel and ground lightly against it. Her bladder surged once more as she bent over, but her heel-supported sphincter held firm, and she retrieved the second shoe from the floor without incident. She shifted again, sliding the heel out from her crotch and returning the foot to the floor, not confident she'd be able to balance while focusing on fastening her remaining pump.

Taking a deep breath, she bent forward cautiously, holding the footwear out before her. Yet again, the pressure spiked as she bent, and with nothing left to help it, her sphincter balked under the pressure and the Princess began to wee forcibly into her already-sodden handkerchief. Feeling the warmth spread rapidly around her crotch, she moved a hand toward her buttocks, pulling a cheek aside to grab at her sphincter from behind. As the leak slowed back to a trickle, she fastened the shoe clumsily, acutely aware of how close her soaked handkerchief was to failing.

She straightened up in a hurry, still weeing slightly, and looked down toward her crotch. Droplets had formed at the corners of the handkerchief, and a small wet spot was visible on her panties. The leather cushion was streaked with wetness where the handkerchief had come into contact with it when she bent over. The Princess pulled her panties to the side as she extracted the ruined fabric, preferring that her light drizzle splatter onto the cushions in an arc, rather than wet her underwear further. She pressed her other handkerchief hard against the source of the spray, allowing it to soak up the last of the slowing stream, and fixed its position by returning her panties to their normal state.

Rising from the dampened seat, she turned her attention to the dress that lay nearby. She bent unconsciously as she fumbled with the hanger, lifting each knee up to her torso alternately while she disentangled the material. A sudden contraction sent shivers down her spine, and a short spurt of golden wee sprayed from her crotch, soaking into the handkerchief she'd so recently replaced. Waves of pressure continued to assault her as she brought the dress over her head, and a series of short squirts splashed into her handkerchief as she worked the skirt down toward her waist.

She poked her hands through the arm holes while the hem descended to the floor, then quickly gathered the skirt in front of her so that she could pass a hand beneath it to press directly against her damp underwear. As she made for the door, she was gripped by a violent contraction, dropping to her knees in pain as a torrent sputtered noisily into her handkerchief, expanding the wet spot in her panties and squeezing out sideways, streaming down her thighs to form puddles on the carpet. Thanks to most of the torrent squirting sideways, the wet spot remained small, and she quickly slid the soaked handkerchief free to protect the panties from further absorption.

In that moment, her panicked mind splurted forth a stupid idea that her wee-stained judgment couldn't help but find genius: her panties were already damp, but she had other matching pairs in her dresser. What if, rather than trying to hold on in this pair, she abandoned them now before they took permanent damage and slid on another pair as she was about to leave her room? She'd be able to leak almost without risk as she continued getting ready, seeing as her dress wouldn't get in the way and the carpet already needed replacing due to the stains.

At this point, one might be forgiven for questioning the meaning of highborn dignity, or the soundness of the girl's mind, if saving a pair of panties was more important than not weeing all over her bedroom, but traditions are pretty famous for their inflexibility and Her Leakiness isn't exactly blessed with a preponderance of time or the calmness of mind needed to think things through. Give the poor girl a break.

Convinced with her own genius, Lily wasted no time in dropping her panties to the floor, awkwardly stepping out of them with her cumbersome shoes, and kicking them into a corner to rescue later. Taking the final handkerchief from the pile, she wiped around her crotch and thighs, drying any droplets or rivulets. As the fabric passed between her labia, an unexpected shock of pleasure rolled through her body, causing her to gasp as her bladder quivered in response and shared its golden excitement with the square of material.

With renewed confidence bolstering the strength of her sphincter, Lily waddled woodenly back into her room, thinking she looked elegant, but actually very obviously trying to pretend that she didn't need to press her legs together. Glancing toward her mirror, she started as she beheld the state of her strawberry blonde hair: cowlicks poked out wildly, and her unkempt mane looked more like a bird's nest than a hairstyle. Lifting her comb from its hook by the mirror, she began to attack the matted mess hurriedly, preferring to yank on any tangles rather than slowly work them out. Any damage could be repaired later with magic; right now, she mused, all she needed was a toilet.

On that thought, her bladder spasmed furiously, forcing her into a half-squat as she continued trying to tame her hair. The pressure built in intensity as she tugged against a knot, and as her comb came free a hand wandered toward her crotch, stopping short of pressing her dress's material in toward her vulva. Her bladder surged, the pressure reaching a greater peak than ever before, and a frothing stream gurgled past her tortured sphincter, shooting in a short arc to splatter against the carpet in line with her toes.

Lily released the comb as a loud hiss filled the room, dropping both hands to her stomach before remembering she couldn't let her dress touch the stream. She settled for pressing both hands against her knees, balling them into fists as she tried to close her floodgates, serendipitously lifting the hem of her dress away from the growing puddle. After about five seconds of clenching every muscle she could still control, the torrent began to sputter to a halt, the last few streams weakening into rivulets that dribbled down her thighs.

Bunching her dress up out of the way, Lily surveyed the extensive damage: a large puddle sat between her feet, rippling as excess moisture dripped from her labia; the force of the torrent had pushed the pile of the carpet aside, leaving a furrow with a raised border in the middle of the puddle; and a deep golden stain crept outwards as the puddle slowly soaked into the fabric. Large and humiliating though her accident was, it was still but a tiny fraction of the deluge the young royal longed to jet into her porcelain throne. To her chagrin, the sudden exodus of liquid from her bladder provided no relief, instead sending her bladder into a furor of contractions as it pressed her to add to the pool. Lily held her skirt above her dripping crotch as she grabbed a handkerchief from her dresser, wiping as if she'd just finished relieving herself and was about to go about her day. A short squirt from her sphincter quickly shattered any imaginings that she might be anywhere near done.

Retrieving her comb from the spreading puddle, the girl wiped it with the handkerchief and continued pulling at her tangles, noting with disgust that the lingering dampness made for excellent lubrication. Waves of pressure continued to assail her, and she paced awkwardly as she brushed, studiously avoiding the yellow area as her wet pumps spread her pee around the room. The spasms began to peak as she wandered toward her desk, and the Princess felt the need to press something against herself as her hold waned.

Lifting her dress, she was about to shove a hand into her crotch, which would slow her brushing, when she got another idea. She stumbled forward toward the corner of the desk, pressing into it crotch-first, and wriggled slightly to bury the edge between her labia. As the pressure peaked once more, she ground against the wood, a thin stream of wee still managing to sputter out and spread across the surface. She continued brushing, the leak soon tapering off to nothingness. Leaving the desk to drip, she returned to her mirror with gorgeous flowing locks, and hung the comb back up, satisfied.

As she staggered toward her dresser, a long-overdue thought squeezed its way into her overburdened mind: “is it really wise for me to put on another pair of panties that I'll only ruin? Is a definitely ruined pair of panties really more dignified than no panties and no visible signs of accident?”

Dress Route > Remove Panties

{{: 

Quote

“Ooh I need to pee so bad, I can't waste time on panties I'll definitely ruin” Lily decided, spraying a line of urine onto her thigh as unintentional punctuation of her answer. A rivulet ran into her shoe as she waddled toward the door leading to the hallway. As she reached out to open it, a series of knocks startled her, causing her to spurt as she stumbled backwards into a cross-legged stance, dampening her pumps' insoles with her trickling surprise.

“Your Highness, may I come in? An assassin was spotted scaling the wall of the keep and I am to keep you in my sight until the threat passes.” a voice from behind the door informed matter-of-factly.

“Ah, Ser Tamara, I- uh...” Lily glanced behind her at the large yellow puddle in front of the mirror “... I- I was- um... j- just on my way out.” Opening the door a crack, she darted through. A trickle continued to flow down her thigh as she stood before the guard, greeting her with her legs pressed together.

This was a disaster. She couldn't let the knight know how badly she needed to wee – the mere mention of such personal needs in polite company was social suicide, and whimsical euphemisms like 'powdering one's nose' and the like did not carry sufficient weight to express emergency during a crisis scenario. The Princess had no choice but to meekly accompany the guard and hope that the assassin could be caught before she had an accident or someone noticed her state of undress. Trapped behind protocol, the princess clung to the one barely formed idea flying around her head: “I was- uh... just on my way to the flower garden t- to tend to the lilies. W- would you accompany me?” the Princess lied nervously, crossing her legs and bending over slightly as pressure assailed her.

“Of course – the garden is as safe as any sitting room, enclosed as it is” the knight responded enthusiastically.

“P- please, lead the way.” Lily offered, hoping that going behind would make her desperation harder to notice. The guard set off, striding down the hall as the Princess stumbled behind, leaking a trail of droplets onto the patterned carpet. “Your Highness, are you unwell?” the warrior queried, noting how far the young woman was lagging behind. “N- no, Ser Tamara, I'm- uh... just- um... ti- tired” Lily replied haltingly, shuffling exaggeratedly as she found an end to her sentence. “I see” responded Tamara, slowing to match her charge's stumbling pace.

The Princess's bedroom overlooked the flower garden, and it was not a long journey to reach the garden, but one big obstacle stood to throw a wrench in the girl's cunning plan: the stairwell. Only one flight of stairs separated Lily's floor from the ground, but the girl was struggling to walk, let alone take a flight of stairs at a reasonable pace with her guard watching. Preoccupied with working out how to take the stairs with a modicum of dignity, the Princess was blindsided by a sudden painful spasm. A sizzling spray of wee hissed out from her hole, shooting between her pressed thighs to splatter against the ground. The girl gasped, falling into a squat as she tried to suppress the fountain before the knight realised what was happening, and a puddle began to form as the stream slowly came under control. “Is someone there?” the guard called, turning toward the timid source of the hiss.

“Eep! N- no, I- I just... er... dropped... something” Lily improvised as she weed, explaining why she was on the floor. She made a show of reaching around and looking, never moving as her puddle expanded beneath her dress. “Found it!” she called as the stream slowed to a trickle, rivulets running down her legs as she rose, carefully hiding the accident with her dress until the guard turned.

Totally forgetting about the stairs, the Princess continued to stagger along inattentively, slowly forcing back the recently-interrupted leak that still strained against her gates, until she tried to place her foot on thin air, and fell half a foot onto the step. Bending double as hot urine streaked back down her urethra, she tensed every muscle as the fiery fluid strained against her final barrier. “Princess? Why have you stopped?” Tamara queried, confused and worried by her charge's behaviour. “Ah... I... didn't see the steps, and I almost fell. Th- the shock made me dizzy. I- I'm still... kind of drowsy.” the girl replied, continuing to wee her web of deceit. “Please be careful, Your Highness. I don't want to take the blame for you cracking your head on the stairs.” The guard quipped.

One by one, the Princess took the stairs slowly, stopping at the landing where the stairwell reversed to wee surreptitiously. A spray of urine that could no longer be denied streamed down her legs as she staggered down from the previous step, and it pooled beneath her as she bent forward, turning away from her guard and pretending to examine the art on the wall while she pulled up the front of her dress and shoved a hand into the folds of her labia. The urine flowed through her fingers, slowing to a trickle as she massaged her sphincter. She let her dress drop and continued down the stairs, spurting each step, until reaching the ground, where she stopped for a moment to wipe her hand on a nearby curtain and muster the ragged remains of her control.

A breeze tickled the Princess's bare crotch as they approached the garden. Droplets scattered in the wind as her dress billowed, the light mist blowing against the soft fabric, wetting it imperceptibly. The back of her skirt rose behind her, threatening to reveal her bare rump to the world as the front was blown tight against her legs. Her bladder spasmed at the sensation, and Lily felt a column of liquid squeeze toward her strained sphincter. Hastily, she disentangled the flapping skirt, freeing a path for the inevitable leak. The breeze began to grow into a gust, and as she tugged the fabric away, she weed into the wind, the stream blowing backward to spray into the air, only missing her dress because it had blown horizontal and her naked buttocks, thrust out in desperation, were on display to the empty hallway.

The wind left off and her dress dropped, the caress of it settling against her buttocks alerting her to the possible wardrobe malfunction. Her hands shot to her rear as she looked around behind her in a panic, settling slightly at the emptiness of the corridor. The garden was just ahead, and the Princess shivered in anticipation of the relief that awaited her.

Her thinking was thus: if she abandoned the idea of going properly in a toilet, any other way of relieving herself indoors would eventually become obviously attributable to her. She'd been lucky thus far that the halls had been almost empty and she'd been able to leave a leaky trail without being noticed; if she continued wandering around the corridors, she'd be discovered before even putting a dent in the ocean inside her, and if she just stopped and let it all out, the puddle would quickly expand beyond the confines of her dress, and again, she'd be discovered. On the other hand, as long as the soil was already wet, she could pee in the garden as much as she wanted and no one would be able to tell what she'd done. Thus, all she needed to do was water her lilies normally, then as long as she was careful to go slowly enough to not be heard, she could pretend to weed the lily patch while she weed secretly instead, concealing her stream under her dress.

The garden was a large quadrangle in the middle of the castle, with grassy lawn covering most of the area, and decorative plants dispersed throughout. A large area was dedicated to patches of colourful flowers, and it in one of these patches that Lily grew lilies of many forms and colours. There was a tap with a large basin in one corner of the quadrangle, and Lily planned to fill the basin with water and use her magic to spread it over her lilies, watering them far faster than she could with a watering can or hose.

As the pair walked into the garden, the Princess's bladder, knowing it was close to relief, began to contract painfully. She staggered straight towards the basin, turning the tap as she tried to hold on a little longer. The cool water gurgled noisily as it splashed against the stone, sending the girl's bladder into overdrive. She paced aimlessly as she waited for the basin to fill, putting on a show of pretending to examine the plants as she bent double, hoping that the dribbles spurting from her urethra stayed small enough to hide in the grass as she moved about.

The basin began to overflow while the Princess feigned fascination with a caterpillar, secretly unable to suppress the stream that was pooling beneath her. She waddled back to the basin as the leak slowed, hastily leaving the visible puddle behind. With a gesture, the water shot up out of the basin, and as she waved in the direction of her lily patch, the mass shot out into the sky, flying high above the flowers and soaring over the castle walls. “hehehe, oops!” she exclaimed, hiding her frustration that she'd need to fill the basin again. Every magic user quickly learns that their magic becomes more powerful as their bladder fills, but the girl never expected her extreme desperation could lead to such a dramatic difference. She filed the knowledge away for later, easily recognising the great value it could have in the future.

The basin began to fill once more, and this time Lily squatted beside it, staring intently at the rising surface as she focused all her energies on holding for the final few moments. As the water neared the top of the stone again, she stood up in preparation to use her magic once more. Suddenly, a cluster of spurts sizzled out of her crotch, arcing forward , splattering against her skirt at about knee height and drawing a yellow parabola on the material as droplets scattered to the floor. In a panic, she pulled the front of her dress up out of the way, and the spurts continued to splatter against the basin in front of her, hidden from view of the guard standing just behind her by the rest of the fabric. As the water overflowed, she released her dress, allowing the clean water to wash the golden dye away, groaning: “Oh no, my dress! I got water on it!” dishonestly.

Gesturing again, more carefully this time, she magicked the water into a stream above the lily plot, and dropped her hands, causing the water to scatter into droplets and rain down onto the flowers. Anticipating relief, her bladder began to contract forcefully, and urine filled her sphincter once again, this time bearing a sense of finality – once it started coming, it wouldn't stop until she'd emptied. She shuffled hurriedly toward the nearby shed, grabbing a trowel from a table and a hoe that was against the wall as the first jets of her final release came spraying out, sputtering chaotically beneath her dress. Keeping her thighs together allowed her to channel the drizzle straight down to the grass even as she moved, and so she waddled toward her lilies, moving only her knees, hoping she didn't look too unnatural. A sparkling trail was clearly visible in her wake, but the guard failed to notice as she searched nearby bushes for threats.

Reaching the damp flower patch, the Princess finally began to relax, her drizzle growing into a stream as she began to till the soil. Though she longed to just squat in place and let go, she had to be careful not to invite any unnecessary scrutiny, lest her ploy be revealed. She would need to be careful to keep moving, weeing uniformly over the entire area so that no areas became conspicuously wetter than their surroundings as she passed over them. Beginning with the hoeing as usual was also an important part of this misdirection, and thus she stood, relieving herself as she tilled, only allowing a slow stream for fear of her height making the splattering audible.

She started off with her legs spread wide, allowing her drizzle to collimate and shoot to the ground, but the weakness of her stream meant that it was subject to the changing geometry of her sphincter, and as she tilled, she could feel the stream gyrating, splashing each leg alternately and spraying unpredictably in between. Concerned that a stray stream could catch her dress as it blew in the light breeze, she switched to a cross-legged stance, allowing the liquid to spray into the valley formed between her thighs. The surface tension caused it to rush down her legs, flooding her pumps and dribbling from her calves in scattered rivulets

The trickling flow she allowed herself was not as relieving as she had hoped, and her loins continued to ache with pressure as she constantly fought the expansion of her stream. With a momentary lapse in concentration, her stream swelled into a torrent, hissing between her thighs and splattering loudly on the ground. “Is someone there? Your Highness, get close to me!” Ser Tamara called at the sudden sound, and she darted toward her charge as the Princess leaned against her hoe, trying to hold back.

The pair stood still for a few moments, Tamara searching for threats as Lily continued weeing on the spot. Her stream vacillated as her bladder spasmed, shooting out in spurts as the girl squirmed. Slowly, the guard relaxed, walking back to the pathway, but staying closer than before. The Princess turned back as she continued hoeing, folding the conspicuous puddle she'd left into the mud with the blade of the tool before it was noticed.

It took the girl a few minutes to wee all the way up and down her lily plot, hoeing as she went, and it was finally time for her to squat down and weed. Throwing the hoe aside carelessly, she eagerly dropped down to the ground, spreading her legs under her dress and allowing a fountain to shoot out into the mud. She still had to hold back quite a lot, but at long last, she was urinating hard enough to feel relief. For a few moments, she stayed still, allowing the sensation to fill her, her vision clouding as her body began to relax and her consciousness waned.

She snapped back to reality as she felt her fountain pick up, straining to regain control as her guard started looking around for the source of the hissing. The guard moved toward some nearby bushes as the Princess moved along the edge of the pathway, looking for green sprouts to pull as she relieved herself. Lily bounced up and down on her heels as she squat-walked sideways, allowing her stream to cover a larger area as it sprayed up and down. Stray droplets fell onto the stone path as she moved, conspicuous golden clusters sitting on the damp slabs, but the girl was beyond caring, and they went unnoticed as she continued to wee.

Five minutes of measured urination had still barely dented the raging ocean inside her, and the poor Princess was slowly losing confidence in her ability to keep her stream under control. Her sphincter burned with the effort of staying half-closed, and her vulva stung, irritated by the sustained wetness. Her stream had begun sputtering, sending a series of loud jets into the soil that threatened to alert the woman standing nearby. As Lily's stream began to pick up strength, the guard cocked her head, reacting visibly to the telepathic message she'd just been sent. “The assassin was just caught lurking in the bathroom by your chambers; I have been ordered to help with the arrest. Please excuse me, Your Highness.” the guard reported, dashing off immediately the way they'd come.

As the guard ran off, leaving the Princess alone, Lily allowed herself to relax completely for the first time that morning, lifting the front of her dress as a torrent shot out before her, arcing more than a meter away into the soil. She continued weeing full force for a few minutes, watching as her torrent dug a furrow in the soil, before overflowing and forming a stream that ran back towards her, flushing mud and organic debris toward the stones of the pathway.

The flowerbed was not a particularly enclosed area, and anyone walking by would've been able to clearly see what was happening, but the Princess was, at this point, too euphoric to realise, and it was only luck that saved her from humiliation. Her stream eventually began to wane, and the evidence of her faux pas quickly soaked away, becoming difficult to notice against the rest of the damp soil even as the last of her stream continued to trickle out. She sent a few final spurts splashing into the mud, finally finishing her relief. Standing up, she straightened her now-muddy skirt, carefully avoiding pressing it into her still dripping crotch. As she set off toward her room, the head maid came running toward her, shouting “Your Highness, Your Highness!”, and the girl prepared to try explaining why the carpet was covered in urine...

}}

Dress Route > Keep Panties On

{{: 

Quote

“No, panties are an absolute necessity for a respectable woman like myself, I can't go without them no matter what!” Lily decided, a line of urine splashing onto her thigh immediately calling into question the wisdom of her decision. She reached into her dresser and withdrew another pair of white panties, this time selecting a pair with a light blue bow that matched the trim of her dress. Grabbing another handkerchief too, she staggered over toward her bed, lifting her dress above her waist as she went to sit down.

The Princess lowered herself slowly onto the bed, letting the wetness on her crotch and legs soak into the already-stained sheets. She bent forward carefully, wincing as her pubic bone dug into her swollen bladder. As the organ contracted and she began to wee into her sheets uncontrollably, she threw caution to the wind and lurched forward, fumbling with her panties as she tried to hook them onto her legs and get them past her pumps as quickly as possible. She continued her accident even as she straightened, the thin stream now shooting a short distance forward, wetting the sheets close to the edge of the mattress.

Lily picked up the handkerchief at her side and lifted herself slightly above the bed, wiping her wet butt and thighs even as a trickle continued to arc down onto the sheets. Finally, she shoved the handkerchief against her hole, allowing it to soak up the golden spray, and stood fully, immediately bobbing up and down and wiggling her knees as she tried to stop the leak. Not wasting any time, she waddled toward the door even as the leaking continued, ready to leave as soon as she could pull up her panties. The leak slowed as she pressed against it, but no matter what she did it would not stop.

As she felt another contraction build deep within her, she squealed “Aah no, I can't hold it! I'm going to have an accident!” to herself, and abandoned all pretense of keeping her panties dry, dropping her handkerchief and pulling them up quickly. Her stream immediately squirted through the fabric as she pulled it taut against her mons pubis, the self-wedgie doing very little to help slow the trickle. She staggered out into the empty hallway with her skirt still in her hands, the stream that was squeezing through her taut panties visible for a moment as she let the skirt drop. She turned immediately towards the toilet, barely even caring that someone could have seen, her one-track mind entirely focused on the porcelain throne.

The building contraction that forced her out into the hallway finally rolled through her body. She stumbled at the sensation, feeling her stream grow into a hissing fount. She jabbed a hand unthinkingly into her burning crotch, the cascade of urine immediately flowing into her skirt, making it transparent down to the hem in the moment it took for her to let go. She bunched the skirt back up to her waist as she ran, hooking her thumbs into her panties as she rounded the corner, immediately yanking them halfway down her thighs to expose her bare crotch, forgetting to wait until she entered the bathroom.

The bathroom door flew open as she crashed into it, the noise echoing loudly down the hallway. The Princess waddled blindly toward the toilet, her full-force torrent shooting slightly ahead of her, as her panties started falling down her legs. As her underwear reached her ankles, she tripped, falling onto the closed lid and weeing against it. Urine scattered horizontally as her deluge scoured the surface, spraying onto her dress and scattering across the tile floor.

Hurriedly righting herself, her urine splashed into the puddle on the floor as she fumbled the lid into an upright position. Not bothering to turn around, she dove forward onto the seat, her dress catching on the rim and stretching against her crotch as she continued relieving herself. Sitting on the open bowl as she was, she was beyond caring that her dress was still in the way, and she finally relaxed atop the porcelain, resting her head against the tank as relief clouded her mind.

As urine continued to thunder through her saturated dress and into the toilet, the exhausted Princess began to drift off, continuing to wee full-force even as she fell into a deep sleep...

}}

}}

Trousers Route

{{: 

Quote

Having made her decision, Lily minced over toward her trouser drawer, pulling out a light brown pair of leggings designed for excursions. Taking them, along with a spare handkerchief, over to the low seating area in the centre of the room, she lowered herself carefully onto the corner of the cushioned surface. As she awkwardly attempted to orient the trousers one handed, she ground her crotch against the edge absent-mindedly, stimulating a slight sensation of arousal that helped take the edge off the feeling of pressure, even if it didn't help with the holding. Successfully orienting the leggings, she took a deep breath and removed the remaining hand from her crotch to help with sticking her feet into the right leg holes. Her pee surged forth as her hand released, splashing into the fabric of her handkerchief as she fumbled with her trousers. Quickly, she poked her feet into the holes and immediately crossed her legs, spinning the trousers around with them as she stemmed the flow.

Her bladder continued to take advantage of her state of lowered guard as she worked the trousers slowly up her legs, sending wave after wave of pressure slamming into her stinging sphincter. As the assault on her urethra reached a crescendo, she was forced to momentarily forget the trousers while she fought to keep her panties dry. A series of forceful spasms overwhelmed her, and with a staccato of audible hisses, she pumped a series of squirts violently into the fabric of her sodden handkerchief. Thinking quickly, in the gap between two waves, she quickly switched out her handkerchiefs, immediately squirting a long golden jet into the replacement before she managed to regain control. As the final jet subsided, it left a relative calm, and for a short while, Lily found the sensation of pressure less insistent, if no less painful.

The young Princess was quick to capitalise on her moment of opportunity, pulling her trousers up to her bum then standing to work the tight waistband slowly past her buttocks. She fastened the lower two buttons of her fly, leaving the last one until she had to venture into public, and danced over to a pair of slip-on boots that she stepped into, the flared ends of her trousers naturally falling down over the shaft of the footwear. Even without the final button, the tightness of her trousers was readily apparent: her range of motion was markedly reduced, with the fabric of the trousers resisting every motion of her fervent dance, and the waistband already pressing against the swollen lump protruding slightly from her belly.

As she slipped into her final boot, a sudden jet into her handkerchief heralded the end of her short reprieve. The princess bent over in shock, grasping for her crotch as a series of weaker spurts continued spraying from her urethra. She was unable to get the same purchase she could when undressed, and the series of spurts pumping into her soaking handkerchief continued, oversaturating the square of fabric and sending droplets running down her legs. In a panic, she shoved a hand into her panties, barely squeezing it past the waistband of her tight trousers, and positioned her fingers against her tired sphincter, pressing with all her might. A final stream of pee splashed into her palm, redirected from its original course by the new blockage, before draining around the sides of her hand and absorbing into the fabric of her trousers.

Extracting the soaking handkerchief, it became clear that this accident was worse than those that came before. The fabric left a wet trail as she slid it past her waistband, and the wetness of her panties was clearly detectable against her crotch. The seat of her trousers felt damp, but the material was designed to wick away sweat and no wetness was visible externally. As she reached for the final handkerchief in her closet's pile, her bladder released a short, additional squirt, as if to taunt her about its futility. Once in place, the final handkerchief began soaking up some of the moisture around her crotch, but it couldn't completely dry her visibly-yellowed underwear.

Now fully-dressed, the Princess was free to wander the halls with dignity – at least, as much dignity as someone who is slowly having an accident in their underwear can have. Leaving her hand pressed against her handkerchief, she began taking mincing steps toward the chest of drawers in her room, needing to complete one more objective before she left for the bathroom. Each step was accompanied by a short hiss – and audible signal that she was slowly losing her battle. Glancing in her mirror as she passed, she was shocked to note the state of her strawberry blonde hair: it was wild and unkempt, and she couldn't be seen until she had tamed it somewhat. Mercifully, her hairbrush was hanging on a hook by the mirror itself, so her new delay didn't need to cost her any leaking steps, at least.

Looking at herself in the mirror, her undignified stance and embarrassing situation were plain to see. She was bent nearly double, her forelegs forming a triangle on the ground as she pressed her thighs together. She hadn't pulled her trousers up after replacing her handkerchief, and in spite of her bending, her wet panties were clearly visible in the partly-undone fly, with a corner of her handkerchief just visible poking out the hem. Her trousers themselves still looked dry however, so all the visible indicators of her leaking could be hidden before she left.

She attacked her hair with the comb in a panic, hacking and pulling whenever she encountered a tangle. Any damage could be dealt with later using magic, she just needed to get it under some level of control as quickly as possible so she could leave her room looking respectable. Meanwhile, the raging torrent in her bladder continued its assault upon her sphincter, forcing her to bob about and shift from foot to foot while her hands were occupied with her hair. As her comb ground to a halt against a thick tangle, a sharp wave of pressure built in her abdomen and forced her hands to her crotch.

A full-force stream of urine gurgled into her clothing, instantly saturating the waiting handkerchief and filling her crotch with warmth. Lily winced as threads of liquid streamed onto her legs, quickly soaking into the fabric of her trousers. Though the dampness of her trousers was clearly detectable against her hands, it was still essentially invisible to external observers. If one were to look closely at the area between her thighs, one might have noticed a slightly darker patch where her trousers had soaked up some leaks, but the difference was so slight one would question whether they'd seen anything at all.

Her handkerchief dripped slowly as she returned to dealing with her hair. Wetness continued to spread through her crotch while she tugged on the brush, slowly cutting through the tangle and bringing her closer to the dignified appearance she so desperately needed. The final tangle gave way and she tossed the comb unceremoniously into a corner, turning toward her dresser as she removed another soaking handkerchief from her panties.

Grabbing a handful of handkerchiefs from the dresser, she began stuffing them haphazardly into her panties and around her trousers, thankful that the crotch area of her trousers wasn't as tight as the legs and waistband, so the extra padding wouldn't be easily visible to passers-by. She pulled her trousers up toward her hips, straightening out any creases as she prepared to leave her room. As she turned toward the door however, a wave of pressure began to assail her once more. She crossed her legs tightly in response, bending over as the pressure built. Putting an arm out against her dresser for balance, she slowly dropped into a squat as pee forced its way through her defenses. As the pressure began to peak, she shoved her remaining hand back toward her crotch, the leaks resolving into a slow but steady stream as she strained to hold them back.

There was no time to lose – she could only slow the stream that was now spreading out inside her trousers, and she still hadn't left her room. She rose unsteadily, her slow stream momentarily turning into a torrent as she moved. Lifting up her leg, she shoved both hands into her crotch, squeezing her sphincter with all her might as she willed the stream to stop. The pressure was constant, no longer coming in waves but just omnipresent, battering her poor sphincter as the slow stream continued in spite of her efforts. Unwilling to spend any longer in her room, she waddled toward the door, a golden spray still splattering into her handkerchiefs.

The Princess paced around at the bedroom door, smoothing her clothes and adjusting their position. She pulled on her waistband, trying to get the final button into its hole. Her bladder complained violently, its slow stream turning into a series of splashes as she tugged on the fabric. Suddenly, the button found purchase, and slipped into the hole, her bladder squeezing out a long spurt in response to the added pressure. She could feel a line of wetness working its way down her trouser leg, the wet fabric against her thighs failing to fully absorb the rivulet. The wetness of her trousers was still invisible on the outside, but that would not last much longer as she continued to pee into her underwear.

Taking a deep breath and straightening up as much as her condition would allow, she turned the doorknob and pulled the door open, striding out in what she hoped was a dignified posture as she secretly continued peeing. “Good morning, Princess!” called a maid as she rushed past, reiterating to the Princess that the halls were a public place where she needed to be dignified at all times.

Trousers Route > Hide In Room

{{: 

Quote

“G- good... m- morning” Lily replied falteringly as she peed audibly in surprise. A stream of urine spurted down her right trouser leg, forming a visible wet patch on the thigh and augmenting her rivulets into streams that dripped onto the colourful carpet of the hallway. Backing into her room as the maid passed, she staggered back towards her bed, slowly bringing the flow back under a modicum of control.

She lowered herself onto the mattress, taking in her dire situation: her trousers were already ruined, and she'd gotten nowhere down the hall. She couldn't leave her room like this, and she'd wet herself before she managed to change into something else. Even if she did manage to miraculously change, she wouldn't even manage to take a step towards the bathroom before ruining her new clothing and needing to re-dress once more. She could try to ask the maid who passed for help – they were sworn to secrecy about the humiliating stories of their ladies, but she was probably long gone by now, busy as she'd seemed. The only respectable thing left to do was hold it for as long as she could, and hope that her own maid would be along to wake her up soon, who she could then ask to bring her a bucket or something to pee in.

Decided, Lily settled in to wait. The continuing trickle spread slowly through the handkerchiefs in her pants as she fiddled hysterically with the buttons at her waist, slowly unhooking them one by one. As each button came loose, her swollen bladder expanded visibly to fill the additional space, sending a shiver up her spine as it oscillated into each new position. The stream splattering into her handkerchiefs slowed to a halt once more, and she buried both hands into her crotch, sliding the fingers between her bare labia and massaging her burning sphincter in a circle motion. An unexpected muscle contraction rolled through the Princess's body, eliciting a gasp as her bladder bucked and squeezed.

She sighed as she fell sideways, deciding to get undressed and save as much of her clothing from leaks and sweat as she could. A wave of pressure radiated out from her belly as she fiddled with a lower button on her blouse, the hand still pressing on her sphincter getting showered as a leak dribbled from it. Undoing the rest of the blouse, she wriggled out of it and threw it aside without getting up. Reaching behind her, she unhooked her bra and let it sag onto the bed, jerking her shoulders until it fell free. She stood up carefully as she threw it with the shirt, crouching slightly and bending forward as the motion jolted her bladder.

She began pulling the yellowed handkerchiefs from her crotch, looking almost like she was trying to do some sort of magic trick, throwing a large number aside in a sopping heap. She gripped her trousers and panties together with both hands, and attempted to pull them down in one motion. Unfortunately, the tight trousers got stuck halfway down the Princess's well-endowed thighs, and a a forceful stream started flowing into them as they sat a short distance from her hole. In a moment of panicked confusion, she pulled the garments back up, and the stream unexpectedly slowed to a halt as the sodden seat of her panties stuck to her vulva.

It seemed that the psychological effect of having trousers on was one of the few things left preventing her from completely ruining her carpet, and so she left the remaining garments where they were. This most recent accident was the nail in the coffin for any hope of wandering the halls in such dress – there was nothing that could absorb the spray, and the crotch of the trousers was shining with wetness. Trickling rivulets visibly ran down each leg toward the knees and the leg holes dripped obviously.

Lily stumbled aimlessly around her room, completely lost for what she should do while she waited. Staggering over to her desk, she peered out the window, taking in the view as she continued massaging her sphincter, the slow circles her finger was drawing around the ring of muscle seemingly soothing the pain. Another sudden muscle contraction rocked her body, forcing the young woman to a knee as a different kind of pressure built in her loin, demanding its own release. Another stream forced its way through her strained urethra, slowly splashing through her soaking panties, running straight down her leg as her saturating trousers failed to absorb it.

She started rubbing faster as the stream picked up, staggering over to her bed as contractions rocked her body. She fell into the sheets face-first, sticking her bum into the air as she crawled in with her knees. Her contractions increased in frequency, sending waves of pleasure rolling through her body, even as she shot streams of pee into her soaking bottoms. Feeling a change come over her, she began shuffling her trousers and panties down one-handed, continuing to work against her sphincter with her other. The trousers stopped about halfway down her thighs as before, and streams of pee shot out into her room, landing on the carpet some distance from the bed.

Her bum moved forward and backward in time with her contractions, scattering pee up toward the ceiling and down to the carpet as she began moaning. The contractions continued to increase in frequency as she rubbed, building to a cluster of rapid-fire spasms accompanied by a peak of pleasure. She moaned loudly as the cluster of contractions reached her diaphragm, sending spurts of pee spraying madly from her crotch.

As the peak of the pleasure faded, she slumped forward, expended. The leaking began to pick up rapidly and grew to a full-force spray shooting out into her room, spreading out into droplets as it landed near her dresser. She lacked the energy to hold it any more, and couldn't bear the discomfort besides. As the relief mingled with her afterglow, her mind filled with fog and even as the torrent continued, she drifted off into a deep sleep...

}}

Trousers Route > Ask For Help

{{: 

Quote

“Oh, good morning!” Lily replied, her feigned smile contorting into a grimace as she tried not to pee audibly in surprise.

A possibility occurred to the Princess, an alternative option that might make it easier to avoid disgracing herself: the maids in the castle were well-trained and tight-lipped; since they were expected to (among other things of course) clean up after highborn women, they could be relied upon to provide assistance during the most humiliating situations and take any stories about their masters to their graves. If Lily called the maid over and let the woman in on her embarrassing little secret, she could ask her to fetch a container to pee into instead, allowing the Princess to wait inside her room for relief, rather than risk embarrassing herself in the corridor.

“Ah, excuse me, miss maid? Could you come in here for a minute, I need a hand with something!” Lily called out, gesturing toward the door.

“A- uh... o- of course!” the maid responded hesitantly, looking longingly down the corridor for a moment before approaching the Princess. The peeing girl ushered her saviour quickly through the door, trying to hide the inside from the otherwise empty hallway. Shutting the door behind the maid, she broke out into a panicked dance. “A- as you can probably tell... from the s- stained handkerchiefs scattered about,” Lily gestured around vaguely, “I- I'm in... a bit of a situation. Truth be t- told, I'm starting to have an... a- accident... where I stand. I got myself dressed and... ready for a... public appearance, but I'm no longer confident I can... make it to the bathroom without... d- d- d- disgracing myself. P- please, get me something I can p- pee into.”

“O- of course,” the young maid replied, shocked to see someone older than her admit to being in such a state, let alone this dignified young lady she'd only seen before in passing. The servant backed out of the room, dashing awkwardly down the hallway as the Princess shut the door once more.

Lily staggered backward, away from the door, as her hands shot down to her crotch, fiddling hysterically with her trouser buttons. As the buttons released, her bladder expanded forward visibly, sending a shiver up the Princess's spine as it oscillated into each new position. The stream that was leaking into her handkerchiefs slowed to a halt once more, and she buried both hands into her crotch, sliding the fingers between her bare labia and massaging her burning sphincter in a circle motion. An unexpected muscle contraction rolled through the Princess's body, eliciting a gasp as her bladder bucked and squeezed.

She sat still in that position for a few minutes, but her burning need soon demanded that she try moving around to ease her discomfort. Rising unsteadily, both hands still buried into her crotch, she began trying to tidy up her room. She staggered over to a discarded handkerchief, bending over carefully as she reached out toward it. Her bladder contracted as she bent, sending her into a panicked dance as she squirted repeatedly into her trousers. Retrieving the handkerchief, she waddled toward the dresser and placed it on top.

Tugging on her trousers, wriggling as she worked them down her thighs, she examined the current state of her protection. The handkerchiefs were sodden, and a few had begun dripping, dampening her leggings. She began turfing the handkerchiefs out of her clothing and piling them on top of the one on her dresser. A puddle began to form around the stack of handkerchiefs as the wetness was squeezed free by the weight of the pile. Leaving her trousers and panties half-way down, she took another handkerchief from her drawer and held it against her crotch as she waddled around, retrieving the remaining squares of fabric from the floor in her room and cupboard, squirting into it as she went.

Placing her current handkerchief atop the tall, wet pile, she grabbed another one from the dresser and stumbled back toward her bed. Her bladder compressed again as she sat, and a long leak splattered into her handkerchief, almost saturating it in one spurt. Absent-mindedly, Lily waved a hand at one of the stained areas on the carpet, already knowing that urine was resistant to magic, but to her surprise, the yellowness vanished in a puff of smoke as she finished the transmutation spell, indicating that the chemical bonds had successfully been rearranged to form gases. It was a well-known fact that urine resists magic due to the high-density epoidion oscillations that form as it sits in the urinary bladder. The conventional knowledge was that the epoidion oscillations linger for weeks, making urine impossible to clean via magic methods, much to the chagrin of those mages who get caught out often.

On the verge of a breakthrough in magic theory, she was interrupted by her bladder complaining violently about the sudden deluge of urine-related thoughts, the defiant contractions rolling through her body and forcing a series of powerful spurts into her handkerchief, completely saturating it and squirting through to spread out over the bed. She continued to spurt as she stood up and staggered forward, still pressing the handkerchief against her crotch as if it could still help her. Turning to her bed, she waved her hand once more, successfully turning the yellowness where she sat into gas once more. So excited was she that she'd gotten it to work again, she almost didn't notice that she'd dropped her handkerchief and was freely peeing in an arc onto the carpet. Blushing, she panicked and dropped into a squat, still spraying a stream of pee onto the carpet, as the door burst open and the young maid stumbled in, almost tripping over the Princess peeing by the door.

The maid threw the bucket she was carrying forward, causing it to fall as it landed, and Lily wordlessly moved over it, already peeing full-force before she noticed it was sideways and righted it. Her torrent thundered into the bucket as the maid staggered further into the room, leaving the door open, seemingly preoccupied. “Door!” the Princess squealed inelegantly, jumping up from the bucket and slamming it shut even as pee continued to thrash violently from her exit. Turning to the maid as she returned to the bucket, she could clearly see the reason for the maid's error. The girl was leaning against the dresser with her teary eyes scrunched together and a hand buried in her knee-length dress, her white tights clearly showing yellow rivulets winding down her calves.

Lily couldn't imagine the torture she was inflicting on the poor girl, relieving herself so loudly as her maid fought her desperate battle. “Do you need to use it after?” the Princess asked, already knowing the answer. The girl nodded shyly as tears began to fall, a cluster of droplets falling between her legs as she began to sob quietly. Lily continued peeing forcibly into the large bucket as she watched a wet patch form on the maid's knee-length dress where her hand pressed it into her crotch, and quickly expand downwards, terminating at the hem in a cluster of droplets that splattered against the carpet.

“I- if you want something to soak up the... leaks, there's handkerchiefs in the open drawer of the dresser. You can... probably tell from the pile on top that I used quite a few while I was uh... getting ready” Lily offered, trying to do what she could to help the maid while she continued pouring her own pee into the resonating receptacle. The girl looked at her quizzically through tear-stained eyes, withdrawing a handkerchief and lifting up her dress, patting against the rivulets on her wet tights. Suddenly, her crotch began to sparkle and drip and she shoved the handkerchief against her nethers, quickly turning it visibly yellow, but sending no more liquid cascading to the floor. A look of understanding flashed onto her face, and she grabbed another handkerchief, keeping it in her hand rather than pressing it straight against her underwear once more.

Three minutes of peeing full force, and the Princess felt that she'd barely dented the ocean concealed behind her sphincter, but she felt increasingly bad for the poor girl in front of her who was crying quietly into the lifted hem of her dress, her wet tights on show as she peed slowly into a rapidly-exhausting collection of handkerchiefs, waiting for her turn over the bucket. Casting the latest handkerchief aside, the maid reached panickedly for the next one as pee forced slowly through her tights, coming away empty handed as liquid continued to flow down her legs and drip to the floor. “Sorry, I'm trying to finish as fast as possible, just hold on a bit longer” Lily reassured, still not sure how long she'd take.

“I'll manage”, the maid squeaked unconvincingly as she continued to leak visibly into the expanding puddle beneath her.

Two more minutes and Lily finally felt like she was close to the end, and her stream slowly began to slow down as her bladder returned to a normal size. The maid girl was almost dead to the world at this point, leaning stock-still against the wall, quivering slightly, with one heel pressing against her crotch, her leg bent fully to bring the foot up toward her waist. She was holding her dress up with one hand, and had the other shoved into her crotch, beneath her once-white tights and once-pink panties both. Trails of urine continued to spread slowly into her tights, in spite of the fingers nestled deep in her labia. Lily felt a pang of guilt at what she'd watched the girl go through while she peed for an extraordinarily long time, and she resolved to make it up to her once all was said and done (and peed).

With a series of final squirts, Lily finally finished, and the statuesque maid girl roused at the changing sound. She came lumbering forward before the Princess could even react, peeing forcibly as she advanced. Jumping up quickly, Lily deftly darted away, noticing as she did so that the bucket was full to the brim. “Hey, wait!” she shouted without thinking, immediately smacking herself internally at making such a futile comment. The maid staggered over to the large container, her already flowing stream flicking from side to side slightly as she stepped, stopping over the bucket, standing still as her stream thrashed into the overflowing container.

Opening her eyes for the first time in minutes, she looked down towards the container that she thought was collecting her pee, and burst into tears as she watched it overflow onto the carpet. Lily pulled up her trousers and ran in to hug her as she continued to pee uncontrollably. “There there, it's okay, I'm sorry, shh shh, it's not your fault” the Princess crooned repetitively as she held the peeing maid close.

Rivulets shot down the girl's legs and joined the overflow on the floor as the maid continued peeing through her tights for two minutes, before her torrent slowed to a trickle and petered out. As the girls collapsed together into a teary embrace, there was a knock at the door, and the head maid peered in, quietly pulling back out and closing the door once more as she tried to work out how best to react to the Princess and her newest maid crying in an embrace over an overfilled bucket in a urine-flooded room.

}}
