Training the Maid

Author: Riverstone76

*003*2021-07-18 04:59

Chapter 4:

A couple of more hours, and they had eight different bags of clothes, all for the new little niece to wear as long as she was under her new aunt and uncle’s roof.

“Okay, Mariela, now that we have some clothes for you, we should go put these in the car, and then come back in for lunch, and after that, want to get you some stuff to play with.”

“But I’m not really a twelve year old…,”

Aunt Susan swatted her butt and then raised a scolding finger at her. “Stop that. No back talk.”

Mariela frowned and nodded. Susan’s little smack to her bottom didn’t hurt, but it certainly reminded her that earlier that morning, Uncle Steve’s smack did hurt, and if she upset Susan too much, Susan would surely tell him that she was not being a good girl, and she really didn’t want him spanking her for real.

“Now, you be a good like kid, and you get some toys appropriate for a ten year old little girl, understand me?”

“You said I was twelve,” Mariela started to whine, but then Susan raised her hand in warning again.

That was enough to make Mariela get quiet and nod.

“Since you decided to try to back talk,” Susan told her. “You are going to get some toys for an eight year old now, too.”

Mariela nodded. She didn’t have any fight left in her. Not that Susan was strong enough to actually spank her, like for real, but that Susan would surely get Steve to do so, and as Susan had pointed out to her earlier, she was somewhat trapped right now, because as long as she didn’t have those papers, and as long as Steve and Susan had that money put up that she was given earlier, she would just end up being in the streets again.

“Well?” Susan looked at Mariela expectantly, but Mariela wasn’t sure what she wanted.

“Put your thumb in your mouth and walk next to me, like you don’t want to lose me.”

Mariela nodded and obediently put her thumb in her mouth and started to walk next to Aunty as they took her stuff to the car. She hoped that this thumb sucking was just a one off to teach her a lesson for back talking, and that it wasn’t something that Susan would want her doing all the time.

Even as she walked just a step or two behind her aunt, she found a little bit of comfort in her thumb sucking. She wasn’t supposed to like this, was she? But somehow, it did make her feel a little more calm. Aunt wasn’t as tall, as intimidating, as mean, as long as her thumb was in her mouth. She was just… well, her aunt. She was strict, for sure, but she was also her family, and her protector.

They got to the car, and Aunt Susan looked back after putting stuff in the front seat and looked down at the little girl struggling with the two bags she had because she also didn’t dare take her thumb from her mouth.

“There you are, baby,” she said as though looking for her. “Let’s see….”

Her aunt touched the spot where Mariela had sat earlier. “Still damp, honey. We better not put your nice things in that place. Let’s see….”

She then went around and opened the trunk of the car.

“Mariela, please bring me some of the bags.”

Mariela complied and started by taking one bag at a time, after all, Aunt Susan wanted her thumb in her mouth.

“Okay, yeah, it looks like all the bags we have so far will fit back here,” Susan said. “And it looks like we might have room for one or two more, depending on how full they are.”

She closed the trunk, locked up the car, and then took Mariela’s free hand.

Mariela started to pull her thumb from her mouth.

“Did I give you permission to act older than eight?” Susan asked when she noticed.

Mariela shook her head no and put her thumb back.

“Good girl,” her aunt bent down and patted her bottom as she hugged her. “You listen to aunty and Aunt Susan will not have to tell Uncle Steve you tried to back mouth me today.”

Mariela nodded.

They walked into the mall, and Susan decided that an eight year old needed some plushy stuffed animals, some play things that mimicked a house like a play sink and stove and things like that, and of course, there were dolls to get.

Once she had stocked the cart up with things specifically for kids around the age of eight, Aunt Susan started to let her pick out some coloring books and other things that might be more appropriate for a ten year old, and eventually, even went to the hobby shop and got her some role playing books for juniors, which she said was for twelve year old kids and older.

All of this shopping took an extra three or four hours, and Mariela started to feel hungry, but not only that, she felt her bladder getting full again.

She wondered how Susan didn’t seem to need to go at all as she walked ahead of her, but she decided she better speak up and not get in trouble for trying to wait Susan out.

“Excuse me, Auntie?” Mariela pulled at her.

“Yes, sweetie?”

“I gotta… um… go pee.”

“Good girl,” she said. “That’s exactly how an eight year old talks. If you were being a twelve year old, you would definitely play up the embarrassment of not wanting to say exactly what you wanted to do.”

Mariela blushed and nodded.

“Actually, Auntie wants to go, too, so we’ll just nip over into the toilets here in a second, honey.”

Mariela nodded.

Susan took her first, to a little booth, a place she had not seen before in her life, and after placing fifty cents in there, they took some fun pictures which came out in stickers.

After they were done, Aunt Susan handed her a hand full of stickers only keeping one set for herself.

“Kids love this kind of thing,” she told Mariela. “But Aunty does want one set of her favorite little niece so I can show you off to all my friends.”

While Mariela was looking at the stickers, Aunt Susan walked her towards the toilets, and then walked her into the biggest stall made for wheelchairs and such.

“You wait a minute, while Aunty goes,” she told her little niece.

Mariela nodded.

“You’re eight, aren’t you, baby?” Susan asked her.

Mariela nodded, and then she looked down at her nice shorts, and she saw that Susan was looking expectantly, and Mariela put her hands on her privates.

“Not all the way…,” Aunt Susan warned her. “You’re supposed to be trying not to wet, but an eight year old distracted with stickers is very likely to leak a little bit….”

Mariela nodded. “Okay.”

Mariela tried to get it to come out, but nothing came out even as Susan sprayed in front of her into the toilet. When Susan stood up, Mariela looked up at her.

“I didn’t wet, Auntie,” she then looked down.

“Well, Auntie did tell you not to wet your pants, didn’t she?” she smiled at her little niece and directed her to the toilet and started to help her get her shorts down and then her panties before sitting her on the potty. “Go ahead and pee, baby. Good girl.”

Mariela nodded and pushed until she started to pee. It wasn’t really that bad peeing in front of Susan. Susan was a woman, after all, but more than that, Susan was really starting to feel like… from some memory years ago, like someone that cared about her getting to the toilet in time, and making her sit on the toilet.

When Mariela seemed to stop leaking into the toilet, without warning, Aunt Susan picked her up and started to wipe her off.

“I can do…,” but Mariela stopped short of complaining when she saw the frown on Susan’s face. She didn’t want to back mouth and get in trouble with Steve. “Sorry. I know. I eight, auntie.”

“Good girl,” the woman pulled up her shorts and fastened them for her before taking her to the sinks to help her wash her hands.

“You be a good little girl for Auntie, and you will have a place to live for a long while without having to worry about adult responsibilities until you are ready, and then even then, you will have a place to stay until you’ve had enough time to find a good enough job that you can take care of yourself.”

Mariela nodded and sighed.

Aunt Susan then took her little niece out and to the popular stationery store made for girls.

“Why don’t you go in there and pick out some cute stationery?” Auntie asked her. “I need to make a quick stop somewhere else, and I really don’t want you coming there with me, but I also want to know where to find you so you don’t get lost or hurt.”

Mariela nodded.

“Just look around like you are trying to decide, and when I come to get you, we’ll get you some stuff for real.”

Mariela nodded and started to look around. The thing is, when Susan picked her off of the toilet because her tinkles had nearly stopped, she really had another push left in her, and she wasn’t sure she could stop from pushing it out.

She waited until Susan was out of sight though, and then she went and looked at some pencils, and while she was there, she looked around nervously, and made sure no one was looking, and then she sprayed her panties the rest of the way. Luckily, it wasn’t really that much, and her shorts didn’t seem to get wet, but her panties were definitely damp from it.

Feeling her bottom to make sure she wasn’t wet, and satisfied, she started now looking around with the confidence that no one would know what she had just done.

Auntie wasn’t gone that long, really, before she returned and was staring over her shoulder at what she was looking at, at this moment, some cat stamps and ink pads.

“Do you like these, sweetie?” Aunt Susan asked.

“These kinds of things are more for a girl twelve years old,” she told her. “Someone I can trust not to get all over the furniture and walls at home. Of course, we’ll get them, but they will be put up when you are behaving like an eight year old.”

Mariela nodded with a frown.

“Now, don’t look like that. You are the one that back mouthed me like a little kid. If you don’t want to be treated like an eight year old, then behave as you are told.”

Mariela nodded.

She patted Susan on the arm.

“Auntie?”

“What honey?”

“You’re going to notice anyway, so it’s better to tell you what happened.”

“Yes, sweetie?”

“I kind of leaked a little bit while you were gone. I wasn’t done in the toilet when you got me off the toilet. I’m sorry.”

“Why didn’t you tell me you weren’t finished?” Susan asked surprised.

“Because I was afraid of looking like back talking you, so I got scared to say something, but I couldn’t stop it, and I leaked here at the store.”

“Okay, honey. Maybe that was Aunt Susan’s fault this time, but next time, if I get you up early, you tell Aunt Susan you don’t think you’re done. Understand?”

Mariela nodded. “I’m sorry.”

“Alright, baby. Let’s not talk about it anymore.”

They were finally walking back to the car with two cart loads of toys and stuff for her, and when Mariela got in the back seat, the opposite of where she had sat when she was soaked, Susan suddenly handed her a special toy that she knew they had not picked out together.

It was from build-a-bear! Mariela felt a little ripped off that she had not been able to go and choose her own, but then she saw that in the left side of the bear’s chest, there was a red heart patch that read: “To Auntie’s baby.”

The bear had a lot of dress up clothes, and it seemed Susan had actually planned the size of the bear perfectly, because as she looked through the clothes for the bear, she realized that a lot of these things would fit some of the other plushy animals she had gotten as well as two of her dolls.

Mariela held the bear and put her thumb back in her mouth as she looked through the outfits. They were all so cute!

Mariela thought that if she really were an eight year old, she would have definitely appreciated all these things a lot more, and even if she were really twelve years old, she might not have even minded half of them, but she wondered if she could really pretend to be half as happy with them as Susan wanted her to be.

By the time they got home, Aunt Susan barely had enough time to put her clothes away, put her toys nicely around her room, and put her wet in skirt and panties into the wash before she told Mariela that it was time to go get Uncle Steve from work.

Mariela was in the living room, lying on her stomach, given permission to be twelve again, coloring in one of her more mature coloring books.

“Okay,” Mariela stood up leaving her coloring there on the floor.

“Pick up your book and crayons,” Susan told her. “You’re taking them with you along with the build-a-bear I got you.”

Mariela nodded and picked up her stuff while her aunt went to her room to get the bear.

Soon, they were in the car, outside the Ace Hardware, waiting for Uncle Steve, and little baby girl Mariela coloring in her coloring book with her hear in her lap. The wet seat next to her was quite obvious.

“Little Mariela wet her pants after all?” Steve asked Susan.

“Well, it wasn’t really her fault, so I let it slide,” Susan said. “The scary people at the documents office told me to go sit down so they could ask her questions privately, some questions she had no way of knowing the answer to, so she got scared and had an accident in her pants.”

“Oh, well, I guess any little twelve year old would get scared at that.”

Wait? He just called her twelve years old! Did aunt tell him how old she told the people? Did they already plan to make her twelve the whole time?

Mariela leaned up as far as the seatbelt would stretch.

“I’m sorry I wet my pants, Uncle Steve.”

“That’s okay, baby. Auntie says you are not going to be punished for that because you were scared. You don’t punish a kid for being scared, baby.”

Mariela nodded and sat back.

“How did shopping go?”

“She was a little, you know, confused by stuff and not used to having a caring aunt, but she did her best and obeyed me all the way until we got home, so you don’t need to spank her.”

“That’s good, Steve smiled and looked back at Mariela. “I want to have my little niece sit in my lap when we get home and tell me all about today, especially when you got scared at the office. I want to know from your view point, what would cause a healthy big twelve year old like you to wet your pants like that, baby.”

Mariela nodded.

“I’ve been out all day getting stuff that our little niece needs,” Susan told Steve. “And we still need to make dinner….”

“Honey, you’re probably really tired, aren’t you?”

Susan nodded.

“How about we take her to a nice restaurant and show her how a family eats at a nice place?”

“Do you think she’s really ready for that? She still has trouble remembering to call me Auntie, and I don’t trust her to act her age of twelve years old.”

“Then she can act eight,” Steve said. “I’ll keep her in my lap until the food comes and talk to her appropriately so she learns how to be a good little girl.”

“You’re sure she won’t cause eyebrows to raise?”

“Not if she doesn’t want a spanking,” Steve said in finality that made Mariela gulp.

When they pulled in the parking lot, the first thing Steve did, was pick her up, and take her to the other side of the car, but her back down while he got her bear and put it in her hands, and then when he lifted her again, she felt the sticky wetness in her shorts. It looked like she had just wet herself.

“Not one word,” he breathed in her ear as he held her and patted her now wet bottom. “You be good and pretend to be happy I’m carrying you in to the restaurant.”

Mariela nodded and laid her head on his shoulder as he carried her.

“Good girl,” he whispered. “If you still gotta pee, I expect the restaurant chair to get a little damp before you ask me to take you potty.”

Mariella nodded.

“I mean it. If you ask me and the chair doesn’t feel that wet, you will be punished later.”

Mariela sniffled and nodded. She would do it, if she had to. She didn’t want a spanking.

Uncle Steve took her right to their table at this place, where it was half like a fast food burger place in that you just go to the front and order what you want and carry it back yourself, but what you ordered was much more like a decent meal.

Steve sat down, and he put his little niece in his lap, turned sideways so they could talk comfortably.

“So, the documentation office was a bit scary for my little girl, huh?”

Mariela nodded. “I peed my pants,” she whispered.

“So, how about you tell me what they did that made you so scared that that happened?”

“Well, first, they kept asking Aunt Susan like she might be lying, if I really was her niece, and made her tell them how I got here and why I didn’t have papers….”

Steve smiled and patted her bottom.

“Yeah, that would be a little frustrating.”

“Then they asked her if she knew what hospital I was born. I don’t know how she would even know that! You guys weren’t there when I was born.”

“Yeah, that is a hard question, isn’t it?”

“Then they told her to leave me there to answer them and to go sit way over there… like…,” and she slid off of Uncle’s lap and walked way over to another table. “…like this far away,” she yelled towards him and then started on her way back still talking. “…And then they asked me if I was kidnapped.”

Steve frowned. “That would be scary, wouldn’t it?”

“That’s when I started to leak, but I was too scared to tell anyone I was starting to wet. And then they asked me what school I went to, and I told them I was homeless, so we couldn’t send me to school, and they told me another questions and another, and I started to cry and pee… and pee… and I wet my pants, uncle,” and she quivered her lip up at him.

“Oh, little one. I didn’t mean to make you cry again.”

He lifted her up and sat her in his lap again. “You’re safe now, though, right? They let you come home with auntie.”

Mariela nodded. She whispered up at Steve. “I was scared for real, though, that they were going to call immigration on me.”

“Oh, now, that had to be scary! No wonder my little lady peed her pants!”

Mariela decided not to correct him on that point just now. It was too embarrassing as it was, and her shorts being wet, now, she figured that everyone that heard her drama play out so Steve would be happy she acted like an eight year old, would figure the wetness in her shorts was from her wetting her pants.

“You’re a good little girl,” Steve told her as he rubbed her back. “But you know, they do have to check because this is a dangerous world we live in, sweetheart. Even though you are twelve years old, I will not be sending you into public bathrooms on your own because things are just too strange lately.”

Mariela nodded. “I know. You said girls as old as sixteen get kidnapped and they always disappear where they are alone and i-sol-a-ted, and where they are the most powerless. So, of course a bathroom is all those things, so I know.”

Steve smiled and patted her thigh. “That’s right, baby. Even Aunty Susan doesn’t use public bathrooms after nine unless I can take her.”

“Are you kidding?”

“Nope. She’ll wet her pants if she really can’t hold it, and I can’t be there to make sure of her safety.”

“Wow! So… if you espect Aunt Susan to do that… then I know why you won’t let me!”

“Good. Because I just want to protect people that are important to me, honey. It doesn’t matter that much to me if you wet on accident because of being safe.”

Mariela nodded.

Susan came back with some chicken-fried steaks, mashed potatoes and gravy, corn, green beans, and some apple cobbler.

“You eat up all the vegetables as well as the main dish,” she told Mariela. “And we’ll let you have dessert.”

Mariela nodded and slid off of her uncle’s lap.

“Oh, honey, did she pee her pants again?” Susan looked at where Mariela had gotten off of his lap.

“She might of, but don’t punish her, honey. She was just recounting what happened when she got scared earlier, so she might have leaked a bit from being scared.”

“Well, that might mean she needs to use the potty, though,” Susan said. “Maybe you should take her potty and make sure she doesn’t make a mess out here?”

Steve nodded and stoop up and motioned for Mariela to do the same.

“Uncle?” Mariela looked up at him. “I’m twelve years old, right?”

Uncle Steve nodded.

“I… I not trying to back talk, but maybe if auntie take me instead?”

“Honey, I just told you at the table, even Aunt Susan doesn’t go on her own after nine.”

“It’s not nine, though, Uncle.”

“No. But you are not an adult either. I don’t want someone to see your Aunt by herself with a child in the toilets if I’m here. I can take you and make sure you are safe because criminals like that are cowards and not likely to confront a man with his kid.”

“Oh, um… okay.”

Steve reached down and picked Mariela up who then put her thumb in her mouth feeling a little insecure and remembering how sucking her thumb made her feel a little better.

He took her not into the men’s, but into the women’s room, and he called out that he was coming in with his little girl before he opened the door and took her to the nearest stall and put her down.

“Go potty, baby. Uncle Steve will be right here when you are done.”

Mariela nodded and went over to the toilet and after he closed the door, pulled down her icky wet shorts and panties. The pee spot was still so wet in the car, it had seeped through to her panties when he only sat her down for a short time.

She tried really hard to get it going.

When he opened the stall to check on her, she looked up at him, her face turning red, and he smiled as she sprayed pee right into the toilet.

“Good girl,” Steve said.

Once she was done, he walked in and helped her get her wet panties and shorts back up because she had a hard time pulling them up, not being so used to pulling up wet pants on herself.

“Alright, honey, it’s a good thing we did take you potty. Looks like you almost wet your pants, baby.”

When they came out to wash her hands, she saw some other people in the bathroom, and some of them smiled when they noticed what he had seemed to refer to as the back of her shorts were definitely wet in… from their point of view.

“I’m sorry,” Mariela said.

“That’s alright, honey. Just don’t be so nervous to tell Uncle Steve and Aunt Susan you gotta go. You don’t want to wear soaked pants, do you, honey?”

“No,” she shook her head and walked out with Uncle Steve to their table where she climbed into a chair and started to eat her food.

“You’re right, she really had to go. I think she even peed a little bit before I got her on the toilet judging by how wet her shorts had gotten.”

“Well, she should have told me she had to go.”

“Do you want me to spank her for not telling you?”

“No. I guess not. I think we better have a talk with her when we get home about what we expect from her though. The last thing we need from her school, is to have them calling and complaining she wets her pants at school every day.”

“Yeah, that wouldn’t be good,” Steve seemed to agree.

Mariela just let them play their game about pretending to have a niece that keeps wetting her pants. She knew for a fact that the pee in her shorts this time, was from her sitting in the wet spot for a few minutes while Uncle Steve got her ready to come into the restaurant. He obviously wanted her to look like she had an accident.

Later, after they had gotten home, Steve carrying his little supposed eight or twelve year old, Mariela wasn’t sure exactly, niece from the car and into the living room, he sat pulling her into his lap while Aunt Susan went to use the restroom.

“I want you to pay very careful attention to what we say when Aunt Susan gets out of the bathroom, honey, because this is important.”

Mariela nodded as she sat in his lap.

“Am I going to change my shorts?” she asked him.

“After we are done talking, I’ll take you to get a bath, honey.”

Mariela nodded. There was no point in trying to fight them. Steve was strong enough to lift her like she was an eight year old, and between the both of them, she didn’t think she’d have much of a chance of getting away from them.

When Susan came out of the bathroom she frowned at seeing Mariela in Steve’s lap.

“Why isn’t her pants changed yet?”

“I figure she’s going to get a bath as soon as we are done talking anyway, so no point in changing her just yet, is there?”

Susan sighed. “I guess you’re right. So, the question is, how to begin….”

Steve smiled and kissed Mariela on the side of the head.

“Well, first of all, the truth is, Mariela, we need you here as much as you need a place to stay. You were not picked up by accident, or mistaken as a child. At first, Susan really did think you were a little kid, but even we are not that stupid, after seeing how you were last night, to not know you weren’t telling us the facts.”

Mariela frowned. “So, you really believe me, I’m twenty-three?”

“Yes, but you also said you are not sure if you are an illegal. You could be in serious trouble if the police find you without papers, right?”

Mariela nodded.

“Susan and I decided to treat you like a little girl today, and see how it would work out. We had talked over the plan last night, and I had planned to treat you like a child up until I got to talk to you about the scary place, and even try to make you have another accident to see how you’d take it. I wasn’t able to actually make you have a second accident, but I did sit you in the pee, and you didn’t say a word.”

Mariela nodded.

“Well, that was a test, because we needed to see if it would work.”

“If what would work, sir?”

“We still want you to be our little niece,” Steve told her. “And we are still going to get the papers for you whether you agree to be our niece or not, but you know, if you are our niece, you’ll have a permanent place to stay at least for a while….”

“Okay… but you’re going to spank me.”

“Yes, if you act out of character of our little niece, we will have to discipline you back into character. You need to learn how to behave the way we want you to.”

Mariela frowned. “I don’t think I want that, though.”

“No, no one wants to be spanked, Mariela. But what you would want, is to not worry about where you are going to eat, where you’ll sleep, and whether the police will call immigration on you, or you getting napped by someone with really bad intentions while you are on the street, no?”

Mariela nodded. “Yeah. I guess.”

“Well, think about it. Isn’t a light spanking a very small price to pay for your safety and security in that you will have a place to stay, food, and a safety?”

Mariela looked down.

“Whether you try to run from us after two weeks or not, the government is going to think you are twelve years old. If you are checked on, you will be sent to a foster home if they cannot find any parents for you, and at least that, is better than going to jail when you didn’t even try to break the law, right?”

Mariela sighed and nodded.

“So, if you leave right now, you won’t get any papers because we don’t have them yet, and you’ll risk being put in prison for illegally sneaking into America. If you wait two weeks and try to leave, you’ll be put in another foster home where they won’t even know you are not twelve years old, and if you stay with us, you will never have to worry about safety and food again.”

Mariela nodded at every point he made.

Mariela looked up at him as he started making his points ready to argue each and every one of them, but as he got closer and closer to making his last point, she realized she had no good argument to counter it. He was right. She was much safer with them than out on the street, and she needed to wait at least for the papers if she wanted there to be any chance she would not go to immigration jail.

Finally, she just put her thumb in her mouth.

“I think she’s decided,” Steve told Susan.

“Good. Now, honey, I know Steve seems to be the one in charge, but that’s not the case, is it Steve?”

“No, baby,” he picked up the little lady he had let off of his lap while he made his points. “You see, I’m thinking about quitting my current job soon, but I will need to focus a lot more attention on something else I plan to open up after that.”

Mariela nodded.

“So, actually, Steve used to have his own apartment, but we talked about this plan for months before we found the perfect little girl to try this with, you.”

Susan stood up and looked over at Steve for a moment, and then she went on.

“Well, I knew Steve was unappreciated at his current job, and he had been for a very long time. The problem is, as you likely well know, the market for finding a job right now is really bad. Steve only has a high school education, so there are not that many people that will hire him.”

Mariela frowned still wondering what all this had to do with her.

“Over the last six months, we’ve been redecorating my basement,” Susan told her. “You see, there are these professional role playing game storytellers who can make a lot of money if they have the right appeal….”

Mariela frowned and looked down at her lap wondering what she had to do with all this.

“The thing is, Steve is a very messy gamer when he is running games, and he will also need someone to practice his stories on before he runs each scenario.”

“Oh,” Mariela said. “Does he expect me to act like a kid and to tell him if the story sucks?”

“Not exactly,” Steve chucked and rubbed her back. “You will actually be in the story, as one of the characters, and you won’t need to say anything about the story when we are done. I’ll know by how engaged you were with it.”

“…A…n…d…,” Susan went on drawing out her ‘and’ to make sure she had Mariela’s attention. “As I said, he can be a messy game storyteller, and I don’t like cleaning up after his story sessions. That’s what you are going to do.”

“So, I’m not just your niece, but I’m going to be your maid, too?”

“Don’t think of it like that, baby,” Steve patted her back. “You are our little niece, but you know, kids need chores to help them grow up to be responsible. Helping Uncle Steve clean up after a game session is just your little girl chore.”

Mariela frowned. “I’d get paid as an adult maid.”

“You also wouldn’t be wetting your pants as an adult,” Susan said.

“But I didn’t….”

“You didn’t?” Susan raised her eyebrow.

“No. You told me to wet at that document place! It was YOUR fault!”

“And last night?”

“I didn’t wet….”

“Your shorts were soaked when I got you home, little lady, and you didn’t do it because I told you to do it.”

“No. That’s a lie!”

“You were wet! Even the McDonalds Manager believed my story of you being on the bus like that because you smelled like you peed!”

“But…,” Mariela felt a tear in her eye.

“Susan, lay off a minute,” Steve said. “You’re scaring her.”

Susan frowned.

“Look, Mariela, you almost peed your pants at the restaurant, too, you know,” he said soothingly. “You almost didn’t say anything, and I only took you because Susan was playing up to the little wet spot in your shorts, but you really did pee in the toilet. Think! If I had not taken you, you would have wet yourself at the table, and no one told you to do it.”

“I… that wasn’t….”

Mariela gave up, tears falling down her face.

“We are not mad that you almost wet yourself or a third time today, honey. That is not the point here. We are trying to show you that you are too irresponsible to live on your own or even have a real job.”

“But I had one!”

“That you were fired from, and the people said that it was because of an immigration raid, according to you…,” Susan said. “But what if the real reason they fired you was because you were caught leaking in your uniform once in a while. Most immigrants are not just fired that easily. They are given some time off until things calm down, but then welcomed back. You have to ask yourself, why didn’t they call you back for over two months?”

Mariela shivered a bit. She didn’t recall when she started to leak once in a while, but she thought it had to do with being in the streets and without a toilet readily accessible, but what if Susan was right, and she just didn’t remember leaking in her pants at her old job?

“So, what is the plan, then, honestly?” she finally asked the couple.

“You are going to live as our twelve year old niece, and be treated as a child. You will get allowance money for helping Uncle Steve keep his story place clean, and for testing out his stories for him. That’s it.”

“So, you really want me to behave like a twelve year old kid?”

“Sometimes ten or even eight, if we think you need a lesson of some kind related to that age,” Susan told her.

Mariela frowned. “And if I do this, I get a free room, free food, and all these clothes you bought me without having to pay you back at all?”

“That’s the plan,” Susan told her. “Of course, our little twelve year old niece wets the bed at night, so no arguing about being diapered at night.”

Mariela sighed. “Do I have to wet on purpose?”

“No,” Susan said. “I’m sure there are ways it can be made an accident once in a while if I feel you are getting too big for your britches.”

Mariela looked down. “I don’t like this deal. It’s really one sided, you know.”

“Well, you know where the door is. We are not putting bars on the windows or the door. If you get tired of this game, you can try to take care of yourself, but remember, the papers will be the only things that keep you in America, and we don’t get them for two weeks, and even after that, if you are caught, you will be thought of as a child wherever you go.”

Mariela nodded.

“I’ll try it.”

“Good girl,” Steve patted her lap. “Now, it’s time for our little eight year old to get a bath.”

“Eight?”

“uh…huh,” Steve said patting her lap.

“You gonna wash me, aren’t you?”

Steven nodded. “You gonna be a good girl so I don’t have to spank you?”

Mariela nodded.
