Romeo and JuliWET

Author: RidikulusRaven

*000*2017-04-14 17:59

Tonight was the Big Night.

It felt like I'd been waiting for my whole life to have this opportunity, and it had finally arrived this year. I was a senior in high school, and though I had auditioned for every school play since I was a freshman, I had only landed the lead this year. I had gotten the part of Juliet, and nothing had made me happier for as long as I could remember. It was even better because one of the nicest boys I knew—and the one I happened to have a massive crush on—had gotten the lead role opposite me, as Romeo. It was a literal dream come true.

Collin and I spent months rehearsing, often just the two of us. I ran through my lines whenever I wasn't in class (and often when I was). My favorite part of all of the practicing, though, was the stolen kisses in the halls. We had made it very clear in the beginning that it was strictly a rehearsal thing, but we wanted the chemistry on stage to look real. And that was why random spontaneous make-out sessions became a fairly regular thing. I didn't really care too much that it wasn't serious on Collin's part, because I was in heaven just being able to kiss him. I would do pretty much anything at that point to maintain that contact.

But now it was almost time for the play to begin. I was pacing up and down the hall outside the stage entrance, dressed fully in my authentic Medieval dress—corset, pantaloons and all. I couldn't stop going over all of the ways I could possibly mess up on opening night. I could trip over my ridiculous outfit; I could forget the scene blocking; I could forget all of my lines; I could break something—

"Claire."

I spun around in shock. Collin was standing right behind me, an amused expression on his face.

"Oh. Hi, Collin," I said in a small voice.

"Why are you so nervous?" he asked gently.

I raked my eyes over his glorious features—tall, dark brown hair, soft blue eyes—and took a deep breath. "I just know I'm going to mess up."

Collin laughed. "I highly doubt it," he said, taking a step closer to me. "Nobody has worked harder than you on this play. Nobody."

I gulped and took a step back. Collin simply took another step closer to me, and continued as I backed up. I held my breath when I felt my back hit the wall. "But—"

"You're not going to screw this up," he murmured, leaning in closer.

"You can't know that," I whispered, feeling my heart beating in my throat.

Collin rested his hands against the wall on either side of my head, then bent forward till his lips brushed my ear and whispered, "I won't let you mess it up."

I felt my face go up in flames. "But what about the scenes we're not in together?"

He shook his head. "You're impossible," he chuckled. "Just trust me, okay?"

I swallowed thickly and nodded. "Okay."

Before I could comprehend what was happening, Collin had closed the space between us and was kissing me. While it wasn't our first kiss by a long shot, this one felt so different from the rest. It was more. I quickly lost myself in the kiss, and wound my arms around his neck. His arms wrapped around my waist, and he pulled me flush against him. When I sighed, he deepened this kiss, and I clenched my hands in his hair. His silly plumed hat fell to the floor. Collin began tracing his hands up from my hips, over my waist, and towards my breasts. I was perfectly happy to let him continue until—

"Ahem."

We jumped apart, both very red in the face and short of breath.

The directer smirked at us knowingly. "Save it for the play, guys."

I nodded mutely, completely mortified at having been caught in such a situation.

Collin chuckled. "Well, then."

I met his eyes. "Yeah."

He reached out and hugged me to him again before leaning in and giving me a short, sweet kiss. "I guess we'll pick this up later."

I nodded again.

"See you out there."

He picked his hat up off the floor with a cheeky grin, placed it back on his head at a rather jaunty angle, then strode off down the hallway.

For a moment, all I could do was collapse against the wall and press my hand over my heart. It was thumping erratically. What had just happened? After I regained my composure, I went into the green room where the cast was getting one last pep talk from the director.

"We've worked hard for this," Mr. Warren said. "You guys are more than ready."

There was a murmur of skepticism from the cast.

"Really, you guys," he said with a wry grin. "You'll do great. Remember to stay hydrated, though. Those stage lights are hotter than Hell."

The room erupted in laughter, and the pre-performance tension was instantly eased.

"All right guys. Three minutes till curtain's up. Break a leg!"

Everyone emptied out of the room and filed backstage. I grabbed an ice-cold water bottle out of the cooler and sat down on a wood block to wait. I wouldn't be onstage until Act I Scene III. I twisted off the cap from my water and drank nearly half of it in one go.

"Two households, both alike in dignity, in fair Verona, where we lay our scene," I heard Daniel, the narrator, begin the play.

I listened to the opening lines, taking sips of my water and remembering to breathe deeply. I couldn't afford a panic attack, especially in this corset.

Before I knew it, the scene had progressed to Collin's first entrance. I stood up, still clutching my water bottle, and hurried over to where there was a part in the curtains so I could watch.

"Could we but learn from whence his sorrows grow. We would as willingly give cure as know."

That was Collin's cue.

He strode onstage, looking every bit the part of Romeo. My heart fluttered in my chest.

"See, where he comes: so please you, step aside; I'll know his grievance, or be much denied," said Chris, who was playing the part of Benvolio.

"I would thou wert so happy by thy stay, to hear true shrift. Come, madam, let's away," replied Mike, playing the part of Montague.

"Good-morrow, cousin," Chris said.

"Is the day so young?" Collin said jauntily.

"But new struck nine."

"Ay me! Sad hours seem long. Was that my father that went hence so fast?"

"It was. What sadness lengthens Romeo's hours?"

"Not having that, which, having, makes them short," Collin sighed.

"In love?"

"Out—"

"Of love?"

"Out of her favour, where I am in love."

I continued to watch as Collin moved about the stage, completely in his element. It was a sight to behold. As I watched, I finished the last of my water. Reluctantly, I turned away to get another. I didn't want to be dying of thirst when it was eventually my turn to perform. The scene continued to move forward, and soon enough, Scene II had started.

Time began to fly by. As my scene approached, I drank more and more water to try and calm my nerves.

"I'll go along, no such sight to be shown, but to rejoice in splendor of mine own." Collin stated his last line of Scene II.

My nerves skyrocketed as the stage went dark and the cast shuffled around. When the lights came back on, my friends Lindsay (Lady Capulet) and Brooke (Nurse) were walking onstage.

"Nurse, where's my daughter? Call her forth to me."

"Now, by my maidenhead, at twelve year old, I bade her come. What, lamb! What, ladybird! God forbid! Where's this girl? What, Juliet!"

I gulped, set down my water bottle, and walked onstage. "How now! Who calls?"

"Your mother."

"Madam, I am here. What is your will?" I said in a much calmer voice than I was feeling.

The further along the scene moved, the more relaxed I became, and soon my lines were spilling from my mouth as if I spoke in Shakespearean language every day. When I was backstage again, I happily gulped down the rest of my second bottle of water, feeling much more confident in myself. I had survived my first scene without messing up any of my lines. Things were looking up. I grabbed a third bottle and began sipping on it as I went to watch Collin onstage once more.

And then it was time for my first scene with Collin. My heart pounded behind my ribs in excitement, and I smoothed the folds of my skirt in anticipation.

"We cannot be here and there too. Cheerly, boys; be brisk awhile, and the longer liver take all."

Smiling, I walked back onstage with the other cast members that were in the scene.

"Welcome, gentlemen!"

The scene moved on, and I stood in the background pretending to converse with another boy as was scripted.

My heart skipped a beat when I heard Collin utter his first line. "What lady is that, which doth enrich the hand of yonder knight?"

"I know not, sir."

"O, she doth teach the torches to burn bright! It seems she hangs upon the cheek of night like a rich jewel in an Ethiope's ear; beauty too rich for use, for earth too dear! So shows a snowy dove trooping with crows, as yonder lady o'er her fellows shows. The measure done, I'll watch her place stand, and, touching hers, make blessed my rude hand. Did my heart love till now? Forswear it, sight! For I ne'er saw true beauty till this night."

I fought to tame the smile that presented itself at hearing Collin speak that soliloquy. I desperately hoped that he meant the words he spoke, though it was unlikely. Still, I determined to act as though it were true, if only for authenticity's sake. A few moments later, Collin approached me, wearing a bright smile.

"If I profane with my unworthiest hand this holy shrine, the gentle fine is this: My lips, two blushing pilgrims, ready stand to smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss."

I blushed. "Good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much, which mannerly devotion shows in this; for saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch, and palm to palm is holy palmer's kiss."

"Have not saints lips, and holy palmers too?"

"Ay, pilgrim, lips that they must use in prayer."

"O, then, dear saint, let lips do what hands do; they pray, grant thou, lest faith turn to despair," Collin teased.

I smirked at him. "Saints do not move, though grant for prayers' sake."

"Then move not, while my prayer's effect I take. Thus from my lips, by yours, my sin is purged."

"Then have my lips the sin that they have took."

"Sin from thy lips? O trespass sweetly urged! Give me my sin again."

"You kiss by the book."

"Madam, your mother craves a word with you," the nurse interrupted.

I shrugged and reluctantly turned to leave.

The scene moved forward, and then I was left onstage with just the nurse. I did my best acting in the moments when I "learned" that Romeo was a Montague, I think. Shortly after that, Act I was over, and the curtain fell over the stage.

I hurried backstage for more water. It felt like every ounce of water I'd had earlier had been sweat out underneath the hotter-than-Hell stage lights. The stage was busy as the crew hurriedly switched out the props for Act II.

I finished my fourth water bottle just in time for the iconic scene with Romeo in the orchard. I climbed the staircase to the fake tower window. At my cue, I swept aside the curtain and leaned upon the railing, daydreaming.

I listened to Romeo's monologue happily, and said my first line right on cue. Collin continued, and I reveled at the sound of his voice. Then it was my turn once again.

"O Romeo, Romeo! Wherefore art thou, Romeo? Deny thy father and refuse hty name; or, if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love, and I'll no longer be a Capulet."

Collin murmured his next line as if to himself.

"Tis but thy name that is my enemy," I said longingly. "Thou art thyself, though not a Montague. What's Montague? It is nor hand, nor foot, nor arm, nor face, nor any other part belonging to a man. O, be some other name! What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet; so Romeo would, were he not Romeo call'd, retain that dear perfection which he owes without that title. Romeo, doff thy name, and for that name which is no part of thee take all myself."

"I take thee at thy word," Collin spoke up. "Call me but love, and I'll be new baptized; henceforth, I never will be Romeo."

I gazed down at Collin with a dreamy smile as we finished up our scene. When it was finished, I hurried to finish one last bottle of water before my next scene approached, because I wouldn't have any other breaks for the rest of the play. As I waited for the rather short Act II Scene IV to play out, I felt a twinge in my bladder. Apparently I hadn't been sweating out all of the water I'd been drinking after all. But I wasn't worried; I'd be able to hold it just fine.

When the scene came for Romeo and Juliet to be married, when Collin kissed me, my bladder gave another great spasm. I was getting desperate to pee, but I wouldn't have enough time to use the restroom, especially with so many layers on. I gritted my teeth, though, because I could hold it. I would be just fine.

I wasn't fine.

I grew more restless with each passing moment. Soon enough I had to lay upon the altar and pretend to be dead. I had to lay perfectly still in this scene, which was increasingly difficult. I clenched my muscles as tightly as I could, but I just knew I was going to lose this battle. I itched to rub my thighs together or to grab my crotch, but that would get me in trouble with the director.

I balled my hands into fists as Collin delivered his dying monologue. When he reached the line about how often death occurs, a spurt of pee escaped. I clamped down harder on my bladder muscles. I only had a few minutes left, if I could hold it for just a little longer, I'd be home free!

A second, longer spurt burst out of me, and I only just managed to stop the flow before Collin approached me. I heard him stop at my right side and I held my breath.

But just as he took a breath to continue his lines, my bladder muscles gave out completely. There was nothing I could do. I was peeing forcefully through the many layers I was clothed in.

"Ah, dear Juliet, why art thou yet so fair?"

At first I was hopeful that my dress and underclothes would absorb all of my pee, but I was quickly disillusioned of that notion when a loud pattering sound reached my ears. I cracked open an eye to gauge Collin's reaction. He was staring at me, wide-eyed. The audience began to whisper amongst themselves.

"...that sound?"

"...some kind of liquid—"

"Is she peeing?!"

I gulped and closed my eyes tightly, trying not to cry. I was still peeing.

Collin, after a moment of awkward silence, cleared his throat and continued his monologue. I felt him shift to the side—presumably to avoid the ever-expanding puddle of my pee at his feet—just before he leaned over to kiss me one last time before faking his death. I just assumed that he would be careful to fall away from where I was still peeing.

After what felt like a lifetime, my bladder contracted one last time, and my pee slowed to a trickle. The liquid was still dripping steadily from my skirt. I waited for the next cast members to come on stage so I could just get out of there, but they never came.

Finally, I just sat up. My dress was completely soaked from waist to knees. I didn't even know I was capable of holding so much pee. In mortification, I leaped from the altar and ran backstage with tears streaming down my face. I ran all the way out into the hall and into the girls' bathroom, tearing at the ties on the back of my dress as I went.

I sobbed loudly. All I wanted was to be out of that dress and back home, preferably hiding under a blanket in my closet. I ripped a seam on my dress as I dragged it off of my shoulders and yanked it down my torso, leaving me only in the under-dress and pantaloons. I looked down at myself as I tossed the heavy dress to the side and sobbed again. The material was drenched, and still dripping onto the floor. There was a hint of yellow to the previously white garment.

"Claire?"

I clapped a hand over my mouth at the sound of Collin's voice. I didn't want him to see me like this, not after what had happened. I didn't think I could bear the shame.

"Claire, I'm coming in."

"NO!" I shouted.

He came in anyway. Collin's gaze swept over me once, but I couldn't read his expression. I looked down in shame before he could meet my gaze. But he refused to be ignored. He stepped closer to me and lifted my chin with one hand. With the other, he wiped away the tracks of tears on my face.

"Are you okay?" he asked, concern and empathy in his gaze.

I shook my head.

"Let me take you home, then."

"I—why?" I asked incredulously.

"Haven't you figured it out yet?" Collin leaned in and pressed a gentle kiss to my lips.

I sighed. "I—I want to clean up first."

He nodded. "You go ahead to the girl's locker room. I'll grab your bag from the green room and meet you there."

Warmth swept through me at his kindness. I thought he would've been disgusted and never want to see me again, but here he was, taking care of me in the aftermath. Fresh tears filled my eyes.

"Thank you."

Collin gave me a lopsided smile. "Of course."

He turned and left the bathroom. I moved to the door and looked both ways down the hall to make sure the coast was clear. Then I kicked off the shoes I was wearing and sprinted down the hall and around the corner to the girl's locker room. I sighed in relief once I was safely behind the stall door of a shower. I turned the hot water on full blast and stood underneath the spray, still in my costume's underclothes.

Of all the things I thought could go wrong on opening night, peeing myself on stage was not one of them. And while that was a travesty, and the fallout would likely be the death of my social life, maybe something good would come of it. I smiled to myself as I heard Collin enter the locker room and set my bag on a bench.

Maybe life wouldn't be so bad after all.

*002*2017-04-15 02:46

I wish I could go back and edit this post! I found a typo!! Nooooo!!!!!!!

