Lifelines Wet Day

Author: Redboi

*000*2021-03-18 20:44

Hello again everyone! This comes from a request from my last story to make one on a different legend. I’ll be taking any specific requests if you’d like as well. I am hoping to make more in the future and I hope you enjoy this one.

Lifeline’s Wetting Experience:

It seemed like an ordinary day on Kings Canyon for the games but for Lifeline it was a different story. She’d longed to receive her well deserved upgraded D.O.C drone with upgraded healing injections and a reviving capability that wouldn’t require her assistance. She started to unbox her new drone as the dropship neared the island.

”Hey Chica, whatcha got there! What’s in the box?”

”Silva (also known as Octane), ya more jumpy than a pesky rabbit. But if ya wanted to know it’s my new health drone.”

”Didn’t your old one suck?” This comment flustered Lifeline as everyone in the Syndicate up to this point proved themselves as quality characters with unique abilities. She didn’t feel like she ever accomplished that. But today was her day to shine.

“Just ya wait Silva. This ones gonna be a betta than tha last one, ya hear.”

”Loud and clear hermana.”

...

Once the two landed both were eager to see the new enhancements made.

“What are ya waiting for Che, turn this puppy on. I wanna see how it works!” Lifeline flicked the switch and the drone levitated to her chest. It injected her with a fluid she hadn’t been familiar with before. She read the description.

“Blastaphine (yeah ik, try making something up after 3 hours of calculus work), contains certain chemicals from various herbs combined with the supplements of diuretics?!?!”

”Well that’s interesting. You have fun with that Che, I will enjoy my sweet stim heal.” At that moment Lifeline felt a swift pain form into her bladder. She was so busy unboxing the new drone she forgot to powder her nose before dropping off the ship. It was ok though. She could last until the end of the match no problem. At least that’s what she thought.

...

“Silva, Grenade!”

“Ay! Hijo de... mmmm” things were getting intense in the battlefield once again as Lineline and Octane were pinned in a house.

”Have ya fastened the jump pads on tha doors?”

”Sure did.”

”Then we should be safe for now.” Lifeline knew Octane could see her visible shaking from side to side as her need to pee increased tenfold over the past 10 minutes.

“Hey Che, you doing alright there? Are you feeling sick or something hermana?”

”I’m fine Silva. Just a bit... cold.” That was a lie but Lifeline knew she wasn’t in a good spot to admit her real issue.

“Your health is a bit low Chica, why don’t you use that new health drone?”

”Ima fine Silva!” She lashed at him and he took advantage.

”Why is that Che? Afraid the diuretic is getting to you? If that’s the case I have this empty shield cell containe-“

”Silva, I said ima fine! Yuh don’t have tah be so gross!”

”Ok, it’s your funeral.”

...

It was starting to get bad now. Lifeline tried everything in her power to not look visibly in pain as she continued to rock back and forth in place with her hands cupped on her crotch.

“I’m surprised we haven’t been discovered, eh Chica?” Octane looked over to see Lifeline on the verge of tears, bouncing up and down in place trying to hold back a large body of water waiting to release its contents. “Ay Che, just take the shield cell and go I won’t look.”

”Silva, I said I was a fine. Ya don’t need ta worry bout me!” Lifeline tried to form a smile on her face but Octane saw right through it.

”Look chica, you’re one of the most respected legends on this island. Do you really want to be known as the legend who can’t keep her pants dry during the games?”

Lifeline finally caved in to the temptation and swiped the canister from octane. She started to remove her pants when all of a sudden, “what is that sound Silva?”

”It sounds like...” the sounds of gunfire rained on the entrance as the front door jump pad was destroyed. “Quickly Che, to the back door!” She knew she’d have to wait as she made an attempt to follow him. The sudden shift of motion caused her to leak a bit. She really didn’t care at that point since safety was the number one priority. She knew there was one thing though that would not feel good: the jump pad pushing her up. She got ready to bend her knees and made contact with the jump pad.

That was all it took. Immediately a leak formed into her panties which then raged into a flowing river then a cascading waterfall as a trail of pee floated downward from her and onto the ground below. Lifeline continued to pee herself mid air as she neared the ground. She reached the ground but was still in mid pee as she crouched down to limit the damage already done to her pant legs, all the while praying she wouldn’t be discovered. Once she finished she followed Octanes footprints over to Salvage.

She arrived there to see octane shaking his head as her face turned a crimson color. “Ay de mi Chica, if only you weren’t so stubborn and slow.”

Thanks for reading everyone. I hope you had as much fun reading this as I did writing it.

