Locked in the Venue - A Love Live! Story [All the µ`s Girls!]

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2023-02-25 23:03

Soon, Nozomi was dealing cards to everyone at the table, and everyone was more than eager to get started, if only to get their minds off their filling bladders. Once everyone was dealt in, Umi looked over her hand, trying to focus on the cards even as she felt another desperate signal shoot through her as she leaned forwards.

“I’ll start with 2 aces,” Nozomi began, placing two cards face-down in the center of the table.

She turned to Eli next to her, who was distracted as she shuffled in place. She reached up and pulled 3 cards out of her hand somewhat blankly and tossed them onto the table next.

“3 twos.”

Kotori was next up, and stood up to place two cards onto the table. As she did so, she winced and froze, squeezing her thighs together as she fought back a wave of desperation. She regained composure enough to place her cards down, letting out a strained “2 threes.” before sitting back down, with one hand immediately disappearing under the table as she held herself.

It was Maki next, and she quickly placed down four cards onto the pile, “4 fours.”

“No way, that was way too quick,” Nico called out, shooting up, “Bullshit.”

Maki calmly stood back up and flipped over 4 fours, and Nico crossed her arms, “there’s no way, that’s half the fours in the game.”

“I got lucky,” Maki shrugged, “Anyway, pick ‘em up.”

Nico grumbled as she picked up the pile, and then put two cards down on the freshly cleared table.

“2 fives.”

As the game progressed, Umi found herself being less focused on the actual game, and more focused on everyone’s movements. While they were engrossed in the game, it was clear that everyone was getting uncomfortable. Umi was starting to feel bad for Kotori, who was looking about as desperate as Hanayo had before she gave in and used the closet. Next to her, Honoka was also restless, a hand between her legs as she squirmed in her seat. Umi’s own bladder was filling up alarmingly quickly, and while thankfully she wasn’t quite desperate yet, it was getting harder and harder to ignore her need to pee. She rubbed her knees together as she tried to find a comfortable position on the chair, and tried to focus on her cards as she watched the others.

Eli was also getting quite restless, one leg crossed over the other as she rocked back and forth slightly. She wasn’t going to openly admit it, but her bladder was getting quite full, and she definitely needed to pee. Nozomi next to her was in better shape, but even for her she could feel her bladder start to bulge out.

Maki was sitting stiffly, trying to focus on the game even as her bladder kept sending urgent signals of its fullness. Her fancier dress clothes were doing little to help as she could feel the waistband of her skirt digging into her abdomen. She rubbed her filling bladder with one hand and bit her lip before once again trying to look over her cards and push her urgent need to the back of her mind.

Nico was doing a good job of hiding it, but she was starting to get worried herself. She was restless, swiveling the chair back and forth desperately as she clamped her thighs together. She could feel her full bladder sitting like a rock in her abdomen, even as she continued to fill up. She was trying not to fidget too much as she felt her bladder nag her, but if they weren’t found soon, she knew she wouldn’t be able to hide her need much longer.

“5 sevens,” Honoka called out from beside Umi, placing 5 cards down on the pile.

“Honoka, you’re eights,” Umi pointed out.

“Oh, right, uh… 5 eights?” Honoka fixed without even picking up the cards. A transparent lie.

“Bullshit,” Umi immediately called. Remarkably enough, Honoka had actually put down 5 sevens, but unfortunately because she was supposed to put down eights, she was forced to pick up the pile.

“That was so obvious!” Nico called.

“I guess I got distracted,” Honoka replied, shuffling in place as she fished up the cards on the table, “I knew I couldn’t get away with it, but I didn’t have any eights anyway, so…”

Honoka laughed at herself before suddenly freezing. She stiffened up and jammed her free hand between her legs as she doubled over the table. She had been hit with a rather powerful wave of desperation, and wasn’t entirely able to stave it off. She felt a spurt of pee leak into her panties, and she clamped down on her crotch as she tried to fight off another leak.

Luckily, she managed to regain control, but her bladder was still full to bursting, and she was crossing over into desperate territory.

“Uh, guys,” she spoke up, “Give me a few moments, I think I’m going to use the closet.”

“What?” Umi asked incredulously, “Not you too!”

“Sorry, Umi, but I really gotta go, and we have no idea how long we’re going to be stuck here. Besides, it’s already dirty and needs to be cleaned up anyway.”

“But it’s not proper! And you’d still be making more work for them!” Umi chided.

“Umi’s right, we shouldn’t go around messing up the closet like that!” Eli agreed firmly, “I mean, Maki’s parents got us this venue, we should be respectful of that.”

“I mean, it’s also the venue staff that got us locked in here. Though, I’m not too crazy about all of us just… going on the floor like that. Though I guess if you really can’t hold it…” Maki replied. She looked and sounded relatively calm, but her restless legs and her nervously playing with her hair belied her own growing urge.

“Honoka, even Kotori’s trying to hold it in,” Umi pointed out, “Come on, you’re not that desperate, are you?”

“H-hey, I’m f-fine!” Kotori tried, despite her desperation being written all over her face. She could barely sit still in her chair, so Umi wasn’t buying it.

“Don’t drag Kotori into it, we’re all doing our best here,” Honoka argued, “I really gotta go, and going in the closet would be better than making another separate mess here if I wet myself.”

“That’s true, me and Hanayo already went, so there’s no reason not to.” Rin pointed out.

Umi crossed her arms, even as she stood there battling with her own bladder, but it seemed like she wasn’t going to win this one. She sighed and turned away from Honoka, who rushed out of the room as soon as possible.

Once Honoka was out of the meeting room, she jammed her hands between her legs and hobbled desperately towards the closet. She entered the room and was immediately hit by the smell of urine as she spotted the large puddle both Hanayo and Rin had contributed to. As soon as she saw it, her bladder sent a desperate signal shooting through her, and she buckled her legs as she let another involuntary leak out into her panties. She clamped down and tried to stem the flow, but still let out a few more dribbles before finally regaining control.

Honoka walked over to the edge of the puddle, which was now closer to the other corner of the room since it had spread so far. She slipped her hands under her skirt as she danced in place, and hooked her thumbs under the waistband of her panties. Honoka squatted as she pulled them down, and almost immediately she let out a spurt onto the carpet below. Letting out a moan, she relaxed and started peeing openly onto the floor, grateful to finally get some relief.

Honoka’s piss splashed out of her in a clean stream and she could hear a faint hissing as it struck the carpet below her. It soaked into the carpet and began pooling quickly, and Honoka found herself watching her puddle grow and spread out as she let out another relieved sigh. She could feel her bladder empty itself of all the pent up pee she had been holding in, and she felt waves of relief wash up her spine and shoulders as her tensed muscles all relaxed.

As she sat there peeing, she looked at the puddles Rin and Hanayo made, and noticed that there was a bit of spray that had splashed up to wet the wall. She was surprised to see that one of them had managed that. She briefly stopped her flow, shuffling and adjusting herself, and pushed out as she peed again, trying to arch her stream to see if she could hit the wall too. Her stream sprayed out of her, arching somewhat and splashing onto the trim lining the bottom of the wall, but she couldn’t manage to get it any higher no matter how far forwards she adjusted herself.

She tried again and again to reach at least a little higher, her arch wavering and splashing as she held up and built up pressure before trying to push it out forcefully. All she managed, though, was making more of a mess as each wave of pee sprayed out of her in messy spurts, and she could feel them drip down her butt.

Eventually, Honoka gave up, simply finishing up peeing and standing up. She wiped herself off, making sure to wipe the sprays and dribbles she had got on her legs from her attempts, and as she stood there, she realized that it had probably been Rin peeing standing up that made the splash mark on the wall.

Feeling a little dumb, but still very relieved, Honoka grabbed a few sheets of toilet paper and cleaned herself up before realizing she needed more for the messy drips down her ass and thighs. She went back in for more as she tried to dab it all up, and wound up needing to go back to the roll a few more times before she was finally cleaned up. She let her abundance of spent toilet paper fall onto the floor by her feet, watching as it slowly started soaking up the puddle. She also noticed a messy wad of toilet paper nearby, and wondered retroactively if she should’ve put her own used toilet paper in the pile instead, but it was too late to do anything about it now.

Honoka then tried to pull up her panties, only to feel an icky dampness from her leaks into the fabric, as well as them getting caught up in her attempts to arch her stream. She had heard that wearing wet panties was bad for you, and she really didn’t feel like dealing with the uncomfortable feeling of wet fabric pressing against her crotch, so she slipped them off and over both of her feet before scrunching them up. She looked around for a place to hide them, and carefully tucked them underneath one of the shelves against the back wall.

Maybe I can grab them discreetly on the way out. Or maybe I should just leave them here. I wonder how long it would take anyone to find them?

Honoka shook her head at the thought and slipped back out of the closet before making her way back to the meeting room. She avoided Umi’s gaze as she looked around the room. The game seemed to have paused since she left, and so all the girls were waiting anxiously for her to return.

Kotori was sitting stiffly in her seat, stark upright as she had both hands jammed between her legs. Under the table her knees were rubbing together restlessly, and beads of sweat were pooling on her forehead from her effort of containing her flood.

Nico was shifting in her seat as her leg bounced up and down nervously. She was trying not to give anything away from her expression, but she was squeezing her thighs together tightly as she rubbed her abdomen with her hand. She could feel her bladder swelling out against her waistband as it became increasingly difficult to ignore it.

Eli was starting to rock back and forth in her seat, biting her lip as she ignored the signals from her full bladder. She was rubbing her thigh with her hand, fighting the urge to outright jam her hand between her legs desperately. Nozomi next to her was playing with the hem of her skirt nervously, squeezing her thighs together as she shifted her weight around.

Maki was sitting with one leg crossed over the other, shaking it restlessly as she checked her phone idly. She tried to take her mind off her bladder, but every time she pushed the urge to the back of her mind, it surged back and she was forced to clench and squeeze to avoid leaking. It was also harder for her to discreetly jam her hand between her legs, due to her tight-fitting dress skirt, so she was rubbing her abdomen instead.

Finally, Umi, despite being insistent on them all holding it, was definitely feeling the effects of her full bladder. She could feel her skirt’s waistband put pressure on her bladder as it swelled out, and she was shuffling back and forth in her seat, trying to be discreet as she pushed the nagging waves of pressure to the back of her mind.

Honoka sat back down, smiling, “Sorry about that, everyone. Let’s pick up where we left off.”

The game continued, but it was clear that some people were more invested in others. Rin, Hanayo, and now Honoka, all with their empty bladders, were fully involved, keeping track of the numbers, trying to figure out who was lying, trying to get away with clever plays. Maki and Nozomi also seemed pretty invested, despite their obvious discomfort, and Kotori, despite her clear desperation, was focusing on the game, in part to take her mind off of her overfilled bladder.

On the other hand, Umi was focused, but her mind kept being torn back to her discomfort as her bladder continued to nag her of its fullness. She could feel it sitting like a rock in her abdomen and no matter how much she shuffled or shifted positions, she still felt the pressure as she held back more and more pee. Eli seemed equally distracted, zoning out as she squirmed and shifted in her seat, and constantly asking what number she was on when her turn came up.

Nico, as well, seemed checked out of the game. Her turn came up, and she looked up at the table.

“Uh, what round is this?”

“You’re threes,” Maki pointed out.

Nico swiveled back and forth in her chair as she looked over her hand, then quickly slapped a card on the table.

“1 three.”

“Bullshit,” Rin immediately called.

“W-what?” Nico asked, “How did you know?”

“Because I have 3 threes and we’ve put down the rest,” Rin pointed out, “So that can’t be a three.”

Rin flipped the card over, and sure enough, it wasn’t a 3. Nico wound up scooping up the pile and grumbled. As she was adjusting all her new cards, she felt a sharp wave shoot through her, and she quickly jammed one of her hands between her legs desperately. She felt a sharp wave wash over her, and for a second she was worried she would leak, but she managed to contain it, just barely.

“You okay?” Maki asked, somewhat teasingly.

“O-of course I’m okay!” Nico snapped back, even though it was clear she was holding it, “What about you, you’ve been restless lately.”

“I’m fine,” Maki replied.

“Are you sure?” Nico asked, crossing her arms.

Nico poked Maki in the abdomen and Maki let out a gasp, jamming her hand up her skirt and squeezing her thighs together tightly. She panted as she tried not to leak, and shot Nico a death glare as Nico laughed.

“Ha, I knew it! You gotta pee too, don’t you?”

“Y-yeah, but I can still hold it,” Maki replied, her face turning red from embarrassment, “B-besides, I’m pretty sure we all need to go at this point. Except for Rin, Hanayo, and Honoka, of course.”

“I don’t need to go!” Nico bragged.

Maki pressed on Nico’s bladder in return, and she doubled over, raising a leg up on her chair and jamming her heel against her crotch to hold it. She glared back at Maki, who was smirking at her smugly.

“What was that about not needing to go?”

“Come on, you two,” Honoka frowned, “This is a stressful situation for all of us, we don’t need you two fighting.”

“Says the one who already went,” Umi interjected, crossing her arms over the table.

“Everyone, please,” Nozomi chimed in, “We’re all doing our best to hold it, and if we can’t anymore, we have the closet. Let’s just try to have some fun while we wait for someone to come get us.”

“What if no one comes,” Eli asked, “What if we’re stuck in here all night?”

The room suddenly fell silent. None of the girls wanted to acknowledge that as a possibility. Not only were most of them still holding it, trying to last until someone came and got them, but even if they all gave in and used the closet, there was only so much room before the whole closet was flooded. Not to mention they wouldn’t get any sleep, and would likely wind up in a miserable state for what was the biggest concert of their careers as idols.

Eli seemed to realize her mistake, and she bowed her head in apology, “S-sorry, I’m just stressed and I really need to go too. I shouldn’t have just blurted it out like that.”

“But you’re not wrong, we have to consider being stuck here all night,” Umi pointed out.

“But then, what are we going to do?” Kotori asked, “It’s one thing if it’s only a bit longer, but if we’re all trapped here overnight…”

Kotori wriggled around desperately as she trailed off, and her unspoken words were not lost on the others.

Nico stood up suddenly, a decision she immediately regretted as she jammed her hands between her legs, “W-we should check again for something. There must be something we missed, even if it’s just a sink somewhere, or a container…”

“We already checked everywhere,” Maki pointed out, “Besides, how is a container any better than the closet?”

“A-at least we won’t be leaving a puddle somewhere!” Nico shot back.

“If you want to check, be my guest. I don’t really want to do much walking around in this state,” Maki admitted, squeezing her thighs together.

“I agree with Nico,” Umi got up, “I don’t think we should look for a container or a sink, but we might have overlooked another bathroom somewhere, or maybe we can at least find the key to the locked ones.”

“I think that’s a little optimistic,” Kotori replied, even though it seemed she would benefit the most from a miracle like that.

I’m good to help search, considering I already went,” Rin chimed in, “It’ll help you guys to have someone with an empty bladder to help look around.”

“I’m going too,” Eli chimed in, “I know we’ve already looked a bunch, but in this state, triple-checking wouldn’t hurt.”

“Anyone else want to come search?” Nico asked.

“I don’t think I can manage that right now,” Kotori admitted.

“I’m with Maki as well, I don’t want to be moving around too much like this,” Nozomi agreed, crossing her legs as she nursed her own full bladder.

“Well then, you guys can stay here and play cards or whatever. We’ll go search. But if we find somewhere to go, we’re using it first,” Nico announced boldly.

The search group shuffled out into the hallway as Nozomi began separating the decks and reshuffling, now that there were less players in the game. Out in the hallway, everyone but Rin was shuffling back and forth desperately. Eli had her arms crossed and was rocking back and forth with her legs crossed. Nico was shifting her weight from foot to foot as she bit her lip and looked around, wondering where to start. Umi was starting to bounce as she could feel her bladder pressing out against the hem of her skirt, and was really starting to worry about how full it was getting. If they didn’t find anything or get rescued soon, she wasn’t sure how much longer she’d be able to hold it.

“Where should we begin?” Rin asked.

“I don’t know,” Nico admitted, “I mean, we could start at the front again and work our way back.”

“The problem is we’ve already looked, so we have to search more thoroughly to find something we hadn’t before,” Eli pointed out.

“Why don’t we check the fitting room?” Umi asked, “It’s pretty big and there’s a lot of stuff in there. Besides, when we checked it earlier, we were really only looking for Honoka’s phone.”

The entire group agreed and hobbled down the hall back to the dressing room. It was a rather large area with racks upon racks of costumes towards the front, a mirror and a makeup stand off to one side, and a set of lockers behind a privacy wall towards the back. Rin immediately began rummaging around the racks of clothes, and Nico hopped from foot to foot as she moved some of the rolling racks of clothes to check behind them. Umi didn’t think they’d find much towards the front, so she quickly made her way back towards the lockers, and Eli accompanied her.

The first thing she checked for was a toilet tucked away somewhere towards the back, like one might find in a school locker room. Unfortunately, she came up empty. She turned to Eli, who was checking the lockers, but she paused, doubling over and discretely jamming a hand between her legs. As she bent forwards, Umi could see a small wet spot on her pants near her crotch which was mostly hidden between her legs. The sight made Umi rub her own abdomen, and she could feel her bulging bladder send signals of desperation through her. She bit her lip, and continued, desperately hoping that maybe a key to one of the locked rooms was tucked away in one of the opened lockers somewhere.

It wasn’t long before Umi and Eli had checked every locker, struggling with the ones lower to the ground. Umi even thought she would leak when she went to bend over to check the last few, but she was just barely able to hold it. She looked up at Eli, who was doing more desperate dancing than searching, and the two shook their heads.

Just as they did so, Nico rushed to the back, hopping from foot to foot with both hands between her legs, “Please tell me you guys found something?”

“No, sorry,” Umi replied.

“Ah! Oh no,” Nico doubled over as she buckled her knees, “I… I really have to go. I think I’m seriously going to wet myself here.”

“A-are, are you going to use the closet?” Eli asked. Umi looked over, appalled. She thought Eli was on her side with not using the closet, but she was even asking Nico if she was going to use it. Sure, it wasn’t a full-on suggestion, but Umi thought she would take a firmer stance on it.

“I…” Nico paused, clearly thinking about it.

“You can’t, that’s not a very idol-like thing to do, I’d have thought you of all people would be opposed to it,” Umi crossed her arms.

“It’s not like I want to! But really, I can’t hold it. Leaking in my panties isn’t very idol-like either, but I’m really bursting here!” Nico pushed back.

“Listen, if you really gotta go, you should go,” Rin encouraged, “It’s better than wetting yourself.”

“You can’t! Keep holding it,” Umi encouraged.

“I don’t think you should go either,” Eli backed up Umi, but she was clearly less forceful about it as she had been before.

“I…” Nico stood there, dancing desperately as she bit her lip, then her eyes widened. She doubled over and jammed both hands between her crotch, clamping down hard enough to turn her knuckles white, “I’m at my limit, I have to pee right now!”

She took off, stumbling quickly out of the fitting room and down the hall towards the closet. She was panting and holding herself desperately as she pried the door open and was immediately hit with the smell of pee from the puddle still lingering there. Nico glanced around the room quickly and hobbled over to the edge of the puddle. She barely had enough time to hike her skirt up and shift her panties out of the way before she exploded.

A messy, splashing stream burst out of her and dripped down her legs as she stood there. Nico didn’t even have time to squat down as the forceful spray gushed out of her. She could feel her swollen bladder ache and shudder as it pushed out all the pent up pee she had been holding in. She couldn’t help but throw her head back and moan as she continued to release the flood. Her forceful stream struck the excessive wad of toilet paper that Honoka had discarded, soaking it through thoroughly and muffling the sound of her splashing before it slowly soaked through and started to dissolve.

Splashes dripped down her legs and onto her shoes, and she could feel the hand holding her panties out of the way being sprayed with droplets. Her stream was like a burst pipe spraying hot urine onto the floor. Nico looked down and watched as her puddle spread out, no longer restrained by the toilet paper, mixing with the other puddle and settling into the corner. Now the carpet along the entire back wall was soaked in pee.

It felt like she just kept peeing, even as she could feel relief overtake the aching pressure in her abdomen. She felt her bladder shrink as even as her stream continued unabated. Eventually, however, the pressure waned, and Nico was forced to shift herself forwards so she wasn’t just dribbling between her legs. Finally she finished, and she stood there and let herself drip a bit before her relief was replaced with embarrassment. Not only had Nico nearly wet herself, but her impromptu attempt to pee standing up had left her legs and shoes in a sorry state. She had dribbled a lot into her panties, and the hand she had held them back with was sopping wet in her own pee.

Nico reached for the toilet paper, taking a small amount and folding it up neatly. She tried to clean herself up as best as possible with that small amount, but it was clear she would need more. Wanting to keep her mess discreet, she discarded it off to the side away from where Honoka’s now pulpy wad of paper sat, utterly soaked in pee. Nico then reached for another neatly folded strip, and another, and by the time she was done she had used quite a bit. Embarrassed, she realized she had created a pretty large pile herself, which was slowly soaking into the ever-growing puddle.

She then exited the room and blushed as her shoes audibly squeaked as she stepped back out into the tiled hall. She saw the search group had moved on further down the hall, and she caught back up with them.

“Sorry about that, I nearly wet myself there,” Nico blurted out before blushing again, “Uh, please don’t mention that to the others.”

“No worries,” Rin beamed.

Nico looked to Umi and Eli, who had been against using the closet, but it seemed that only Umi seemed upset by her actions. Eli simply shot her a sympathetic look and nodded, “We’re all in a difficult position here. Now, let’s hope we find something that can remedy that.”

As the four continued on their search, the rest of the idols were crowded around the table, trying to focus on the game of cards. Naturally, Hanayo and Honoka were sitting comfortably and getting full into the game, but it was clear that Kotori was barely paying attention. She was sitting stark upright, barely fidgeting anymore, as she squeezed her thighs together. Across the table, Maki nursed her swollen bladder, feeling it bulge out against her tight dress. She reached down and unzipped the zipper discreetly to give herself just a bit more room, but the pressure this relieved was only a mild comfort. Nozomi was more focused on the game, but she was using it as a distraction even as she rubbed her knees together restlessly. All three of them were growing increasingly more desperate, and in the back of Nozomi’s mind, she sincerely hoped that the other group managed to find something, even if a bathroom seemed a bit too optimistic to hope for.

“5 Queens,” Kotori spoke, placing 5 cards down on the table.

“Bullshit,” Honoka called immediately, “There aren’t even 5 queens in the game, we’re only playing with one deck, remember?”

“It could be the Joker,” Nozomi pointed out.

“It’s not,” Kotori admitted, flipping over the cards, and revealing that only two of them had been queens.

“That was a terrible lie,” Maki pointed out.

“S-sorry,” Kotori replied, forcing a smile even as she squirmed and struggled. Honoka frowned and looked over at her, and was surprised to see Kotori nursing a bulging bladder so big, she could see it even through Kotori’s blouse.

“Kotori, are you okay?” Honoka asked, “I mean, aside from…”

“I’m fine,” Kotori reassured her, smiling. Even so, Honoka could see a sheen on Kotori’s forehead, and it was clear from how much she was squirming that the poor girl was beyond desperate.

Maki sighed, crossing her legs and placing her hand down on the table, face down, “Are any of us even paying attention to the game anymore? I mean, aside from you two.”

Maki motioned to both Honoka and Hanayo, the latter of whom blurted out, “S-sorry.”

“No, it’s not your fault that you wound up going,” Maki shook her head, “I just mean I have to go so bad I can barely focus.”

“Maybe we should go and check if the others turned up anything?” Hanayo asked.

“Should we help them search?” Honoka chimed in, “Maybe it’ll go faster if we split up like earlier.”

“Be my guest, but I really don’t know how much more I can hold it if we’re all moving around,” Maki admitted calmly.

Honoka turned to Kotori, but she looked like she might wet herself if she even stood up, let alone walked around.

“I can go with you-” Nozomi stood up carefully as she spoke, but her offer wasn’t necessary. Before she could even finish her sentence, the door opened and Nico, Rin, Eli, and Umi all shuffled in. Nico and Rin looked perfectly fine, but it was clear Eli was in bad shape, openly holding herself and dancing in place. Umi was shuffling uncomfortably and biting her lip, but she wouldn’t allow herself to openly hold it.

“No luck,” Nico sighed, “We found a key, but it just opened a cabinet filled with snacks.”

“Snacks?” Honoka asked, eyes lighting up. However, she received a couple of stern looks from those still really trying to hold it in, so she shrunk down.

“This is bad,” Kotori spoke up, “I don’t know how much longer we’re gonna be able to hold it.”

“I think we really need to consider using the closet,” Nozomi suggested, “We’ve been holding it for a while, and we have no idea when they’ll realize we’re gone.”

“But-” Umi tried to protest.

“Plus, some of us have already used it,” Rin pointed out.

“Wait, it was only You, Hanayo, and Honoka, right?” Maki asked.

“Not anymore,” Umi crossed her arms, looking straight at Nico.

“Umi!” Nico complained.

“I knew something was off. You were squirming like crazy when you left the room,” Maki crossed her arms.

“Look who’s talking, you’re bouncing in your seat,” Nico pointed out.

Maki blushed, “That’s not… at least I’m still holding it.”

An awkward silence fell upon the room as Nico struggled and failed to come up with anything to say in response. Suddenly, however, Eli doubled over and let out a squeak as she clamped down against her crotch. The wet spot on her pants grew larger as she felt herself leak again, and she struggled to regain control. She managed to avoid any more leaks, but she could tell she was reaching her limits.

“Eli,” Nozomi chimed in, “I really think you should go. You too, Kotori.”

Kotori blushed as she sat in her chair, but it was clear she had been struggling for a while.

“I… I can hold it!” Kotori reassured, but tellingly she would not remove her hands from between her legs, and her legs were practically shaking below the table from holding back the flood. Honoka shot her an apologetic look, and Umi smiled, glad to see that one of her friends still had the sense not to give in and use the closet, no matter how bad things seemed.

Nozomi turned her attention back to Eli, who was panting with the effort of holding it in, and placed a comforting hand on her shoulder, even as she herself danced in place.

“There’s no real reason to wait anymore, unless the rest of us want to wait here until we wet ourselves,” Nozomi argued.

“I…” Eli paused. Her bladder was so full it hurt, and she knew she couldn’t hold it much longer anyway. The temptation to give in had been chipping away at her willpower, and Nozomi encouraging her was doing a good job of convincing her to just go and use the closet. Still, a part of her resisted, and she shook her head, “I shouldn’t.”

“Eli, please,” Nozomi urged, “Would it make you feel better if I go too? I’ve been holding it for a while and I’m pretty desperate.”

“You’re going to use it too?” Eli asked, surprised.

“Yes, but only if it means you’ll go too,” Nozomi answered, “Otherwise, I’ll keep holding it.”

“I-If you need to go, you should just go!” Eli protested.

“Isn’t that the same logic for you, then? I can tell you can’t hold it anymore.”

Nozomi hugged her from behind and Eli let out a desperate shudder as her friend’s soothing voice further eroded her willpower. Finally, she nodded.

“I’ll go. But only if you go first!”

“Eli!” Umi gasped, shocked.

“I… I really can’t hold it much longer,” Eli admitted.

Nozomi wanted to protest that she should go first, in that case, but she was just happy that her clearly struggling friend had finally accepted relief.

“I’ll be quick!”

Nozomi quickly left the room and shuffled over to the closet with her thighs pressed together tightly. She quickly opened the door and observed the situation. Much of the carpet along the back wall was soaked with pee, and the available room to pee would shrink even more after she went. Nozomi rubbed her abdomen and gauged the fullness of her bladder. She wasn’t quite on the verge of wetting herself, but she was seriously desperate, and she knew she had a pretty large bladder capacity.

She figured the best thing would be for her to pee where there was already a puddle, but Nozomi had never been good at peeing while standing up, and she didn’t want to simply stand in the puddle and pee either. Instead, she positioned herself to the edge of the puddle near the first corner where Hanayo went. She hiked her skirt up and pulled down her panties, trying to keep her balance in a standing squat as she leaned back and hung her ass out over the puddle. She had to grab one of the metal poles making up the shelving for balance as she bent and squatted further before finally letting go.

Her first spurt splashed out and shot more between her legs than over the puddle, and Nozomi repositioned herself again, leaning even further back. She then relaxed again, but only partially, and held back so her stream was less forceful and more restricted. She let out a desperate moan as she finally peed, her bladder muscles screaming for her to relax fully. Still, she accomplished her goal, with a relatively neat stream trickling down onto one of the soaked masses of toilet paper the other girls left, pattering almost silently onto the floor. Naturally, the puddle still spread, but she was mostly aiming for the areas of the carpet that were already soaked, and the toilet paper helped slow the spread further.

She peed like that for a while, trying to keep her flow neat and restricted to keep it from spurting out forwards again. It took everything to fight her body’s urges to force it out, peeing unrestrained onto the floor, but she was really trying to take the others into consideration. Not only was Eli going immediately after, but she had seen Kotori, Maki, and Umi. All of them were quickly reaching their limits too.

Suddenly, however, there was a knock on the closet, and Nozomi briefly lost control, letting out another forceful stream in surprise before squeezing it off completely.

“Nozomi, please hurry, I can’t hold it anymore,” Eli begged. She was dancing outside the closet, desperately dancing and holding on as she tried not to let out another leak into her pants.

“Almost done,” Nozomi called out. She then relaxed again, and in the interest of speed, she forced the rest out. It splashed out towards the edge of the puddle and she was forced to spread her legs further apart to avoid her shoes getting soaked. She was finally able to let out a relieved sigh as the last of her pent-up flood forcefully splashed out of her.

When her bladder was finally empty, Nozomi quickly reached up and grabbed some toilet paper, wadding it up hastily and wiping herself off quickly before simply tossing it to the ground, bearing no mind to where it landed.

She quickly exited the room, holding the door open for Eli as she more hobbled than walked into the room with both hands jammed firmly against her crotch. Eli quickly got to work trying to unfasten her pants, half-worried that she would wet herself from the effort. She managed to unbutton them and pull them down with her panties before she shuffled over to the edge of the puddle and exploded. She was practically hugging her knees as her dam burst, and a torrential gush of hot urine shot out of her. She could feel the backsplash as her forceful stream struck the ground and the puddle and sprayed droplets against her bare ass.

She watched her stream hit Nico’s neatly folded pile of toilet paper and nearly shred the soaked tissue with the force of her peeing. The once-neat wad bunched up and caused her forceful stream to spray back at her even more. Eli couldn’t care about any of that right now, though, as she threw her head back and bit her finger, stifling a moan somewhere between pleasure and relief. She felt her distended bladder slowly deflate as she finally peed, and the painful pressure that she had been struggling to contain morphed into a hazy dull ache.

Eli panted as she lost herself in the blissful relief, sweat dripping from her brow from her previous exertions of holding everything in. Her bladder sent shudder after tingly shudder up her spine as it emptied, and she lost track of how long she had been peeing there.

It wasn’t until her stream started to slow down that she recalled what she was doing, and embarrassment and shame flooded back into her mind. Eli briefly considered stopping, now that she was no longer on the verge of wetting herself, and minimizing her mess to what she had already peed. But as she had inspected the massive puddle below her, she realized how trivial that all was now. She had almost literally pissed a river and now the puddle extended all the way down the entire left wall as well. Eli blushed as she inspected the sheer volume of it, even as she kept peeing, and as ashamed as she was for having left such a big mess in the room and giving into peeing on the floor, she realized it would be wasted effort and discomfort on her part to only go partially at this point.

She allowed herself to finish up and looked around before spotting the toilet paper everyone had been using. She grabbed a good amount and folded it neatly, wiping off her crotch and her ass gently as she let out one final sigh. Despite the discarded wads of paper already discarded here and there in the pile, some of them no longer even recognizable as paper, she still looked around for a wastebin or receptacle of any kind. Realizing there really wasn’t anything, she bashfully tossed her toilet paper into the puddle as well, watching embarrassed as it slowly soaked up the puddle she just made.

Eli then stood up, inspecting her damp panties and the wet spot on her pants. There wasn’t much she could do about either right now, so she bit her lip as she pulled her panties up and made a face of discomfort as the now cold, wet fabric touched her crotch. She pulled her pants back up over them, adjusting them to minimize the discomfort, and headed back out of the closet as well.

As she left, she saw Nozomi waiting for her, and the two headed back to the conference room. Now that there were more girls with empty bladders than with full ones among them, however, the atmosphere in the room had shifted drastically. Honoka, Hanayo, and Rin were joking around, and Nico and Maki were bickering about starting up another card game, even as the latter was still fidgeting and rubbing her knees together as she fought back against her swollen bladder.

However, there were two people in the room who still held an air of discomfort. Kotori was almost bent over the desk, legs squeezed together tightly as she squeezed her eyes shut in concentration, trying not to give into her aching bladder’s signals to let it loose right there. The other was Umi, who was tugging desperately at the edge of her skirt and rubbing her abdomen, nursing her own swollen bladder.

“We’re back,” Nozomi announced, expecting the announcement to prompt one of the other desperate girls to shoot up and rush towards the closet. However, Umi merely focused on holding it, Maki merely nodded, and Kotori clearly focused on holding it over anything that was happening around her.

“Kotori,” Honoka looked over at her friend, who was clearly at her limits.

The poor girl was trembling with the effort of holding it in, and no matter how you looked at it, she had been desperate longer than all of them. It was actually impressive how long she had held on. Even Kotori was surprised she was still holding it, somehow. She had been forced to hold it in unfortunate circumstances before, but she was positive she had never had to pee as bad as she did right now.

Kotori looked over at Umi, who was also clearly holding it in, and frowned. She knew Umi was a stickler for things like this, and she didn’t think Umi would approve, even if the alternative was wetting herself. But unfortunately, Kotori really couldn’t keep holding it anymore.

“I…” Kotori spoke up, already feeling Umi’s gaze land upon her, “I can’t hold it anymore, I’m sorry.”

“Kotori!” Umi’s eyes widened, even as she felt her own bladder spasm.

“I’ve held it in as long as I can, I really tried, Umi,” Kotori looked over at her apologetically, “But I’m past my limits. Even if someone came right now, I don’t even know if I could wait for them to unlock the bathrooms.”

“I can’t believe Eli gave in, but I thought you out of everyone would keep holding it no matter what!”

“Umi, stop being so hard on her,” Honoka urged, “Besides, it’s clear you need to go too. You should both just go already.”

“The closet’s already a mess, there’s not really much of a point in holding it in anymore,” Nozomi pointed out.

“It’s not proper, and the last thing I want to do is make more work for the people who come rescue us. This is supposed to be a nice venue, and we’ve literally made a puddle in one of the closets!” Umi shot back, “The least the rest of us still holding it can do is wait until we’re rescued.”

“I… I can’t, I’m sorry, Umi!” Kotori replied. She then stood up quickly but carefully, and nearly doubled over as she felt a leak escape into her panties.

She gasped and was convinced she would wind up wetting herself right there, but by some miracle she managed to hold on. She took a step towards the door, and then another before feeling another small dribble escape, and she realized she was out of time.

Kotori bolted to the closet, ignoring the drips and dribbles escaping out into her panties. The second she was past the door, she had seconds to pull her panties down and got stuck in a mostly standing position, crouching over as she hiked her skirt up and exploded like a broken fire hydrant. A powerful, forceful stream shot out of her and splashed halfway across the room. Her arc struck a pile of toilet paper and pattered as it soaked through the already sopping tissue further. Dribbles from her stream’s arch struck the dry carpet below, and Kotori realized she was too close to the door. She awkwardly hobbled closer to the puddle as she continued to pee forcefully. Her stream splashed messily onto the ground and the awkward way she hadn’t quite made it to a proper spot to pee left a streak of piss soaking into the carpet. Her spray now messily splashed just beyond the edge of the preexisting puddle, creating a puddle of her own that quickly merged with the rest.

She finally settled into a half-standing squat as she threw her head back and let herself pee uncontrollably, feeling rivulettes and droplets stream down her legs as her awkward position and sheer pressure of her stream meant that the pent-up flood she had been holding far beyond what she thought she was capable of sprayed out of her.

She felt her knees buckle with weakness as she gave into the blissful relief, and she nearly fell over as she felt all the strength leave her. Her bladder ached even as it emptied itself onto the floor, and Kotori couldn’t help but watch as her messy stream splashed and spread the combined puddle out even further. She could’ve sworn she was peeing for minutes before she felt her stream start to weaken, and even then it took even longer to fully taper off and slow to mere dribbles.

Kotori glanced down and blushed at the messy stains she left on the carpet from her awkward crawl the final meter from the door to the puddle, and even then she had added a considerable river to the ever growing puddle. There was hardly any dry room left on the floor, and whoever went after her would have to awkwardly walk around the leaks she left on the carpet near the door.

More pressingly, however, were the streams and dribbles running down her legs and cooling. She grabbed a considerable amount of toilet paper to clean herself off, and tried to pat away all the cold, sticky wetness that clung to her inner thighs and down her calves.

Any other time, Kotori would’ve been utterly petrified, but in this moment she was just grateful she had made it at all. She had definitely pushed herself right up to her body’s limits, and if she had waited even a moment longer, she would’ve left a puddle in the hallway, if not in the conference room.

Letting out a final relieved sigh, Kotori finished cleaning herself up and let her messy wad fall to the ground and start soaking up her puddle. She blushed considerably at the thought of leaving the signs of her clean-up there, but she couldn’t exactly walk out with her legs still dripping with pee, and she had nowhere else to put the offending tissue.

She pulled her panties back up and left the closet, feeling greatly relieved. This feeling, however, quickly faded into shame and embarrassment as she met the unamused gaze of Umi, who was practically bouncing in her chair from desperation, but still adamantly refusing to acknowledge the closet as any kind of substitute for the toilet, even in a last-resort situation.

“Feeling better?” Nozomi asked, smiling.

Kotori blushed and nodded, and took a seat down right next to Umi. Umi crossed her arms, even as she rubbed her knees together. She was more than shocked at Kotori for using the closet, she felt betrayed. A part of her realized she wanted Kotori to hold it out too. If one of the most desperate of them, who had to pee pretty bad when they first realized they just got locked in, had held it until they were rescued, it meant that she was right about holding it no matter what and not resorting to doing something so brash and shameless.

Another part of her was growing increasingly desperate, and knowing Kotori was even more desperate had given Umi the resolve to keep holding it. Now, however, even Kotori had given in and gone. That only left her and Maki, and Maki was so calm and hard to read that Umi wasn’t sure how much she was feeling it.

In truth, Maki was really nearing her limits. It had taken her great resolve to keep her desperate squirming to a minimum, but internally her whole body was screaming at her for release. Even unzipping her skirt to take the pressure off her swollen bladder had only been a mild comfort, and by this point she was focusing solely on holding it and maintaining some modicum of composure.

Umi, however, had no way of knowing this, and merely sat there, frowning at Kotori as her own bladder screamed at her.

“Feeling better, now that you’ve made an even bigger mess to clean up?” Umi spoke harshly, and Kotori further blushed and shrunk down.

“I, I would’ve made a mess anyway,” Kotori tried to defend herself, “I really couldn’t hold it anymore.”

“Come on, Umi,” Honoka frowned, “It was clear Kotori was bursting from the beginning, and she really tried to hold on as long as she could! If any of us deserved to go, it was her!”

“I don’t think any of you should’ve gone!” Umi shot back, “It’s not proper!”

“Yeah, well, neither is accidentally locking a bunch of idols in a concert hall with no access to toilets,” Nico shot back, “We all had to do it. Only you and Maki are still holding it.”

“At least me and Maki ARE still holding it!”

“Actually, I’m going to go too,” Maki stood up.

“Maki? Really?” Umi asked.

“I… I’m at my limit here. I really can’t hold it anymore, and there really isn’t any reason to sit here and wet myself just because it’s not a proper toilet. If I’m gonna make a mess somewhere, I’d rather it be in the closet.”

Umi let out a defeated sigh and gave up trying to convince Maki to stop. Maki kept her composure as she walked out of the room, but as soon as the door closed behind her, she desperately jammed both hands between her legs and bit her lip as she danced in place. She really was at her limit.

Maki staggered over to the closet and stepped in, only to be struck with the thick stench of pee. She noticed the stains and streaks left by Kotori, as well as the wads of toilet paper, now half-dissolved in the large puddle that covered most of the floor.

She quickly shuffled over to one of the last remaining dry spots, nearly losing it as she spread her legs to step over the puddles to get there, and quickly folded up her pencil skirt out of the way. Maki pulled her panties down as she held her crotch with one hand, and let a few errant dribbles out onto the floor beneath her before finally squatting down and letting go.

She squatted properly, arms resting on her knees as she looked down at her stream. It was forceful, but neat, with minimal spray as it splashed into the puddle in front of her. It was almost like she was using a traditional squat toilet. Unfortunately, a toilet it was not, and Maki quickly realized the puddle was spreading out towards her. She shuffled backwards and spread her legs, trying to keep the growing puddle away from her shoes even as she peed.

Her breaths were ragged as she let out a few relieved sighs, closing her eyes and merely basking in the relief she was finally getting. Her brow was sweating from the effort of not only holding it in, but trying to maintain her composure while doing it. In fact, Maki’s main motivation for holding it for so long rather than using the closet was less because she was stubbornly against doing so, but more out of wanting to maintain her appearances, especially since it had been her father’s connections that had landed them this venue. Even then, appearance and composure would’ve served her very little with her skirt and panties totally soaked, so when she reached her limits, she realized she had no other choice.

Her stream slowed to a trickle, and then a dribble as she pushed the last drops out of her. She stood up carefully, avoiding the large puddle once again, and grabbed the toilet paper before taking a small amount of toilet paper and wiping herself up carefully. She dropped the small, folded tissue onto one of the piles of toilet paper already sitting there, and fixed her skirt and panties before stepping back out into the hall.

She returned to the conference room and avoided Umi’s gaze as she sat down, blushing.

“Well, that leaves one of us, then.”

Everyone turned to Umi, who was squirming desperately in her seat. She looked up at everyone and crossed her arms, trying to look stern even as she wriggled around restlessly.

“I’m holding it!”

“Umi,” Kotori frowned, “It’s clear you really have to go. It’s not good for you to hold it in.”

“Y-you were way more desperate than I am now when you went! I can hold it until help arrives!”

“Umi,” Honoka began, concerned, “Please, you really should just go!”

“Absolutely not!”

Umi was determined to hold it, but the truth was despite her strong words, she was desperate. Her bladder was so full and her body wanted nothing more than to relax and let it all out. It was only out of stubbornness that she continued to struggle with all her strength to hold on. She couldn’t keep her legs still under the table, and despite how adamant she was about making it until she had access to a proper toilet, she was desperately begging for help to come sooner rather than later.

“Oh, just let her hold it,” Nico sighed, crossing her arms, “She’ll be forced to go eventually.”

“I… I won’t!” Umi reaffirmed, though she didn’t sound so convinced herself.

“Well, now that most of us are comfortable for the time being, want to continue the game?” Rin asked.

The card game resumed, in the background, but Umi couldn’t really focus on it anymore. She was playing on autopilot as every ounce of her body fought desperately against the pent-up flood inside her. She kept desperately shuffling and shifting in her seat, trying to find a position that gave her some small amount of relief or comfort. However, all she could feel was the immense pressure built up inside of her bladder. She knew she was getting closer and closer to her limits.

Umi strained her ears, drowning out the cheery laughs from her friends as they enjoyed the card game, and hoped to hear the sounds of people walking down the halls, wondering where they were. She wanted someone to show up and unlock the bathroom door so she could bolt to the toilet and finally let it all out.

With her bladder so full, time seemed to slow to a crawl. Seconds felt like minutes as she tried to focus on the game. Every time her turn came around, she stiffly and robotically placed down what cards she needed, or any random card if she didn’t have her number. She was grateful for Honoka helping her reach the center of the table. The last thing Umi wanted was to keep having to get up and stretch over just to place her cards on the pile. She also caught the occasional concerned glance from the others as she sat there, stubbornly holding it, even as it was clear she was becoming increasingly desperate.

This continued for some time. Umi herself wasn’t even sure how long it had been, but it felt like forever, when her bladder sent a powerful wave of desperation shooting through her. She doubled over across the table, dropping her cards and shoving both hands between her legs. She clamped down with all her strength as her bladder fought her to it all out, and she felt a leak escape into her panties. Umi tried desperately to regain control, but she let another few dribbles out into her panties before finally regaining some semblance of control over her bursting bladder.

Unfortunately, while the wave subsided, she was now at the peak of her desperation. She had absolutely reached her limits. She buckled and shook in the effort to keep holding it, and she knew it was only a matter of time before she leaked more, and let it all out onto the floor.

“Umi,” Kotori looked over in concern.

Umi felt tears pool in the corners of her eyes as she realized the inevitable. She would either wet herself, or be forced to resort to the closet like everyone else. Like everyone else had said. She considered holding it longer, but she felt her bladder spasm again and barely kept herself from leaking once more. With that, the last of her stubborn resolve dissolved away.

“I… I can’t hold it anymore.”

Eli frowned, “Umi, please, you should-”

“Yes, yes! Fine!” Umi yelled, more angry at herself than at the others, “I’ll go!”

Umi stood up and gasped as she nearly lost control right then and there. She had pushed herself too far. She hobbled over to the door and Kotori helped her open it so she could keep both hands firmly clamped down on her crotch. She waddled awkwardly across the hall to the closet, and once again Kotori helped her with the door.

Umi looked down at the shameless puddle that covered nearly the entire floor of the small room, and began second-guessing herself. The room was a mess, the carpet was totally soaked, and there were large, half-dissolved wads of toilet paper everywhere. From where she stood, she could see Honoka’s panties soaked by the puddle and tucked away in the corner. It was a disaster, and she was about to add to it. She briefly considered turning around and hobbling back out, but she knew that even trying to was asking to wet herself on the walk back. She really was at her absolute limit.

Umi staggered further into the room, though there was basically nowhere else to pee other than right near the door. She quickly pulled down her panties, squatted down facing the puddle, and relaxed. But then nothing. No desperate explosion onto the floor, no stream. Not a minute ago Umi was positive she was going to wet herself if she waited any longer, but now that she was squatting down and in position, nothing happened.

Even while not able to pee, her bladder was screaming at her for release, and she squirmed around in that squatting position, trying to relax her muscles, trying to give her body the relief it was begging for this whole time. She had finally given in, and now her body itself wouldn’t let her go.

Umi waited for what felt like ages, feeling on the verge of peeing while simultaneously not being able to, and she thought maybe she was right, that she shouldn’t be doing this. She kept looking around the room and seeing the absolute devastation her friends left, and knew that someone else would have to clean it up. Not to mention that if Umi stood up and somehow made it back to the room, she could say that she changed her mind and doubled down on holding it until they got help.

“Umi, are you okay in there?” Kotori knocked on the door. Apparently Umi had been in there long enough for Kotori to become worried.

However, Kotori’s voice also had a different effect. It shocked Umi, who inadvertently let out a spurt onto the floor. Umi looked down, horrified, and before she could stop it, she finally burst. A hot, gushing stream sprayed out of her and soaked the floor beneath her, splashing as it combined with the already large puddle and spread out, soaking into the last bastion of dry carpet that existed in the room.

Umi, still conflicted, tried her best to stop it, but all she managed was to slow the torrential flow as her entire body gave in. She had no more strength, her muscles had been pushed to their limits holding it, and even straining as hard as she could she couldn’t even slow her flow to a trickle, let alone stop fully. Realizing it was useless, and that even if she did stop, she wouldn’t be able to keep holding it long enough for it to matter, Umi gave in and let herself keep peeing onto the floor.

She tried to drown out the embarrassing sound of her stream splashing messily onto the floor, and the muted sound of the flow hitting the soaked carpet constantly reminded her that she wasn’t peeing into a proper toilet. She closed her eyes and tried to enjoy the intense relief she was finally feeling over the abject embarrassment, but even as waves of relief washed over her, she couldn’t shake the feeling that she was doing something very wrong.

By the time she was finished, only the smallest of patches of carpet by the door was still dry, and Umi’s shoes had gotten caught up in the expanding puddle. Frowning, she stood up and looked around, quickly spotting the toilet paper that everyone else had been using. She tried to reach out to it without stepping further into the puddle, but unfortunately she had to step further into the room to grab it.

Once Umi had it, she hastily wiped herself off, as well as using a wad to try to dry out her damp panties as best as possible. She pulled them up and was unsatisfied with how damp they still felt against her crotch, but they were as dry as she was going to get them.

She then realized she was standing there with wads of toilet paper in her hand, and nowhere to put them. She realized the sensible thing would be to discard them with everyone else’s, but she still looked around for a waste basket or something else to dispose of them properly. She also briefly considered taking them with her and trying to find another trash can somewhere, but she realized it would be both humiliating and embarrassing to be carrying around a wad of used toilet paper down the hallways.

Umi let out a defeated sigh and simply let the wad fall into the puddle uselessly, trying to avoid looking at it or thinking about how someone would have to clean it up later. She then wiped her shoes off on the carpet as best as possible before heading out of the room, blushing furiously as she spotted Kotori looking concerned by how long she had been in there.

“Are you-”

“Please, Kotori, don’t,” Umi shook her head. She took the walk of shame back to the conference room, hearing her shoes squeak against the tiles and shrinking down on herself even further. She expected the room to erupt with everyone asking her if she felt relieved or that they told her so, or that she should’ve gone earlier, but thankfully they seemed to understand how humiliated she felt, and aside from a comforting hand on her shoulder from Honoka, no one said anything about it. Umi tried to forget what was happening as she got back into the game, but the embarrassment and awkwardness still weighed on her mind.

About an hour later, the girls were found. Their parents, expecting them all to be back by then, realized something was wrong, and Maki’s parents got in contact with the venue. They had called around and soon the employee who locked up realized her mistake.

“I’m really sorry,” she said when they finally found the girls, “I forgot we recently installed automatic, timed locks on the doors inside the building. There’s a lot of expensive equipment here, so they were installed to prevent theft, but I told you it would be fine to use the front, and you wound up getting locked in.”

“It’s fine,” Maki smiled, “I’m just glad we weren’t stuck in here all night.”

“Yeah, I mean, where would we have even slept?” Rin asked, “And I’m sure we would’ve had to go to the bathroom again.”

“Again?” the staff members asked.

The subject of the bathroom had been brought up, and eventually what they wound up doing in the closet came to light. Rather than being upset with them, however, the staff once again deeply apologized, saying it wasn’t their fault since the bathrooms were locked, and they were sorry for making the girls do something like that due to their oversight.

As the group was all heading out, ready to head home with their parents, Umi found Honoka and whispered to her “Hey, Honoka, your panties are still in the closet.”

“W-what? Oh no, I won’t be able to grab them now!” Honoka blushed, “They’ll definitely find them!”

“Should we go back?” Umi asked.

Honoka thought for a moment before shaking her head, “Nah, it’s fine. They have to clean everything else up anyway, and they won’t know who’s panties they are. It’d be more embarrassing if I went back and told them they were mine.”

Umi blushed, having no idea how Honoka could be so carefree about this. But then again, her words did make some sense, and it had been Umi being so uptight about it that had led to her holding it to the point of leaking instead of just going like everyone else. Still, the thought of her and everyone else leaving such a mess behind for the staff to clean up was equal-parts shameful and embarrassing, and Umi sincerely hoped nothing like this ever happened again.

The End
