A Business Transaction

Author: randomkath

*000*2018-07-29 20:17

A Business Transaction

09:59:55, 09:59:56, 09:59:57, 09:59:58, 09:59:59: 10:00:00. Finally!

Rose scrambled from the hotel bed, tangled her feet in the sheets, almost fell, managed to balance herself out, and hastily waddled towards the bathroom. She was about to explode into a wet mess, she had been for the last couple of hours, but now relief was near! The anticipation was palpable. The door opened, the toilet came into view, just a few seconds, and...

Rose felt herself grabbed by the shoulders, pulled off course, and firmly pressed against the door frame. She struggled for a second, but her client was much stronger than she was.

"Where do you think you are going, Missy?" A stern, dominant voice.

"Good, hard pi.ss!" Just saying the word 'pi.ss' was a mistake. Her sphincter rebelled against all conscious control. She groaned.

"Remember our agreement?"

"I do. Time is up. Let me go!" The client took her hands off Rose's shoulders, but didn't step out of the young girl's way. The older woman crossed her arms under her beautiful breasts, tightly covered by an expensive silk blouse. Her own legs twitched inside her custom-tailored slacks, from the giant load of urine she was holding herself.

"The time is not up, Rose."

Rose squirmed. "It's been twenty-four hours!"

"The deal is for a full day. No excuses"

"But that IS a full day!"

"No. A day is twenty-four hours, but not every twenty-four hour period is a full day. Only the very specific twenty-four hours from 12 a.m. to 12 a.m. are a full day. It's still the fourth. You've got two hours to go. No pee."

Rose panted. She held what felt like a gallon of hot, throbbing pi.ss, and it all wanted out right NOW! "But I... "

"You should think about contracts before you commit, girl. Life is tough. So is business." Rose detected a hint of sexual predator in her client's eyes. Something she had always been on the lookout for, always weary, like any sensible working girl should. But the instincts of a prostitute were worthless against women, it appeared.

The client, meanwhile, was sure enough Rose wouldn't bolt to the bowl at the first chance she got. She stepped away from the girl, reached for the minibar, and pulled out another one of the tremendously overpriced little bottles of water. She held it out to Rose. "Drink up!"

The call girl shook her head. "I can't. Please..."

The woman placed the bottle on the table, and casually reached for the stuffed envelope on the nightstand. She opened it, and playfully ran the huge stack of large bills through her fingers. "Suit yourself. You know you can opt out anytime, if you don't want the money..." It was indeed a very impressive heap of cash. Probably a month's income for the successful business woman, and more money than she had ever seen her entire life for Rose. The young escort reconsidered. She could not afford to let this opportunity slip away from her.

"I... okay." She had to at least try. She uncapped the bottle, and swallowed its entire contents in two giant gulps, before her body could protest. She felt dizzy. There was just so much liquid in her. Her lower abdomen was swollen, her skin felt hot and stretched, her entire pelvic floor pulsated in the massive effort to hold it in. And now the water was sloshing in her stomach.

The client had her by the shoulders again, and held her at arms length, studying her entire body with a lustful stare. Rose wore nothing but a tiny pair of lace panties, and the woman devoured her with her eyes. "Look at you!", she purred softly. "So young. So beautiful. So bursting."

Rose shuddered. What a colossal pervert. A filthy rich pervert, a pervert in the body of an attractive woman in her forties, but a pervert nonetheless. More heinous than even the smelly fat men with anal fixation she usually had to deal with. A stealth deviant. Harder to spot, but a giant freak just the same. At least that was what she wanted to think of her client, but truth be told, she couldn't. If she was perfectly honest, the entire situation turned her on a little. Which was of course ridiculous, she didn’t get aroused by clients, that was just not supposed to happen. It was all just a business transaction, and now she started to enjoy it. She wondered what that said about her.

The client smiled. "Listen honey, I will take off my pants and lie down on the bed now. I want your face between my legs. And don't give me any nonsense about not knowing how again. You've go a clitoris yourself, you'll figure it out. If you make me come, I'll consider letting you pee before midnight. Deal?"

*003*2018-07-30 17:16

{{19 hours ago, LOLC2k said:

I remember this story from a while back on the holdingitboard. I do enjoy this one! Was hoping this was a long awaited sequel though

}}

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/zm91odWVDG4?feature=oembed"

After a year of low motivation and excuses (good excuses, but excuses nonetheless) I dug back into my files, determined to finally start writing again. I re-discovered this text. I know it's only 800 words, but I am pretty proud of it. So I decided I might as well post it.

{{13 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

This is excellent

}}

Thank you.

