The Perfect Worlds

Author: Ranpalan

*000*2019-01-19 22:55

Fan-fan-(arguably-fan)-fiction of Friendship is Optimal: All The Myriad Worlds with My Little Pony replaced by The Elder Scrolls, Celestia replaced by Magnus, and "friendship and ponies" replaced by "the legend and the prophecy".

With thanks to Sake from the Discord for assistance with the lore and theme.

###

"Twice, overcome by primal need, the hero's love will him embrace,

Once then to leave, away to race,

And once, her dignity displaced,

His twisted joy to shyly face."

It was a perfect world.

The young Breton was standing at attention by the alcove, his eyes tracking the other patrons of the inn for signs of thieves and murderers. There was little danger of either; the Count's Arms was Anvil's most respectable drinking establishment, but as a noblewoman's bodyguard he could hardly be seen slacking off. His mind was occupied with his charge's conversation with her friends.

"I wish they'd just give us normal wine, not this watered-down stuff," she complained. Her name was Herminia and she was two years his junior. Her life was a series of social calls on other nobles and an occasional touch of education, and she sought desperately to find the fun that her station denied her. Fun like getting completely smashed with some friends, or like having sex with her bodyguard. So far, she had been woefully unsuccessful, and was peeved that even her attempts to drink that fact away were being frustrated by her father.

"Oh yeah," said Selena, one of her friends, "I bet you'd be hilarious when drunk. And you too, Jena."

"I'm definitely feeling something!" Herminia responded, "I just wish it didn't take so much!"

The girl called Jena nodded. "I heard brandy is even better," she said, trying to look authoritative, "It makes you all warm, even after just one gulp."

"The Nords have mead up there, I heard that's strong stuff too," Selena continued, "Herminia, maybe you can find some excuse to go to Skyrim?"

"Skyrim is cold!" Herminia objected, "But remember that book, about the girl from Bravil? They know how to have a good night there."

"Oh yeah," Selena nodded, "And you'd love it if people didn't mind you not making it to the outhouse!"

Jena burst out laughing, but Herminia went red and took a big swig out of her glass. "That was one time!" she exclaimed, then brought her voice down again as people looked in their direction. "And anyway, it's all because of the damn water in the wine, I'm on my sixth pint and I barely feel anything!"

"One time?" Selena kept teasing, "If so, that's just because you're so well-behaved. I'm sure it'll happen again soon enough if you get your way."

"Yes, one time!" Herminia insisted, "I admit, there was that one time I had to pee in the bushes. It's not happening again."

The bodyguard, still standing just as still, was looking around with considerable less attention than he had been a few minutes ago. The conversation was going to places he found quite, quite interesting. If only they could tell more about what had happened! If only he could have been there, could have insisted that it wasn't safe and that she had to wait just a little more. See her try, see her fail and give in and completely wet her dress...

"Selena, be fair," said Jena, "There was that time you wet your skirts, at that wedding, remember?."

Herminia looked intrigued. The young Breton was getting engrossed in the conversation, too. Almost too engrossed: he barely managed to hide his surprise to see Herminia's father approaching, a letter in hand. He saluted; the girls sat up straighter, any signs of intoxication hidden as well as they could be.

"Ladies, I am sorry to interrupt," he said, "But the ball at the Imperial City has been moved up a week; it will be tomorrow. I think, all in all, it is wisest if you depart for there at once."

###

I had intended to write it out in full and only then post it, but it's slower-going than I thought. This world, I expect, can be completed in four pieces. There are, of course, a myriad more.

