A way with words: A miitopia story

Author: Redboi

*000*2021-06-16 01:18

So, a year ago I lost my miitopia copy and yesterday I just rebought it on my switch, and there were some new features. One of them was these trips you could send two miis on together to help them bond. I always got the cafe as one of my places, which was fine, but I got a very short scene that featured desperation. Granted, it’s a kids game, so I knew nothing would come about it, but as a omo writer and reader I’d personally like to bend the rules and extend this story further.

For reference: If you don’t know what miis are, they are little video game quality human beings that you can mold to look like yourself or others. The two miis that I have specialized on my Wii are Pstar (my own mii that looks nothing like me), and Lstar (the female mii I made for Pstar). Also their names aren’t human names because I suck at giving names to people. These two will be in the story and I’ll add photos for you people to make sure you at least are on the same page as me.

THE CAFE INCIDENT:

Lstar was exhausted. It had been another long day of saving people’s faces and smiting monsters next to her team, and it was starting to wear on her. She always found herself struggling more and more to get up in the mornings, but at least she had Pstar. He really was the only reason why she had the energy to go on everyday. He was always there for her, but she wasn’t sure how much longer she could hamper down. What was she to do?

She removed her mage hat as a familiar face stepped into the room. It was Pstar, with his familiar eye and brow pattern. She knew that if she could see his face he’d probably be smiling right now. They both enjoyed each other’s company well, but never truly got to spend time together outside of the battlefield. That is, not to that point. He approached her, “hey Lstar, I got a surprise.”

She loved surprises, and judging by how excited he was it had to be good. She smiled with elation, “what is it?”

He held up a card and a bag, both colored in polka dot pink, her favorite style. She went up and embraced him, “thank you!” She felt as if she could melt into his arms, but knew it would be a bit awkward if she didn’t pull away. When she did his cheeks and hers were a bit flushed.

She went over to her table to examine her gifts. She thought she might as well open the card first. Opening it up she could see the logos of coffee on the side which revealed to be a cafe card. She turned to face Pstar. “What’s this for?”

He smiled, “We’re going to the cafe tomorrow!”

Lstar almost jumped out of her seat in joy. This was exactly what she needed! A day off from her normal duties. Little did she know of the consequences of her next gift.

She took a look at the bag. It wasn’t too big, but definitely could have something significant in it. She opened the bag. It was some magic juice! She had heard of magic juice before, but had never gotten to try it before. She heard it enhanced your magic abilities while providing you with a delicious drink. She was elated. She just couldn’t wait to take a drink. She popped the bottle open and took a swig. It was amazing.

”I found this yesterday when scavenging around in a hole. Someone either lost it or got rid of it. You might wanna be careful not to drink too much though, as I heard when it reacts with other drinks it causes severe filling of the bl-“ he was cut off by another embrace by her, and her body once again melted into his. Once out of her grasp Pstar slipped into his bed, “have a good nights sleep, you don’t wanna miss the big day tomorrow.”

She smiled at him, “goodnight Pstar.” She took a look at the bottle and then back at Pstar. She downed the whole bottle.

….

“Are you ready!?” Lstar awoke with a shock, as Pstar towered over her. She could make out just a bit of a smile on his face.

She arose out of her bed, “yep, I just need to drink some water and we can be on the way.” She grabbed a glass to her left and downed it. She felt an instant shift in the lower part of her body, as if something of large mass just fell through her stomach and down towards her crotch. Pins and needles. That’s what it felt like, except it wasn’t in her knees or anything, it was in her bladder.

”Let’s go!” Pstar grabbed her hand and they were off.

….

”You want coffee?” Pstar empathetically handed her another cup of coffee as Lstar continued to shake. Her bladder felt like it was being pounded by a hammer, but she didn’t know why. She was about to open her mouth and speak, but then Pstar started. “You know, this reminds me of that one time that…”

He then entailed a story of vast adventure to her while she continued to shake in her chair. Her bladder throbbed against the bottom of her chair. She tried to listen, but she couldn’t focus without almost losing control. She knew she had to get back to the inn as soon as she could. She could tell Pstar knew she was visibly grimacing.

”Hey Lstar, are you ok?” He knew. He knew something was off, and now she had to respond.

”I, I, I can’t take it anymore!!! I need to pee!!!” She rushed out of her seat and onto the pavement near the exit. Pee rushed down her legs and splashed onto the stone step way. Tears flowed as quickly as the pee did as Lstar turned into a running faucet.

When she finished tears continued to stain her face as Pstar wrapped her in a big embrace. “Shhh, it’s ok, it’s my fault. I didn’t tell you about the side effects.” She didn’t stop crying, but she buried her head into his shoulder as the two shared another moment with each other.

$$

$$

