An Unexpected Challenge at the Slumber Party - A DDLC Story

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2022-05-11 13:06

So, it's been a bit since I've posted, but here's my latest story! It's a commission I received by a client who wishes to remain anonymous, but it's a story staring the characters of Doki Doki Literature Club!

A refreshing evening breeze licked at Monika’s cheeks and hair as she strolled up to Sayori’s house. Clad in nothing more than a thin nightgown and a pair of pajama bottoms, with a small bag slung over her shoulders, it wasn’t hard to figure out her intentions. She was here for a sleepover. Sayori’s parents had left the house for a business trip, and had given her permission to have her friends over for the night. So here Monika was, walking up to Sayori’s door ready for a night of festivities.

Monika knocked on the door, and immediately heard Sayori yell that she was on her way. She then heard muffled talking from the other side of the door. Presumably she was not the first to arrive. It didn’t take long for Sayori to open the door. She too was dressed in her sleepwear, wearing a soft t-shirt and a pair of shorts. She instantly smiled upon seeing Monika.

“Welcome! Come on inside! Natsuki’s already here! She brought cupcakes!”

“Great! I brought some stuff over for games, like you asked,” Monika replied, motioning to the bag over her shoulder.

“That’s great! Thank you!” Sayori beamed, hugging Monika before allowing her to step into the house proper, “We’re set up over by the living room! Let me just grab a few more things from the kitchen first!”

Monika made her way over to the living room, which had clearly been set up for a night of festivities. The short table in the center of the room bore cupcakes and other snacks, presumably supplied by Sayori herself. There were cushions for sitting all around the table, and there was a couch further back. Sitting on the couch, with her knees curled up to her chest and her head buried in a manga, was Natsuki.

“Hey Natsuki!” Monika waved.

“Monika!” Natsuki smiled, “Have a cupcake!”

Monika nodded, grabbing one of Natsuki’s specialties off of the platter she had brought and dug in. She sat down at the table as Sayori returned with even more snacks.

“Help yourself to anything here! And let me know if you need anything!”

“I’m getting pretty thirsty,” Natsuki replied, “Where’s Yuri? She’s supposed to be bringing the drinks, right?”

Sayori nodded, “Yeah, I asked her to bring some soda, and she also said she’d bring her tea set. I can get you water if you want, though!”

“That works for now,” Natsuki replied, though it was clear she was annoyed.

“Could you get me one too, please?” Monika added.

“Of course! I’ll be right back!”

Sayori left to grab the two their water, and Monika turned her attention back to her cupcake. She bit into it eagerly, savoring the sweet frosting and the moist, spongy cake. She caught Natsuki glancing up at her expectantly, and she turned to her and beamed.

“Amazing as always, Natsuki! Thank you!”

“No problem!” Natsuki smiled, looking up from her manga “It wouldn’t be a proper slumber party without cupcakes!”

Monika nodded and took another bite, looking over the table of snacks as she waited. It didn’t take long for Sayori to return with their water, handing a glass full of ice and water to both Natsuki and Monika, with a third one for herself.

Monika thanked her as she sat down and took a long sip of water, washing down the bite of cupcake she just finished. As she did so, a slight twinge washed over her body, coming from her lower abdomen. It was the first, telltale sign of a full bladder, hovering in the back of her mind. Not urgent, but present.

The urge also alerted her to another urge. A fullness in her bowels that she hadn’t noticed before now. Much like her bladder, the need wasn’t urgent by any means, but Monika knew she would have to make a trip to the bathroom sooner rather than later.

She briefly considered excusing herself right then and there, but Sayori had just sat down and she wanted to at least wait for Yuri to arrive and for the party to get rolling first. It might’ve just been out of habit from her role as club president, but she also felt the responsibility to get things started, even though technically speaking it was Sayori’s party, rather than hers.

So, instead of heading to the bathroom right away, she pushed her needs to the back of her mind and reached over to grab her bag.

“Here’s the games and stuff I brought for the night!” Monika began, opening the bag and placing each item on the table as she listed them off, “I brought yahtzee, twister, jenga, and a bunch of board games.”

“Great!” Sayori smiled, “I had this movie that I wanted to watch with all of you, but aside from that, I really didn’t have anything planned, and I wasn’t sure what we should do the rest of the night, so this is a huge help!”

“We should wait until Yuri shows up to decide what to do first, but I’m sure we have plenty here to have fun with,” Monika replied.

She then noticed it was awfully quiet coming from where Natsuki was sitting, so Monika turned back towards her. Natsuki was focused intently on her manga, with a slight blush creeping up on her face. She seemed rather invested in what she was reading, and Monika got curious.

“You seem pretty invested in that manga. What are you reading?”

Natsuki’s head snapped up abruptly and the blush on her face only deepened, piquing Monika’s curiosity even further.

“N-nothing!” she blurted out, a bit too forcefully.

Monika was about to pry, but then another knock sounded.

“That must be Yuri! I’ll go get the door!” Sayori smiled, hopping up eagerly and heading over to the foyer to invite Yuri in.

Natsuki seemed relieved by the distraction, something that did not go unnoticed by Monika. She was even more determined to figure out why Natsuki was so focused on that manga.

Sayori returned with Yuri in tow. She was clad in a tight-fitting long-sleeved sweater and pajama pants, and carrying a few bags that looked filled to the brim with bottles and cans of assorted beverages. Sayori seemed to be helping her by carrying a box making clinking sounds, which Monika assumed was Yuri’s tea set.

“Sorry I was late, I was picking up the drinks,” Yuri spoke, setting down a bag of the beverages, “I brought some soda, some coffee, and some canned juice. I also brought my tea set so we can make some tea, either now or later.”

“Thanks, Yuri!” Sayori beamed, “Let’s pick out what we all want, and then put the rest in the fridge for now!”

Monika, Yuri, and Sayori quickly picked out their beverages. Monika opted for some lemon-lime soda, Sayori grabbed a canned coffee, and Yuri picked some juice for herself. The three then turned to Natsuki expectantly, but once again, Natsuki was caught up in her own little world, reading her manga intently.

“Natsuki, don’t you want a drink?” Sayori asked.

The question seemed to snap Natsuki out of her reading and she once again reacted nervously.

“O-oh, sure,” Natsuki nodded, quickly reaching down and pulling out some orange soda without giving it much thought.

Monika narrowed her eyes. She had wanted to ask earlier, but now she was determined to bring it up.

“What’s got you so interested in that manga? You’ve been reading it ever since I got here.”

“I hope you’re not planning on reading that all night,” Yuri frowned, crossing her arms, “I too brought a book I’ve been quite invested in, but I hope to keep it tucked away for the most part. I intend to participate in tonight’s activities.”

Natsuki took exception to that, “Huh? That’s rich, coming from you. You’re always tucked away quietly reading some book or another. I was just reading it while waiting for everyone else to show up!”

“But Monika just said you’ve been reading it even after she got here,” Yuri pointed out, “What’s so interesting about that silly manga anyway?”

“It’s not silly! You always call my manga silly, but you’ve never actually read any of it, you just dismiss it off-hand!”

Monika thought about stepping in. She hadn’t intended for her off-handed comment to spark an argument. It almost felt like she was back at club and she was getting ready to mediate the two before the fight got any worse. However, before she could say anything, Yuri said something that gave her pause.

“Fine, let me see it,” Yuri held out her hand.

“W-what!?” Natsuki asked, surprised.

“If you’re so invested in it, and are so insistent that I’m being needlessly dismissive, then allow me to rectify that by actually reading it, and judging it’s contents for myself.”

“W-wait, I mean, you can, but…”

“Why are you suddenly so hesitant now that I’m open to the idea of reading it? Or was I right that the contents of that manga are nothing more than shallow fantasies?”

“F-fine! Here,” Natsuki thrust the manga into Yuri’s hand, face beet red and cheeks puffed in a pout, “I don’t know what’s gotten into you.”

Monika took her chance, “I’m curious too, let me check it out.”

Sayori nodded, “Yeah, we can all read it together!”

Natsuki only shrunk away more, “I’ve already almost finished it, you guys can read it.”

The three huddled around Yuri as she opened the manga. It seemed to be about a high school girl who had somehow managed to acquire supernatural powers, and joined a club of students who were all supernatural creatures fighting against some evil wizard who kept attacking the school because it was built upon the site of an ancient magical weapon. It seemed pretty standard fare to Monika, given her limited exposure to manga.

However, when the three got towards the end of the manga, the part that Natsuki had been so invested in, things got a bit interesting. One of the wizard’s underlings had actually attacked the school, and had split up the club members across the school so they couldn’t fight together. As part of this plan, they locked the biggest threats, the main character and one of the other girls from the club, in the gym storage room.

This seemed pretty contrived, at least to Monika, and she realized it was likely just a way to let the other club members get fights in, but the scene kept cutting back to the two girls in the storage room. In particular, they kept focusing on the other girl locked in with the main character, who eventually admitted to needing to pee. Not only that, but the manga seemed to focus a lot on this side-plot, with plenty of angles of the desperate character struggling as the two tried to figure a way out of the room.

Monika glanced over at Natsuki and watched as she shrunk further down into the couch, refusing to make eye-contact with any of the girls. At the same time, the situation in the manga acutely reminded Monika of her own urges, and once again she found herself pushing them to the back of her mind as she continued reading.

Ultimately, the girl in the manga wound up escaping the room, but was unable to make it to the bathroom. The wetting happened off-panel, but it was clear from the wet patch and the dialogue after the fact that she hadn’t made it.

Monika wasn’t sure how to feel about the turn the manga took, nor what the other girls thought about it, but she found herself standing there as Yuri closed the book and looked down at it in thought.

“W-well?” Natsuki asked, “Don’t just say nothing after reading it for so long!”

“It’s, uh…” Sayori began.

“I wasn’t aware you were into something so crass,” Yuri stated matter-of-factly.

“Crass?” Natsuki blurted out, clearly offended.

“At first, I assumed it was just another childish manga, but the odd focus on the character’s need for the restroom borders on the obscene.”

“That’s rich, coming from you,” Natsuki pointed out, crossing her arms, “Aren’t you always reading those weird, morbid books?”

“My choice of literature is to explore dark themes for the sake of creativity and to provoke thought. In comparison, this was downright perverted. Not to mention incredibly childish. I mean, the situation was contrived, and the idea that a high school girl would wind up wetting herself is absurd.”

“It’s not absurd! She was locked in a room! I bet if you were forced to hold it like she did, you’d piss yourself too.”

“I would never!” Yuri replied, crossing her arms indignantly.

“Oh yeah? Prove it!” Natsuki challenged.

“And how would I do that?”

“Isn’t it obvious?” Natsuki asked, “Hold it! You won’t be allowed to use the bathroom! I’ll see how long before you start begging to be allowed to go!”

“Why would I do something so obscene?”

“Oh, are you suddenly worried you’ll wet yourself?”

“No, of course-”

“Okay, you two!” Monika cut in.

She was standing there, arms crossed as she stared down both Yuri and Natsuki. She wasn’t sure how the argument got started, but she wasn’t about to let it ruin Sayori’s sleepover, and moreover, all this talk about needing to pee was only further reminding her of her own need.

“Listen, if you two insist on fighting about it, why don’t you BOTH hold it. A holding contest. Yuri, if you have to go before Natsuki, then you can’t really say anything about how childish it is to not be able to hold it anymore.”

“Okay,” Yuri asked, “But then what do I get if I win?”

Monika hadn’t thought about that. She opened her mouth to say something, but then Sayori interjected.

“I have an idea! How about we all participate. We can turn it into a friendly competition! We could make it like a challenge!”

“Why would we do that?” Yuri asked.

“Well, wouldn’t it be fun to see who can hold it the longest? Plus, it would give us a good penalty for any of the games we play! Anyone who loses has to do some sort of challenge that makes it harder to hold it! Actually, there was this party game one of my classmates was talking about that I wanted to try out, but we needed a good penalty for it!”

“I mean, I guess I’m down,” Natsuki answered first.

“I don’t know, I still don’t really-” Yuri began, but seeing the smug look already creeping up on Natsuki’s face, she let out a sigh and nodded, “Fine, I don’t want to argue about this anymore anyway.”

“I’m in too, then,” Monika nodded, not wanting to be the only dissenting voice. She was a little more than a bit apprehensive about it, though, since she already had to go.

“Alright! Let’s start, then!” Sayori smiled, “Oh, but I guess, since none of us need to go yet, we can’t really start right away…”

“You were mentioning that movie you wanted to watch earlier,” Monika reminded her, “We could watch that while waiting.”

“Great idea! You guys ready?”

“Sure,” Natsuki nodded.

“I suppose,” Yuri confirmed.

Monika felt awkward now. She was put on the spot, and didn’t really want to admit that she had to go. She squeezed her thighs together and judged how full her bladder and bowels were. Neither need was urgent at the moment, and if the idea was they were just going to hold it as long as they could, Monika figured a trip to the bathroom first wasn’t really necessary.

“I’m good,” she ultimately wound up saying, pushing her needs once more to the back of her mind.

The four sat down and began watching the movie, making sure to have plenty of drinks beforehand for the challenge to come later. Monika was sitting on the couch with Yuri, and Natsuki and Sayori had opted for sitting on the cushions on the floor next to the table, perhaps for easier access to snacks. The movie wasn’t anything special, and Monika wasn’t particularly invested in it, letting her eyes wander as she sipped on her soda. Perhaps it was because of her own needs, but she found her gaze shifting between her friends. Though, at least for now, no one’s actions gave anything away, least of all that any of them had to go to the bathroom.

As the movie continued, Monika found it harder to push her needs back to the back of her mind. She wriggled slightly as her bladder continued to fill, not helped in the slightest by the soda she had elected to drink. Her stomach wasn’t doing her any favors either, the pressure slowly mounting as she became increasingly aware of her urge to poop. It wasn’t like she had eaten anything bad, but she often needed to relieve herself shortly after dinner. In her excitement, she had forgotten to do so today, and so as far as her bowels were concerned, she was overdue for a trip to the bathroom.

Trying to ignore the building pressure in her abdomen, she once more turned to see if anyone else was starting to feel the urge to pee yet. She found herself studying the others more than the movie. Any errant movement, any slight shuffle. She wasn’t sure why she was so fascinated by the idea, but part of her kind of wanted to know she wasn’t the only one feeling the urge.

About halfway through the movie, Monika felt a spasm rock through her bladder, and she tensed up and squeezed her thighs together. The surge of pressure subsided quickly, but now the feeling of fullness building in her bladder was at the forefront of her mind. She tried to focus on the movie to take her mind off of things, but the more she tried to focus on other things, the harder it was for her to ignore.

By the movie’s climax, Monika was starting to struggle, and she once again found herself wondering if any of the other girls had to go yet either. She scanned around again. Sayori was sitting still, clearly fully invested in the movie and giving no indication that she had to pee whatsoever. Natsuki seemed equally as unfazed, despite having finished both her water and orange soda, and having even gotten up to run to the fridge and grab another. Monika glanced to her side at Yuri, and at first she assumed all seemed well there too. She was gazing at the screen with her eyes half-lidded, like she wasn’t really interested in the movie, but her expression gave nothing away to any urgency. However, Monika noticed she was sitting stiffer than normal, with her knees rubbing together. An empty glass of water and two juice cans sat next to her on the table.

Perhaps Yuri has to go a bit too, that makes me feel a bit better…

After what felt like ages, the movie finished, and Monika breathed a small sigh of relief. Natsuki stood up and stretched. If she had to go to the bathroom at all, she wasn’t showing it. Sayori also stood up to do the same, but halfway through the stretch, her body stiffened slightly, and she placed a hand on her abdomen.

“How’s everyone holding up after the movie?” Sayori asked, “I’m definitely starting to feel it.”

“I’ve definitely gotta go,” Monika took the opportunity to chime in, she didn’t want them suggesting any more delays before the main challenge started.

“My bladder is also starting to fill up,” Yuri admitted, turning away and blushing.

“I guess I kinda have to go,” Natsuki added, though she didn’t look worried at all, “I could definitely wait a bit longer, but if you three have to go already, then we should start the game.”

“What was the game you had in mind anyway, Sayori?” Monika asked.

“Oh, right, I never explained it to you guys,” Sayori recalled, “Well, it was a dice game that uses Jenga blocks, so since we have both of those things here, I figured we could try it. We each take turns rolling a dice, and however many dice we have, we have to stack that many blocks on top of each other. If the tower falls over on your turn, then you lose that round, and have to do some sort of penalty. When my friend explained it, they had to share an embarrassing secret, but I figured we could come up with holding challenges, like drinking a glass of water, or having to press on it, or something.”

“Sounds good to me,” Natsuki nodded.

“Alright, I suppose,” Yuri agreed.

“Let’s get started, then!” Monika added. Her urge to pee was growing by the minute, and she could feel the pressure building up in her stomach as well. The sooner the game could begin, the better.

It didn’t take long for all the girls to get set up, each sitting around the table as the middle was cleared, save for a place to roll the dice and the Jenga blocks, ready to be stacked. Yuri also offered to brew everyone some tea while they set up, so a hot pot of it sat waiting on a side table, and each of the girls had a glass of water and a hot cup of tea ready to fill their bladders even faster.

“Let’s begin! Who goes first?” Monika asked.

“Let’s roll for the order to make it fair!” Sayori suggested. They rolled the dice and the order was Monika, Yuri, Sayori, and Natsuki. Conveniently, the four were already sitting in that order, so they could just go around the table and keep track of it easier.

“Well Monika, you’re up first!”

Monika leaned forwards, ignoring the protest from her bladder, and rolled the first dice. 4. She grabbed four blocks and stacked them neatly on top of each other. Seeing as she was the first to go, she wasn’t worried about the tower losing balance.

“My turn now,” Yuri rolled a one. She placed her block on the tower, and passed the dice to Sayori.

“Ooh, another 4! Your turn, Natsuki.”

“I got a 3, back to you, Monika!”

The tower was starting to get a bit precarious, so Monika hoped for a low number. She held her breath and rolled. It was a 2. She placed her two blocks on the tower carefully, and passed the dice onto Yuri.

Yuri rolled, and the girl’s all gasped as they saw the dice.

“Ooh, a 6, that’s going to be hard!” Natsuki pointed out.

Yuri reached to grab her blocks, carefully stacking on top of them one after the other with the grace that Monika had come to expect from Yuri by now. Monika wondered if Yuri would actually manage to stack all 6 blocks, but after the 4th block, the tower tattered, and as Yuri was trying to balance the fifth, the whole tower came crashing down.

“Aw, bad luck, Yuri,” Sayori said, “Okay, so, what should the challenge be?”

“How about… you have to chug that glass of water?” Natsuki pointed to the full glass next to Yuri.

“A-alright…” Yuri nodded, looking a little nervous. She chugged the glass quickly, before shuffling in place a bit and passing the dice to Sayori.

Monika took the time to study everyone else at the table. Natsuki seemed as calm as ever, but it was clear that Yuri and Sayori were starting to struggle a bit. Yuri was sitting up straight, her thighs pressed together as she knelt on the floor. Her knees were rubbing up and down, and her face was a bit red. Sayori was fidgeting with her leg and shuffling around a bit, and she did look a bit nervous.

Monika herself was definitely starting to struggle. Her bladder was uncomfortably full and she was shaking her legs back and forth. Worse still, she was really starting to feel the urge to poop, feeling bloated as the pressure in her bowels kept mounting. She could feel her muscles tense as her body begged her to use the bathroom.

“Alright, it’s my turn again!” Sayori smiled, though her usually cheery voice was definitely undercut by her discomfort. She rolled the dice and hit another 6. She quickly stacked her blocks and passed the dice to Natsuki.

“You girls look like you’re struggling already, this’ll be a piece of cake,” Natsuki bragged. She was hit with instant karma, however, as the dice immediately hit her with a 5. Natsuki found herself carefully stacking each block. By the time she was getting to her 4th and 5th blocks, she was being extra careful. While 11 wasn’t tall for the tower, it certainly wasn’t short either.

Natsuki finished, letting out a sigh of relief, and passed the dice to Monika. Monika rolled and was thankful when it landed on a 2. She stacked both her blocks carefully and passed the dice quickly to Yuri. As she did so, she was hit with a wave of desperation, and sat down quickly, squirming as she squeezed her thighs together and clenched her butt tightly.

Yuri rolled a 3, and nervously grabbed her blocks. She placed them with as much grace and elegance as last time, but she definitely looked a lot more unsteady. It didn’t help that, while she was leaning forwards over the tower, she was shuffling in place, clearly feeling the effects of the extra glass of water she drank earlier. Once she was done, she sat back down quickly, shaking and rubbing her knees together as she blushed.

It was back to Sayori, and with the tower already pretty tall now, she rolled the dice nervously. It was another 5.

“Aw, there’s no way!” Sayori complained.

She reached for her blocks and began to stack them, and it was definitely clear to Monika at this point that Sayori had to go. She was squirming, and finding it pretty hard to sit still. Still, Sayori was being extra careful to stack her blocks. She placed her last one and the tower wobbled before settling, and Sayori breathed a sigh of relief.

However, not a split second later, the tower collapsed.

“Oh come on! It totally stopped! Anyway, what’s my challenge?”

The three girls looked at each other, and Monika spoke up, “Maybe you have to do 10 sit-ups? That seems like it would be hard on a full bladder.”

“That’s so evil. But okay…”

Sayori positioned herself on the ground and began doing sit-ups. The first couple she did smoothly, but halfway through she was struggling. She was squeezing her thighs together and panting pretty hard. By the time she finished all of them, she was restless, with a hand jammed between her legs.

“That was horrible… I really gotta pee now!”

“We’re all holding it,” Monika pointed out, “Let’s just keep going with the game.”

Sayori continued to squirm and dance in place as she passed the dice to Natsuki, who grabbed it quickly and rolled confidently. It was a 2. Natsuki quickly stacked her 2 blocks on top of each other to start the new tower, and then passed the dice to Monika. Monika rolled a 4, and stacked her blocks, still trying to ignore the pressure both from her bladder and her bowels. Yuri looked uncomfortable and squirmed as she rolled her dice, and was relieved when she rolled a 2. Sayori hesitated, still clearly desperate from the sit-ups she just had to do, and was relieved when she managed to roll a 1. Monika was trying to gauge the height of the tower, and hoped that Natsuki would roll a low number so that, even if she rolled high, she would likely be able to balance her blocks.

“Oh man, a 6,” Natsuki stated, staring down at her roll.

Monika watched intently, feeling her bladder nag her in protest as she hoped that Natsuki would knock the tower over. It was not to be, however, and Monika found herself rolling next. It was a 4. Monika quickly reached for her blocks, trying to be careful, but also wanting to get past her turn as quickly as possible. She stacked 2 blocks on the tower without any trouble, but then her bladder hit her with another spasm. She flinched as she was trying to place the 3rd block, and the whole tower came tumbling down.

Monika clenched her thighs together as she fought back the wave of urgency, and sighed, “Alright, what’s my challenge?”

None of the girls seemed like they had an idea, until Natsuki looked over and saw the other stack of games Monika had brought.

“I know! How about Twister? We roll once, for each of your limbs, and you have to hold that position after for 10 seconds!”

Monika hesitated. She knew that any twister pose where she had to really spread her legs or contort would be difficult, but everyone seemed to be struggling to come up with any other challenge suggestions.

“Alright,” Monika nodded, wanting to get her challenge over with. They quickly set up the mat, with Monika dancing back and forth as she waited for them to give her the rolls.

“Okay, right arm on red!”

Monika bent over, placing her right arm on the red dot, and immediately her body protested. Not only was she putting undue pressure on her bladder, but her bloated stomach was feeling the effects too. She clenched her butt as she held back the pressure and hoped the other girls would hurry up so she could finish her challenge.

“Okay, left leg on green!”

Monika bit her lips and stretched her left leg out over to one of the green circles. Her legs were now spread apart, and if she tried to squeeze her thighs together, she’d likely lose her balance. She felt the muscles quiver and clench as a surge of desperation shot through her.

“Right leg on red!”

That was what Monika was most worried about. With red and green on opposite ends, she would have to spread her legs pretty far apart to get her right foot on a red circle. She was now standing there, spreading her legs pretty far and bent over with one hand touching the ground. She was instantly struck with another strong wave of desperation, and in lieu of breaking her position and crossing her legs together, she found herself reaching back with her one free hand and grabbing herself desperately.

“Okay, and the last one is left hand on yellow!”

Monika steeled herself and pulled her hand away from her crotch, quickly coming to miss the pressure it had put against it. She placed it on yellow and began counting the seconds in her head, even with Sayori counting aloud anyway.

The second she hit 10, Monika bolted upright and crossed her legs together, doubling over as she danced around in desperation.

“That was way harder than any of the other challenges!” Monika complained, “It felt like forever too!”

“Maybe we can find some online? Like a generator? That way it’ll be more fair for everyone,” Natsuki suggested.

“Yeah, I think if it’s not us coming up with challenges on the fly, but finding a random one from a premade pool, it will be a lot more fair for everyone,” Yuri agreed.

Monika was a bit annoyed that they came up with this plan after she had played the worst game of twister of her life, but as long as it meant the challenges moving forward would be more fair for everyone, she agreed.

“I’ll look something up, but give me a few moments to compose myself.”

Monika quickly sat down, still squirming as she acutely felt the pressure in her bladder, as well as the poop pressing against her colon. Both from her game of twister and her exertions of holding it in, she could feel a sheen of sweat on her forehead.

She looked at the other girls quickly. Sayori was definitely struggling as well, practically unable to sit still and nursing her cup of tea, clearly not wanting to add more liquid to her body. Yuri was also squirming at this point, rubbing her thighs together as she tried not to look at any of her squirming friends. Even Natsuki, who had been the most composed, was starting to shuffle around a bit.

Monika then turned to her phone to look up holding challenges. She honestly wasn’t sure what they’d be able to find, but surprisingly, there were a lot more of them online than she thought. She found one that seemed to pick them at random and laid her phone out on the table.

“Here we go, hopefully this list will do.”

“That’ll work. I just want to get back to the game quickly,” Sayori stated.

Yuri nodded in agreement, and even Natsuki agreed.

Monika passed the dice to Yuri, and the game started up again, with Yuri rolling a 5. Monika was now finding it harder and harder to concentrate on the flow of the game. Not only had her game of twister really brought the desperation to the forefront of her mind, but the pressure in her stomach was starting to hurt. She felt bloated and was really worried she wouldn’t be able to hold it much longer. Since the game was supposed to just being a pee-holding contest, Monika wondered if she mentioned needing to poop whether the other girls would let her off easier. Still, the idea of even admitting that was immensely embarrassing, and the last thing she wanted was to get egged into holding both, but now with all the girls knowing she had to poop too.

By the time the game turned back around to her, Monika had barely noticed it.

“Oh, I guess it’s my turn, then,” Monika nodded, rolling the dice. 5. The tower was already pretty tall, the rolls must’ve been pretty unlucky this round. Monika moved forwards slowly, feeling her bladder and bowels squeeze against her in protest as she carefully grabbed her blocks. One by one she stacked them on top of each other, trying to ignore her needs. She managed to finish her turn without the tower collapsing this time, and almost immediately sat back down, jamming a hand between her legs and squirming.

Yuri rolled next, rolling a 2. Despite not rolling high, the tower was getting precarious, and Monika watched as Yuri squirmed in place as she tried to carefully place each block. She placed the first one without incident, but while trying to place the second, she let out a gasp and her hand immediately shot to her crotch. She squeezed her legs together as she tried to focus on the second block, but the second she tried to place it atop the tower, the blocks fell.

“No fair, I already lost twice, and Natsuki hasn’t even lost once!” Yuri complained, her voice doing nothing to hide her discomfort.

“That’s the game, Yuri,” Natsuki gloated. She was still trying to act calm, but Monika noticed her legs were rubbing together restlessly, and she seemed a bit more jittery than normal.

“Okay, let’s see what the challenge is,” Monika spoke. She reached over and tapped the button on her phone, and Monika read the challenge out-loud, “Stand with your legs spread apart for 30 seconds.”

“A-alright,” Yuri nodded. She stood up, clearly unsteady, and gave her thighs one last squeeze together before spreading them apart. Almost immediately her eyes widened and she grasped at the hem of her sweater. Her legs were shaking, and it was clear Yuri was fighting the urge to clamp them back together as fast as possible. Yuri bit her lip as she clamped her eyes shut, waiting for the 30 seconds to be over.

“Aaand, done!” Sayori announced.

Almost immediately, Yuri crossed her legs and doubled over, drawing in a sharp breath as she bounced in place. After regaining some of her composure, she sat down, and silently passed the dice to Sayori to continue the challenge.

Monika once again pushed the game to the back of her mind as she focused on holding it. She really had to go at this point, almost unable to sit still, and it really felt like the contents of her colon were trying to push their way out. She was breathing heavily and panting a little in the effort to contain herself.

Suddenly, she felt a strong wave, and pressure began building up right against her anus. She clenched and squeezed as tightly as she could, trying to keep it in, but a bit of gas forced its way past and escaped. She was grateful that it had just been gas, but she was mortified at the idea of anyone smelling it.

Luckily, everyone seemed to be paying attention to Sayori. It was the second go around the table, so the tower was already quite tall, and Sayori had to somehow balance 6 blocks on top. Somehow, she managed it, and with only one wobble, the tower stayed upright this time, and Sayori passed the dice to Natsuki.

Natsuki rolled a 4, and everyone almost immediately knew it would be all but impossible to get the tower that high up without it falling. Sure enough, not even one block in, and the tower came crashing down.

“My first loss! Okay, hit me, what’s the challenge?”

Monika hit the challenge generator, “Drink a glass of water!”

“Oh man, that’s easy!” Natsuki bragged. She quickly chugged her glass of water, barely hesitating as she gulped it down quickly. However, about halfway through chugging, Monika saw Natsuki shuffle in place and squeeze her thighs together, and it was clear that, despite her brave face, she was feeling the effects of a full bladder, and all she was doing now was adding to it.

Once she finished, she placed the empty glass down on the table and smiled, but was still clearly way more uncomfortable and restless than she had been before.

The game continued, with Monika starting off the new round. She rolled a 4 and quickly stacked her blocks, passing the dice onto Yuri, who had shifted positions, and was now sitting on her heel. Sayori was looking worse for wear, sitting unnaturally stiff as she struggled with one hand jammed between her legs. Monika herself was still dancing restlessly in place, the pressure in her bladder and her colon practically begging her to run off to the bathroom and go before it was too late.

She was so distracted, struggling with the pressure as she squirmed and struggled. It was hard for her to find a position she found comfortable, and she was constantly holding back what she hoped was the pressure of another fart.

By the time it was her turn again, she barely registered when she rolled a 6. She tried to carefully stack the blocks on top of one another, but it was harder and harder to focus. She suddenly felt the pressure in her bowels mount again, and she had to clench hard to avoid letting anything out. In her efforts to hold it in, her hand slipped and she knocked over the tower, dooming her to whatever punishment the generator would find for her.

“Okay, let’s see,” Monika replied, straining, “You have to leak for one second, and then stop. Wait, what!? There’s no way, I don’t want to wet myself!”

“Hey, it’s what the challenge says!” Sayori pointed out, “B-besides, it’s just a small leak. I’ve… already leaked into my underwear myself.”

“Yeah, come on, Monika, it’s part of the game!” Natsuki urged.

Monika looked over to Yuri, hoping she would act as a voice of reason, but Yuri merely shot her an apologetic look and turned away. She was squirming pretty bad and Monika figured she didn’t have the energy to put up much protest against Natsuki and Sayori.

Monika let out a sigh and nodded. She was reaching her limits anyway, and any amount of relief from that pressure would be amazing. Monika spread her legs and slowly relaxed her muscles, trying to relax enough to let out a small leak. Despite how badly she had to go, though, it was a lot harder than normal, and she wound up trying to put a bit of pressure to actually leak.

Finally, she did, feeling a hot spurt of pee leak out into her panties. Unfortunately, she also felt something squeeze its way out of the other end. She quickly clamped down and squeezed her muscles shut, but aside from the expected wetness, she also let out a loud fart and felt something hot, solid, and sticky in her pants. It wasn’t much, just a small amount, but Monika could tell that she had messed herself as well.

“Hahaha, was that a fart, Monika?” Natsuki asked.

“Y-yeah,” Monika lied.

“Ah, for a second there, I was going to ask if you needed to poop as well,” Yuri stated.

“I thought so too,” Sayori admitted, “A-actually, I also really have to poop, but we were having a lot of fun with the game, so I didn’t want to ruin it by running off to the bathroom.”

Her face lit up bright like a Christmas tree and she blushed, sitting back down and being careful not to squish the small mass that was protruding in her panties. It was small enough she didn’t think anyone would see it through her pants, but the simple fact that she had actually pooped in her panties was mortifying to her.

I can’t believe it. This is the absolute worst. I hope no one smells it… oh my god, I didn’t even bring a spare change of clothes for tonight, what am I even going to do?

The game started up again from there, but Monika was no longer paying attention. Not only was her mind firmly on the fact that she actually just had a bit of an accident, moreso than the short leak she had meant to, but now that she had tasted a bit of relief from both ends, her desperation was only heightened. Her swollen bladder was begging for more than just the small taste of relief, and as mortifying as letting a little bit out had been, she could feel even more pressing up against her anus, ready to push its way out as well. It reached Monika’s turn yet again and she merely rolled and stacked her blocks, almost on autopilot.

Should I just give up and go now? Oh my god, I have to go to the bathroom. I just want to run there and let it all out. But we’re all playing this game, and worse still, if I mention I have to poop now, they might smell it, they’ll totally smell it But I can’t hold it much longer, I’m really on the verge of wetting and shitting myself… this is the worst…

The game reached Natsuki next before the tower came crashing down again, and Natsuki complained, not bothering to play anything up anymore. Monika tapped the phone, and the challenge Natsuki got was to run her hand under running water for 30 seconds.

“Oh god, that’ll be hard,” Natsuki spoke, “I’ll be back, I’ll use the one in the sink so no one thinks I’m cheating and going to the bathroom.”

Natsuki shuffled off, and a few moments later the sounds of a running tap were echoing through both the kitchen and the living room. Each of the girls reacted to the sound. Yuri shifted from simply sitting down to now bouncing on her heel, a hand clamped firmly between her legs. Sayori moaned and jammed both hands between her legs as she squirmed desperately on the floor. Monika herself felt her bladder spasm at the sound as she clamped down, feeling another involuntary leak slip out into her still-damp panties. She clamped her hand down on it hard, and tried not to think about the sound as she fought back her bladder and her urge to poop.

After what seemed like an eternity, Natsuki made her way back into the room, hobbling with one hand jammed between her legs. Everyone was clearly desperate, and Monika was hoping the contest wouldn’t last much longer.

The game started up again, but each dice roll was going by slow as each of the girls squirmed and struggled against their full bladders. The tower didn’t even make it one way around the table. Sayori found herself desperately trying to stack the blocks when she squirmed involuntarily and sent the tower tumbling down.

“No! I have to pee so bad, I don’t think I can do a challenge!”

Despite her protests, Monika steeled herself and reached over for her phone, producing another challenge from the generator and reading it aloud, “Allow someone to sit on your lap and try not to squirm for 30 seconds.”

“O-okay, but who, though?” Sayori asked.

“I think I’m a little too tall,” Yuri mentioned.

“I’m a bit tall too,” Monika added, “but Natsuki should fit in your lap pretty easily,”

In truth, Monika didn’t see any reason why height mattered, but she figured Yuri had spoken up to avoid having to move, since she looked quite desperate, and Monika herself was appalled at the idea of sitting down on anyone’s lap after having messed herself a little.

“Alright, I’ll do it,” Natsuki agreed, clearly wanting to hurry these challenges along. Sayori sat down on the couch and Natsuki took a seat on her lap. Sayori herself was trying her best not to squirm, but Natsuki had no such restrictions, and was shuffling restlessly in Sayori’s lap.

“Stop moving around so much, you’re gonna make me wet myself!”

“I can’t help it, I have to pee too!”

Sayori’s eyes widened and she let out an eep, squeezing her thighs together and trying not to squirm too much as she clamped down.

“Get off! Natsuki, I’m serious, I can’t hold it anymore!”

“Sorry, no can do, it’s part of the challenge, remember?”

“I’m seriously gonna-” Sayori stopped and squeezed her eyes shut as she leaned back, trying to take as much pressure off her bladder as possible, “I leaked! I’m gonna pee! Get off!”

“There’s still 10 seconds left,” Natsuki teased, even as she herself was squirming in Sayori’s lap out of desperation.

Sayori ground and merely struggled, trying to hold on for the remaining time. Each agonizing second, Natsuki’s weight was pressing down on her bladder and making her need to pee even worse.

“Okay, time’s up,” Monika announced finally.

“Natsuki, get off me! Right now! Please, hurry, I’m gonna~!”

Natsuki stood up and Sayori leaned forwards, digging her hands between her crotch. She stood up and doubled over, moaning in desperation as she hopped from foot to foot. She crossed and uncrossed her legs, and froze in place. At first, Monika thought she was just tensing up to hold it in more, but soon a dark spot spread out across Sayori’s pajama shorts and started streaming down her legs. It began to splatter as her stream strengthened, hitting the floor. Sayori let out a sigh of relief as she visibly relaxed, completely wetting herself.

Monika had to turn away, even as she could still hear Sayori pant and sigh in relief, and the sound of liquid hitting the floor as Sayori continued to empty her swollen bladder. Part of Monika wanted to do the same right there, but she had already pooped in her panties, and the last thing she wanted was to wet herself.

As part of her attempts to avoid watching Sayori’s accident directly, Monika turned to look at Yuri, who was looking down and blushing as she was very clearly struggling not to watch her friend wet herself. Curiosity seemed to get the better of her, and she kept glancing back over towards her, even while she herself was fighting to hold on.

When Sayori finally finished, she looked down at her puddle and scratched the back of her head sheepishly, “S-sorry, you three, I couldn’t hold it anymore. I guess this means I’m out of the game.”

“Not entirely,” Natsuki pointed out, “You still have to poop, right? Why don’t you hold that in so we can keep the game going!”

“I guess you’re right, I do really, really still have to poop. It was really hard holding both back at the same time.”

Monika wanted to point out that most challenges that would be for a pee holding contest wouldn’t really apply to the other end, but she didn’t have time to protest, and she wasn’t about to bring that up needlessly. She also didn’t want to linger on a conversation that was only reminding her of her own urgent needs.

“Anyway, should we clean up the puddle now, or…?” Sayori began to ask, trailing off, embarrassed, since it was her puddle.

“We can clean everything up at the end, I’m sure that won’t be the last puddle we make tonight,” Natsuki pointed out, “That could also be the prize for the winner, not having to help everyone else clean up their mess!”

No one else seemed eager to disagree, so everyone just nodded, and the game started up again. By this point, it was nearly impossible for Monika to focus on the game. Sayori’s accident had only brought her desperation to a new height, and she was just fighting to hold on. When it became her turn again, she amazingly managed to roll a one, and carefully placed her single block on the tower before returning to her desperate squirming and dancing.

Natsuki wound up losing the next round, and Monika reached over for her phone again, “Do 10 jumping jacks.”

“Oh are you kidding!” Natsuki complained, but compiled, standing up and getting into position.

She did the first two jumping jacks back to back before pausing to double over, squirming around desperately. She got another one in before once again pausing to cross her legs, gasping as she clearly struggled against a full bladder. Each jump was like a jolt going straight through her bladder, and each time she had to pause and recover. By the time she reached 10, Natsuki was squirming around and dancing desperately, unable to sit still. With how much she was wriggling around, Monika was surprised she had managed to hold on through that.

The next round came, and Monika went on full autopilot, just trying to muster up enough strength to hold it until the end of the contest. She didn’t even care about winning at this point, but she figured if everyone was so desperate, that if someone else wet themselves, she could give up without much protest. As she squirmed and struggled, it hit her turn again, and she rolled a 6.

The tower was pretty high, and already teetering unsteadily. She didn’t really think she was going to be able to stack all 6 blocks up. She tried her best to stack the first block on the tower without it collapsing, at least, but her unsteady hand and her unfocused mind made for a dangerous combination. The tower came crashing down.

“Well, guess it’s my turn for a challenge,” Monika spoke, her voice strained. She reached out to her phone and read her own challenge aloud, “Allow someone to give you a tight, squeezing hug from behind.”

“I’d do it, but… I’m a bit wet already, I don’t want to get you wet,” Sayori pointed out.

“Can’t… stand up… not after those jumping jacks,” Natsuki complained.

“I’ll do it,” Yuri stood up unsteadily. Monika immediately blushed. She had messed herself earlier, and she had been desperately begging no one to notice the smell this whole time. If Yuri got really close to her for a hug, even if Monika managed to hold herself, she was worried that Yuri would smell it.

“M-make it quick, I really can’t hold it much longer,” Monika admitted, though while it seemed like she just meant her bladder, she knew in her mind she was on the verge of making an even bigger mess.

“M-me neither,” Yuri admitted.

She reached behind Monika and wrapped her arms around her, squeezing her tightly, and making sure to put pressure on Monika’s bladder for the challenge. Monika let out a desperate groan and felt a leak spurt out of her. She clamped and crossed her legs, trying to fight against the added pressure from Yuri’s hold.

Yuri released her, and Monika let out a sigh of relief, both from having somehow held on, but also from the fact that it didn’t seem like Yuri had smelled anything. Monika sat down quickly and Yuri hobbled back to her spot on the floor, and Monika passed the dice to Yuri.

Yuri rolled a 6, and immediately reached over to grab her blocks. She began stacking them on top of each other, but her hands were unsteady and it was clear she was incredibly desperate. She was shuffling back and forth and practically burying her crotch into her heel, trying desperately to physically plug herself up as she fought back against a swollen bladder. Still she managed to stack her blocks on top of each other, and passed the dice to Sayori.

Sayori also managed to roll a 6, and struggled as she stacked them up. She was no longer desperate to pee, but it was clear she was still moving stiffly and awkwardly, and Monika knew all too well what Sayori was fighting against. As she leaned forwards to carefully stack her last block, she let out a loud fart and blushed, sitting back down.

“S-sorry, I really gotta go!”

“It’s fine, just pass the dice!” Natsuki asked forcefully. It was clear the jumping jacks had taken their toll, and the poor girl had her hands clamped between her legs, desperately struggling to hold on. She pulled one away from her crotch to grab the dice and roll it.

“Another six,are you kidding me?”

Sure enough, not halfway through stacking all her blocks, Natsuki knocked the tower over, and Monika quickly leaned forwards to dish out her challenge.

“Listen to ocean wave sounds for 30 seconds.”

“Is that it, okay!”

Natsuki grabbed the phone and clicked on the provided link, playing it out loud for everyone to hear.

“W-wait, Natsuki, use headphones!” Monika urged.

“Yeah, it’s your punishment, not all of ours!” Sayori agreed, even though she no longer had to pee anymore.

“I can’t… hold it anymore!”

Yuri doubled over, reaching back and clamping both hands over her crotch uselessly. She squirmed and struggled as she squeezed her eyes shut and groaned in desperation, but not a few moments later, a loud hiss could be heard. She burst, a hot, forceful stream of urine pouring out of her as the sounds of ocean waves had overcome her bladder fully. She sat there panting and blushing, each breath almost a moan as she felt her body shake in utter relief.

Monika let out another involuntary leak at the mere sight of Yuri wetting herself, and she didn’t think she would be able to hold it in watching Yuri any more.

“N-Natsuki, you win,” Monika admitted, standing up and bouncing from foot to foot in desperation, “I can’t hold it anymore either, I’m about to wet myself too, so let’s both go to the bathroom before we make more of a mess.”

“H-hey, I’m still holding it too!” Sayori pointed out.

“Even before that, Natsuki didn’t win!” Yuri accused, still wetting herself, “she cheated, she played the sounds out loud instead of doing the challenge herself!”

“Well, you were the one who said wetting yourself was childish, now who’s the child? Me and Monika are the only ones still dry!”

“Anyway, should we continue?” There’s still three of us holding something, so-”

“N-no, I can’t…” Monika admitted, “I can’t anymore!”

Monika felt her whole body fighting against her, and she realized she was at her limit. Focusing all her attention on not completely messing herself, she gave up fighting against her full bladder. She practically exploded, a hot, wet stream of urine poured down her legs, soaking into her pajama pants until they were sticking to her legs. The stream continued to flow onto the floor, spreading out into a large puddle beneath her.

Monika couldn’t even enjoy the sensations of relief as her bladder emptied itself. All she could do was clench and hope that the contents of her colon stayed inside her as she emptied it out, and that she could at least hold it until the bathroom was free after Sayori and Natsuki used them.

Finally, after what felt like ages, Monika’s stream died off, and she stood there, looking down at a downright enormous puddle.

“Well, technically I’m still holding it, but I’m willing to say you’re the winner here, Natsuki, especially since I already wet myself earlier,” Sayori replied, “Besides, if I don’t go now, I’m definitely going to poop my pants.”

“A-alright,” Natsuki nodded, “A-actually, Sayori, I don’t want you making a total mess of yourself, so you can go first. Just please, hurry!”

“Are you sure?” Sayori asked, before a loud noise from her stomach makes her face pale, and she doubles over, “A-actually, alright! I gotta go now!”

“Ah, actually, I also have to poop, a little,” Monika admitted, trying to play it off like she wasn’t also on the verge of messing herself.

“While you three do that, I’m going to clean myself up in the bath,” Yuri replied, voice irritated. She was clearly still upset by Natsuki’s stunt.

The three girls began hobbling their way towards the only toilet in Sayori’s house, which was upstairs. Sayori began slowly climbing the steps, with a clearly desperate Natsuki and Monika behind her. Suddenly, however, Sayori doubled over, and let out a gasp.

“Oh my god!”

A loud fart filled the stairway as Sayori hunched over and grabbed her stomach. It didn’t take long for Monika to notice why. A large lump was forming in the back of Sayori’s pajama shorts. She was pooping herself.

It happened way faster than any of them expected, with Sayori’s shorts and panties suddenly sagging by a large, smelly brown mass at her rear. She gasped and doubled over as even more came out, and tried to adjust herself, looking down and begging for none to leak out onto the floor.

“Well, if you’re already shitting yourself, then I’m going to go!”

Natsuki jolted past Sayori and rushed up to where the bathroom was. Monika looked down at Sayori, who was still making a mess of herself, and apologized as she slipped past too. Sayori simply stood there and finished before trying to hobble her way up to the bathroom carefully.

Monika found Natsuki three steps from the bathroom, doubling over and hobbling from foot to foot, inching closer to the bathroom. Perhaps it was a wave of desperation, or perhaps Natsuki had stumbled over her own feet, but before she could reach the bathroom, the poor girl fell to the floor and let out a loud gasp. A wet patch appeared between her legs as a spurt escaped out from the impact. Natsuki let out a cry of shock and desperately clamped her legs together, jamming both hands against her crotch in a vain attempt to stop the inevitable. Unfortunately, it was too late, and in her struggle to get up, the dams burst. A loud hiss accompanied her moans of desperation as she finally let loose, the powerful spray practically ignoring her panties and pajama pants as she pissed full-force onto the floor. The puddle quickly spread out across the hallway, and Monika paused.

Natsuki wasn’t even halfway done emptying her bladder when Sayori hobbled down the hallway behind them. The second she noticed Natsuki she placed a hand over her mouth and gasped.

“Oh no! I’m so sorry, Natsuki!”

Sayori and Monika stood there and watched Natsuki wet herself, almost transfixed, even despite Monika’s own urgent need. The puddle kept growing and growing, and Monika wondered if it would spread out across the width of the whole hallway. It nearly did, but as Natsuki let out one final gasp of relief, her stream died down, and Sayori patted her on the shoulders.

“I can’t believe you managed to hold that much for that long!” She said, helping Natsuki up and admiring the puddle. As she bent down, Monika could see the rather large lump in her pajama shorts, and was almost equally as impressed by its size, “The rest of us wound up totally making a mess of ourselves way before you did.”

“Y-yeah,” Natsuki smiled, puffing out her chest despite wetting herself, though her face was bright red, “I’m still the winner!”

“Well, with that, I’m going to go clean up before I make more of a mess on the floor,” Sayori replied sheepishly before hobbling into the toilet and closing the door.

“Oh, Sayori, wait!” Monika called out, but it was too late. Monika had downplayed needing to poop, but she was actually on the verge of messing herself. She tried to hold on for a bit longer, but the truth was she had no idea how long Sayori would be cleaning up in the bathroom. She could feel the pressure in her abdomen mount and build up, and she gasped as she doubled over. She clenched as tight as she could, trying to force back the pressure mounting right at her anus. At first, she almost thought she’d be able to make it, but then a sharp pain shot through her stomach. She let out a long fart and hoped that would relieve enough pressure to tide her over, but in the next instant, her colon contracted in one final push, and she could no longer hold it back. She was messing herself.

She could understand why Sayori had managed to shit herself so fast. The pressure in her colon was immense, and the second she felt her anus loosen, almost all of the pressure nearly forced its way out at once. It was a large, mostly solid mass that filled her panties and began to sag as she let it continue to push out. She let out a sigh of relief almost like a moan as she finally felt the relief her body had been begging for this whole time.

“Oh my god,” Natsuki spoke as she turned around, hearing and likely smelling Monika’s accident, “There’s no way you weren’t holding it in this whole time, that thing’s massive.”

Sayori seemed to be done cleaning up in the toilet, or as much as she could be, wearing the same clothes. She stepped out and saw the result of Monika and Natsuki’s accidents, and blushed.

“Oh my, that’s… impressive,” Sayori told Monika, “Sorry, if I had known you had to poop too, I would’ve let you go first. Since, well, I already did.”

It’s okay,” Monika spoke, but she had no idea what she was going to do now. Actually, she had no idea what any of them were going to do. She didn’t know about the others, but she only had her current clothes, and they were all in various stages of messiness after their accidents.

As Monika stepped past the puddle and into the bathroom to hopefully get most of the sagging bulge in her pants into the toilet, she felt completely embarrassed and mortified that she had completely wet and shit herself in front of her friends. But more than that, she was even more mortified at another thought.

That… that wasn’t actually that bad… in fact… it might have even been a little bit fun? There’s no way!

Trying to push that thought to the back of her mind, Monika cleaned herself up as best as she could in the toilet, and stepped back out, wondering how on earth they were going to deal with everything, and how they were going to enjoy the rest of the slumber party.

- The End -

