Trapped in the Hot Spring - A Love Live Story (Umi, Honoka, Kotori)

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2020-11-13 02:40

A story commission by Zenkopan! Not much to say about this one, just a fun to write straight-desperation/peeing story!

The quiet bubbling of the hot pot and the creaking of the rickety wood walls of the inn were all that could be heard as Umi, Kotori, and Honoka sat around in silence. In no uncertain terms, the day had been a disaster so far.

The three were supposedly on vacation. Honoka had won a free two night stay for three at a “Classy, traditional inn! Experience the cultural heritage of Nagano and enjoy the fresh air of the mountains”. Of course, the brochure had significantly played up the inn’s luxury and value. Umi had expected as much, but even with her expectations set low, it all came crashing down upon seeing the run-down inn the three would be staying at for two nights.

Spending half the day hiking there had been quite fun, more for her than the others, but the food was bad, the staff was worse, and half the things in the inn didn’t work. The three had opted to take dinner into their own hands, picking up some fresh ingredients and utilizing the portable stove the room came with for an impromptu hot pot.

“Sorry again, you two,” Honoka apologized for what had to have been the 20th time today.

“Honoka, it’s fine,” Kotori placed a comforting hand on her shoulder, “We were all excited about this trip! None of us expected it to be like this! Besides, once you get past the… quirks of this place, it’s not so bad!”

Umi nodded, “I mean, at least we can get some fresh air, and the scenery’s nice. Besides, I hear that this place does have some really nice hot springs. We should visit them after dinner.”

“Yeah, that sounds good! It’ll be nice and relaxing, especially after walking all day!” Honoka beamed, cheering up instantly. It didn’t take much for her to latch onto the positives, something Umi found a bit endearing.

“Anyway, I think the hotpot’s ready,” Umi stated, observing the broth, “Let’s eat.”

The three eagerly scooted closer to the table as they grabbed ingredients and broth with the ladle. Umi eagerly went for the mushrooms and blew on them slightly to cool them before popping them in her mouth. The other girls went for their favorites as well, and soon all three were tasting the broth for the first time.

Suddenly, all three of them stopped chewing. Honoka’s face turned a violent shade of red, Kotori let out a few small coughs, and Umi herself felt fire erupt on her tongue. She swallowed quickly and reached for her drink, gulping down to quell the flames.

“Hot, it’s really hot!” Honoka noted, doing the same and gulping down some tea to ease the heat.

“We tasted the broth before putting the ingredients in, what happened?” Kotori asked, being the third to follow in Umi’s footsteps.

“Hold on,” Umi looked back over the discarded packs of ingredients they had added, searching for the culprit, “It looks like the meat we added had a chile marinade, it soaked into the broth.”

“Oh no, I’m so sorry,” Honoka apologized yet again, “That was me, I picked out the meat. I picked it because it looked so juicy and there was a lot of it…”

“N-no, it’s fine,” Kotori smiled, “It’s not bad, it’s just really spicy, is all. It’s still edible.”

“You definitely didn’t ruin it,” Umi pointed out, “But still, you should be more careful next time. This time you just made it spicy, but you should pay attention to what you pick out for hotpot.”

Umi felt a little bad for chastising Honoka, especially after the slew of apologies she’d given them that day already, but Umi wasn’t exactly a fan of spicy food. She could handle it, just barely, but she knew it would be a struggle.

She wasn’t the only one worried about it, it seemed. In preparation, Kotori fetched all three of them more tea, and they faced the challenge of finishing the spicy hotpot. By the time they were done, they had polished off all the tea and some more water between the three of them, and Umi herself would be glad if she never had to eat another spicy thing in her life.

Umi looked around to see the aftermath of dinner. Kotori was sitting up properly, but her face was red and her forehead was still sweating from the heat. Honoka was lying face-up on the ground, looking half-dead. Umi herself was fanning her tongue with her hand. She’d go for more water, but her stomach was already full from the dinner, plus all the tea and water she had drunk previously to wash it down. They stayed like that for some time, until the burning in their mouths had subsided, and their bodies had cooled down.

Umi had been the first to move, taking the initiative to clean up the rest of the ingredients, and put the broth away. She wasn’t sure if they’d use it tomorrow, but there was enough left and it felt like a waste to just dump it all down the drain.

“Uggghhh, sorry, again. This trip’s turning out to be a disaster…” Honoka groaned, still lying in the ground.

“W-well,” Kotori smiled, “There’s still the hot springs, at least!”

“Yeah,” Umi agreed, “It’ll be nice to unwind and relax. I can’t see much going wrong with the hot springs, either.”

“Yeah, let’s go!” Honoka sang, pulling herself to her feet, “I already checked the brochure. It’s not a mixed bath or anything weird like that, so it should be fine!”

The three gathered up their bathing supplies and headed to the bathing area. However, upon getting there, Umi and the others were hesitant when they only saw one entrance to the baths. Despite what Honoka said, it definitely looked like it might be a mixed bath.

“Hello, girls,” a receptionist smiled, “Looking to use the hot springs?”

“Yes,” Honoka smiled, “But uh, there’s only one entrance, are they separated or anything like that? Or is it a mixed bath?”

“Oh no, don’t worry,” the woman explained, smiling, “We don’t have two separate areas for the hot springs, but we have men-only and female-only timeslots. Right now, it’s females-only, so you girls are free to go in. The timeslots change every two hours, and it just switched, so you girls have plenty of time to enjoy the baths!”

“Oh, thank you!” Honoka smiled, “Well, at least we don’t have to worry about that!”

The other two nodded, looking relieved, and the three entered. They undressed in the changing area, bringing their towels and toiletries along, and entered the bath proper. They seemed to be the only ones there for now, something that didn’t really surprise Umi given the quality, or lack thereof, of the inn. This place couldn’t be that popular.

The three started off showering and cleaning themselves in the bathing area before the hot springs. Umi washed off the sweat from their hike from earlier and all the sweating she did from eating the spicy hotpot. As she let the water run over her bare form, she noticed a tingle in her abdomen. It was the telltale signs of needing to pee. She drank a lot of tea and water at dinner, and she couldn’t remember the last time she went to the bathroom. Still, it was only a slight nag. Nothing urgent, and she was more focused on enjoying her time in the hot springs, which was about the only thing she was still looking forward to with this place.

Once the three had finished washing themselves, they rinsed off and headed to the hot spring proper. The hot spring was large, with a lot of room to move around and plenty of rocks and spaces to get comfortable. The privacy wall around the outside was just about the only part of the inn that was well-maintained, and the water was clear as crystal. As Umi and the others picked a spot and lowered themselves into the hot water, Umi felt all the tension in her body melt away. The water was the perfect temperature.

“Ahhhhh, this is really nice!” Honoka stated, letting herself sink deeper into the water until it was up to her neck.

“It is really lovely,” Kotori agreed.

“I’m glad we get to relax after such a long day,” Umi added, leaning her back against a smooth rock and lowering herself deeper into the water.

She closed her eyes, allowing her body to relax as the hot water around her warmed her to her core. However, just as she was getting relaxed, her bladder sent another nagging signal, and she tensed her thighs up. She frowned in irritation. She just got in. She didn’t want to get out so soon, especially with how relaxing the water felt. She pushed her urge to the back of her mind and leaned her head back, letting out a relaxed sigh.

“The rest of this trip’s been a total mess,” Honoka admitted, “But these hot springs are really nice. I really needed this after we pushed ourselves so hard last week.”

“That was really stressful. Still, people really seemed to like how our performance turned out,” Umi agreed, “I was really worried when you kept stumbling over the lyrics I wrote, I thought maybe they were too difficult, but we got there in the end.”

“I really panicked when my sewing machine broke,” Kotori recalled, eyebrows drooping from recalling the distress, “Luckily I had saved up enough from my part-time job that I was able to get a new one pretty quickly.”

“Speaking of, how’s the maid cafe gig going?” Honoka asked.

Kotori looked down and blushed, “A-ah, it’s going really well! It’s still really embarrassing that you guys know, though…”

Kotori shifted her weight slightly and sunk deeper into the water. At first, Umi thought it was out of embarrassment, but then Kotori snaked a hand down and pressed it between her legs. It was brief, and Kotori quickly played it off as moving her hand beside her thigh, but Umi had caught it. The act reminded Umi of her own urge to pee, which came flooding back full-force. Umi was forced to squeeze her thighs together and rub them back and forth to ease the sudden wave of desperation. It passed, but Umi could no longer completely ignore her need to pee.

My bladder’s filling up fast. I’ll probably have to get out soon…

Still, now that she knew, or at least suspected, Kotori had to go as well, she had a plan. Kotori wasn’t likely to speak up on her own, but if it started looking like she was pretty desperate, Umi could chime in. Kotori would probably jump in as well, and the two could go to the toilets together.

I’ll wait until then. I won’t be putting it off that long, and the bath is still relaxing.

Now that Umi was watching Kotori, it was definitely clear that she had to go too. She was doing her best to hide her need, but Umi had known her for long enough to pick up on when she had to pee. She couldn’t sit still, shifting her weight from side to side restlessly as she rubbed her legs together under the water. She was talking about something that had happened at her job the other day, but it was clear to Umi that she was having some trouble focusing on the details.

Honoka, being Honoka, didn’t seem to pick up on Kotori’s discomfort, but Umi was really sympathizing with her. Her own bladder was making itself known. It had been filling steadily, and all the tea and water she drank during dinner was slowly trickling down into her lower abdomen. Worse still, the relaxing heat of the water against her naked body, including her crotch, was doing her no favors either. She had her thighs pressed together tightly, and was bouncing her legs up and down, sending subtle ripples through the water.

Maybe I should just go. I’ll be able to relax a lot better afterward, and Kotori looks like she has to go pretty bad over there.

Umi was about to speak up, but it was actually Honoka who stood up first, “Ah, guys, I actually really have to pee. I think I drank too much during dinner.”

“I have to go, too,” Umi nodded.

“Me too,” Kotori jumped in on the bandwagon, standing up and crossing her legs for emphasis.

“We can always come back after we’re done. Besides, it’ll give us time to cool down a little so we don’t boil.”

The three made their way back to the changing room, using their towels to dry off. Umi shuffled in place uncomfortably as she put on the robes the inn provided, but soon all three girls were headed for the door. However, once Honoka reached it, she stopped in her tracks.

“Oh no!”

“What’s wrong?” Umi asked, squeezing her thighs together as her bladder protested yet another delay.

“Ah, well,” Honoka spoke nervously, “I think they accidentally locked us in.”

“What?” Umi asked, crossing her arms. She stepped forwards and tried the door, but sure enough, it wouldn’t budge, “You’re kidding me.”

“Hey!” Honoka knocked on the door, “The door’s locked, let us out!”

Honoka stood there knocking, all the while Umi and Kotori were shuffling in place. Honoka herself had a hand jammed between her legs openly, and was bouncing around as she banged on the door to get someone’s attention.

After several minutes, Honoka’s shoulders drooped and she squirmed in place, “Guys, I think we’re really locked in.”

“Oh no,” Kotori danced in place worriedly, “What should we do?”

It was obvious from her desperate squirming that she was talking about their full bladders.

“Well, technically the hot springs are outside. We could go behind the rocks or something,” Honoka suggested, hopping from foot to foot as she continued to openly hold herself.

“Absolutely not!” Umi chastised her, “There’s no way we can do something like that! Besides, if any of it gets in the spring water, other people will have to bathe in it. That’s just rude.”

“T-then what are we going to do?” Honoka asked.

“Well, I mean, they said the female time slot only lasts 2 hours. Presumably, after that, they’ll send someone to check that no one’s left in the bath before letting the guys in,” Umi pointed out.

“But, that’s…” Kotori trailed off, uncrossing and recrossing her legs as they stood by the door.

“We’ve already been in here for a while, so it shouldn’t be that long,” Umi tried, but she knew it was of little consolation. The time slot had just switched over when they had entered, and even if Umi was generous with her estimate of how long they had spent there already, there was still over an hour left before they’d be let out.

“S-so, what should we do while we… while we wait?” Honoka switched her word-choice, likely to avoid directly referencing their collective needs.

“Well, I’m going to enjoy the hot springs, as much as possible,” Umi replied.

“You’re going to go back in the water?” Honoka asked, looking at Umi like she was crazy.

“W-well,” Umi weighed her options, shuffling in place desperately, “It’s not like it’s going to be any easier to hold it here, and it’s a bad idea for us to stand around in our bath robes. We’ll catch a cold.”

“It is a bit chilly, now that we’re not in the water,” Kotori admitted.

Honoka looked hesitant, but she nodded and they all disrobed and once again headed back out into the hot springs. Now that they all knew they had to pee, however, the atmosphere and situation was a lot different. None of them, not even Kotori, were trying to hide the fact that they were holding it openly. The three were trying to hold a conversation, but clearly it was small talk, meant as a distraction for their mutual situation.

Honoka sat forwards, kneeling with her heel clearly pressed into her crotch. She wriggled back and forth as she clearly struggled. If Umi looked closely, she could see the bulge that had formed in Honoka’s abdomen. Her bladder clearly swollen and full of all the liquid she had consumed at dinner. Kotori was now openly holding herself under the water, both hands jammed against her bare crotch as she squirmed in place. Her face was also bright red, though whether that was due to embarrassment, the struggle of holding, or the heat from the water was anyone’s guess.

Umi herself was sitting carefully with a hand between her legs, shaking her thighs as she rubbed her abdomen with her other hand. She too could feel the bulge of her bladder, sticking out like a rock-hard lump, steadily filling with more pee as all the tea made its way through her. Worse still, every time each one of them moved, it created the torturous sounds of splashing and sloshing that only heightened her need. She imagined the others were in the same boat, and noticed Kotori and Honoka wincing every time the sounds of the water got to them.

“S-so,” Honoka started, pausing either out of her struggle or otherwise trying to figure out how to keep the conversation going so they could try to get their minds off of having to pee, “W-what do you guys want to do tomorrow? I doubt we want to stay here all day until we have to catch the train back.”

“Hmm, maybe we can go sight-seeing? I doubt there’s gonna be much in the town, but we can check it out?” Kotori asked.

“I wouldn’t mind, as long as you two don’t mind the hike?” Umi replied.

“I don’t mind, as long as it gives us something to do!” Honoka smiled, pumping one fist into the air. However, she quickly pulled it back down and jammed her hands between her legs, squeezing her eyes shut at the sudden movement.

Her sudden movement sent splashes of water to Umi, and her bladder took the opportunity to remind her of how full it was getting. She pressed her hand against her crotch and leaned forwards, trying to hold back the flood that was threatening to escape. She managed to avoid leaking, but she was getting more and more worried that she wouldn’t make it until they were let out.

I have to pee so bad. I can’t believe we’re locked in here!

Honoka and Kotori were also acting more and more desperate as time moved on, squirming and shuffling in place as they fought their body’s urges. The three of them could barely sit still, and Umi knew with all the tea they drank, it would only get worse as time moved on. Eventually, the conversation died. The three had nothing to talk about, and Umi was struggling on focusing on anything but her need to pee. She assumed the other two were in a similar state.

Suddenly, Honoka let out a squeak, and she tensed up her whole body. She was shaking in place, scissoring her legs back and forth frantically, with no concern to the waves and splashes she was making. After a few moments of struggling, she bolted upright.

“Oh my god, I can’t hold it! I’m going to have to go here!”

“Honoka, you can’t!” Umi chided, fighting back her own flood, “If it gets in the hot spring…”

“I seriously can’t hold it! I’m gonna leak if I keep trying! It’ll get in the hot springs anyway!” Honoka replied, “If I go behind those rocks, it shouldn’t make it into the water!”

“Honoka-”

“Umi, I, ah!” Honoka doubled over, squeezing herself even tighter, “It’s gonna come out! I gotta go now!”

Umi watched Honoka heading for the rocks. She tried to make it back behind them and out of sight, but before she could flank around the rock, she let out another shocked gasp and squatted to the side in full view of the other girls.

Pee exploded out of her in a powerful gush that splattered against the rocks, causing Umi’s body to tense up just from the sight and sound. Honoka let out a relieved gasp as she continued to pee, full-force, onto the ground below. Since she was naked, there was nothing holding back her stream as it flowed freely out of her.

Kotori and Umi watched in envy as Honoka continued peeing, throwing her head back and bracing herself against the rock as her legs buckled. Umi’s bladder screamed at her to do the same, to rush over there, spread her legs, and pee unabashedly onto the ground beside her friend. Umi pushed back those thoughts and clamped down on her crotch, squeezing her thighs together and closing her eyes so she could no longer see Honoka peeing. Unfortunately, there was nothing she could do about the sound, and the combination of the powerful splashing and Honoka’s relieved moans were doing a number on her resolve.

Finally, the sounds of Honoka’s stream trailed off, and Umi opened her eyes to see Honoka stand up and return to them, placing a hand over her once-bulging bladder with content.

“Sorry, you two, I tried to make it behind the rock, but, well…” Honoka blushed, “Anyway, I feel much better. You two should go too.”

“O-oh no, there’s no way I could go out here so openly,” Kotori insisted, holding her hands up.

“Y-yeah, that’s way too embarrassing, not to mention totally inappropriate,” Umi replied, “I’ll hold it.”

Umi said that, but she wasn’t exactly confident in her ability to make it that long. She didn’t have a phone to check the time, but they still likely had 30-40 minutes to wait before anyone would check up on them. Her need to pee was getting quite bad, and she could feel her swollen bladder bulging out, filled with so much pressure she wanted nothing more than to let it out.

Kotori didn’t look to be in much better shape. She was shaking her legs back and forth, with both hands openly jammed against her crotch. Beads of sweat rolled down her foreheads as she bit her lip, and something told Umi they weren’t from just the heat and steam of the hot spring.

Honoka, now that she had relieved herself, leaned back and relaxed fully. She closed her eyes and sunk deeper into the water, taking care not to make too many sploshing noises to avoid worsening her two friend’s predicament. The three fell into silence again as Umi and Kotori continued to squirm and struggle against their full bladders.

It couldn’t have been another 5 minutes before Kotori stood up carefully, causing water to splash off her body and making Umi wince as her bladder spasmed.

“I’m gonna go try the door again, maybe the attendant outside went to do something and came back.”

She was dancing in place desperately, and Umi could tell she was desperately hoping they’d be let out. It didn’t look like she could hold it much longer, and she must be trying a last resort to make it to the bathroom. She headed off, wrapping herself up in her bath towel, and hobbled out of sight. Umi waited with baited breath as she could hear Kotori’s distant knocking. Umi herself was reaching the height of her desperation, and she was losing confidence that she’d be able to hold out until the time slots switched over.

Unfortunately for the both of them, Kotori returned, still hobbling desperately, with a worried expression on her face.

“No luck, still no answer,” Kotori frowned. She hobbled back to where the girls were sitting, but she neglected to remove her towel or get back in the hot springs. Instead, she sat herself down on a rock with her feet resting in the water, shaking her legs back and forth as she rubbed her thighs with her hands.

Umi watched her squirm there, which only heightened her own desperation further. She was forced to draw her legs up and lean back, trying to take pressure off her bladder. She shuffled from side to side in the water, rubbing her aching bladder with one hand as the other clamped down over her pee-hole. She was so desperate it was getting hard to focus on anything, and the feeling of the warm water against her crotch tingled and enticed her muscles to relax, a reflex she had to fight off by squeezing her thighs together.

“A-ah,” Kotori gasped, shuffling her legs back and forth. She clamped down on her crotch and closed her eyes, leaning forwards and biting her lower lip.

She then began scissoring her legs back and forth, and from Umi’s position, she could see up Kotori’s towel. Her fingers were pressed up against her bare crotch, but there were a few telltale drips leaking out between them.

Kotori then shot up, blushing bright red, “I really can’t hold it anymore, I’m going to try the door again!”

Kotori rushed off, jamming both hands between her legs as she hobbled off quickly. The two watched her disappear again, but instead of hearing the sounds of her knocking on the door, Umi could hear the faint sound of hissing. The bathing area was back that way, with drains in the floor for the water. She couldn’t be sure, but she imagined Kotori was squatted over one, peeing into it full-force.

Part of Umi didn’t blame her, but another part was disappointed. She expected something like that from Honoka, but she always figured Kotori would be more likely to hold out until the end. It also seemed like something she’d be far too embarrassed to do. However, considering she was leaking already, she might not have had much of a choice.

A few moments later, and Kotori returned, her face bright red. She refused to meet Umi’s eyes, partly out of embarrassment and if Umi were to guess, partly out of guilt, now that Umi was the only one left holding it. She said nothing about peeing, but she was carrying herself much more calmly, and the bulge of her bladder was gone, so it was pretty obvious that she had in fact relieved herself.

She once again sat down on the rock, out of the hotspring. Her skin was pretty red, so she might have been feeling pretty overheated. Umi herself was feeling pretty hot too, but she knew her body would get chilly if she left the hot spring, and the cold would do no favors for her bladder.

Speaking of her bladder, Umi was seriously reaching her limits. As stubborn as she was being about peeing out in the open, her bladder was sending wave after wave of desperation, wracking her body and keeping her from sitting still at all. It was clear to herself and both of her friends that she was going to pee sooner rather than later, whether she wanted to or not.

“Hey, Umi,” Honoka frowned, “Maybe you should just go, you look in really bad shape, and both of us already went.”

Kotori blushed, but also nodded, “Yeah, you look like you really have to go.”

“I’m f-fine,” Umi denied, “I can hold it!”

She said that more to convince herself than the others, but with her bladder still filling despite how full it already was, Umi was fighting against the clock. She could hardly sit still in the water, and every desperate shake, every time she pressed her thighs together, and every squeeze she gave herself made sloshing noises that only made her bladder scream back harder in protest. Even if she had been wearing clothes, it’d be hard to miss the significant bulge of her bladder. All of the tea and water she had drank at dinner was sitting at the base of her abdomen, trying to force its way out.

Umi’s body was practically shaking as she struggled to hold on. She had her eyes squeezed shut as tears of the strain stung at the corners of her eyes. She couldn’t focus on anything other than how full her bladder was and how badly she needed to go.

Somehow, she managed to hold out for 10 more minutes, but Umi was now practically shaking in spot in the effort of holding back the flood. Her whole body was telling her to let go, something she could no longer stubbornly put off. She didn’t want to pee out here, or even do what Kotori did and use one of the drains, but she wasn’t going to make it.

“I can’t… I can’t hold it anymore!” Umi blurted out as she shot up. Her bladder screamed at the sudden movement and she doubled over, rubbing her swollen abdomen and squeezing her legs together in an attempt to hold it all back. She felt a short spurt escape her, and she hurried out of the water to ensure it didn’t drip into the hot springs.

She bolted to the rock Honoka had used, ignoring the spasms from her overfilled bladder every time she took a step. She was leaking more, but right now all she cared about was getting out of sight of her friends. She turned around to look back at her friends, but Honoka and Kotori had started up a conversation among themselves, with Kotori sitting on the rock, wrapped in her towel, and Honoka sitting in the water. They were purposely not staring to give Umi privacy, something she greatly appreciated.

She tucked behind the rock and squatted, spreading her legs as she braced herself with one hand. Not a moment after she lowered herself behind the rock, a strong stream burst out of her, spraying a good distance and splashing against the floor. She looked down at her own stream in embarrassment, but she couldn’t help let out a relieved sigh as she finally tasted the relief she had been denying herself. She felt the pressure in her bladder ease up as she peed full force, creating quite a puddle that spread across the tiled floor surrounding the natural rocks of the hot springs.

Ordinarily, just the act of doing this would have been mortifying, but because Umi had been holding it for so long, and because she had been so desperate, she was overtaken with the blissful feeling of relief. She threw her head back and bit her lip to stifle a moan. Waves of pleasurable relief washed over her, and she almost felt aroused as she let all the pent up urine she’d been holding back drain out of her.

She wasn’t sure how long she had been peeing, but finally her flow started to weaken, no longer spraying out at a distance, but gradually coming closer until it was splashing at the ground between her spread legs. Her blissful relief began to fade, replaced with the embarrassment of having to pee in such an inappropriate area, as well as the dull ache of a bladder that had once been filled to bursting.

Finally, her flow tapered off, and she looked down at the substantial puddle of urine she had created. Assuming part of the job of the staff was to clean up the bathing area before letting the men in, there was no way they wouldn’t notice this. Honoka’s puddle had already soaked up and could barely be seen, and Kotori had peed into a drain, but Umi’s would certainly linger until it was cleaned up.

Still, there would be no way of them knowing who had peed behind the rock, and it was their fault in the first place for locking them all in here. Still, Umi felt bad, and even as she stood up, stepping around her puddle carefully so she could return to the others, she would be grateful if she never had to come back to these particular hot springs ever again.

- The End -

