A roller coaster of full bladders

Author: Redboi

*000*2021-08-07 21:05

Hello everyone, I’m back! I hope you all have been having good summers and are keeping cool and keeping yourself and others safe. Today I decided to write this because of an inspiration post. In said post the people there talked about wetting on a roller coaster and how long lines and occasional dysfunction with the rides can lead to some interesting scenarios. Hope you enjoy this read!

A Roller Coaster of Full Bladders:

Emily examined the overly crowded line next to the Millennium Force and sighed. She knew that the summer was really the only time when Cedar Point was a hotspot and that lines would most likely be packed, but it was a scorching Tuesday morning in August.

When intaking air through her nostrils she felt the oxygen pressing against the dry edges of her throat. She reached for her water bottle and gulped down the remaining bits of water she had left. Emily always hated the summer. The flaming heat always caused her to get parched at all times. It wasn’t the necessary water that was the issue but her body’s response to the massive intakes of water. Just last summer she had been so thirsty that she had four bottles of water within the first hour of a three hour car ride. She ended up wetting herself trying to find a bathroom.

Recalling that memory Emily felt a tug at her crotch area. She was starting to fill up. She had drank 3 cups of coffee and 2 bottles of water that morning and it was starting to take its toll. She looked at the long line. It shouldn’t take any longer than an hour. Looking behind her a crowd of people had swallowed her up in the back. She had no option but to wait it out.

…

Regret; that was all that Emily was feeling. Her legs started to quiver as some dangerous thoughts started creeping into her mind. At least she was at the front of the line now, but how could she make it through the ride? What if she didn’t? What would she do then? Should she just turn back?

All those questions were silenced as she entered the gates nearing her seat. The next approaching cart flew around a curve in the distance and sat stagnant for a few moments before being carried towards the lobby area. It was cart C. Emily was in the middle seating area and in front of her sat a girl no older than her in her low 20s and a little girl that looked to be her child. Emily strapped herself in and tried to make it so the bar didn’t put too much pressure on her bladder, but an assistant came over and forcefully pushed down the bar. This sudden force caused Emily to lose control, as a spurt shot out into her panties. She was able to regain control, but as she did the sudden jolt indicated that the coaster was starting. This was going to get messy.

The first hill of a roller coaster was most of the time the biggest one, and for the Millennium it was no different. With the cart progressively chugging up the hill Emily focused her mind on clenching her bladder. She just had to make it through these next few hills. Upon the first drop Emily clenched and was able to keep control. As the cart continued across the track she felt more and more confident about her ability to succeed. Across every twist and turn and sudden change in momentum her bladder was up to the task.

Nearing the end the cart hit a flat straightaway before the last hill. Emily was already planning her next move before the cart just stopped. Everyone looked around as if to find an answer to why the cart was stopped, and then a noise came from the distance.

”Keep calm folks, we’re just having a few technical difficulties here! We will have you off of this in no time!”

Emily laid her head back in dismay. She was so close and now she had to wait for who knew how long. What was she going to do?

Emily looked in front of her and saw the girl and her child. The mom was shaking around vigorously. The child was shaking her knee, “mommy, what’s wrong?”

Emily knew she wasn’t going to make it at a full bladder, but if she tried to release some she might be able to save her pants and the seat. She released her grip on her bladder. A slight spurt shot out into her underwear and stained the crotch of her pants. Once it started to turn into a flow Emily tensed up. She wasn’t fully aware of how much noise she was making however.

Out of nowhere a faint trickling sound came from the cart in front of her. It was the girl in front of Emily. She was wetting herself. The heaviness of her breathing had slowed down and she stopped shaking. The slight trickling had turned into a full gushing noise had increased Emily’s desperation 10 fold. It was hopeless, she couldn’t hold it.

Without build up, a pent up flow escaped from within Emily and a puddle formed from under her. Pee flowing onto the seat was pushed onto the edge and then the floor below. Emily felt disappointed but couldn’t bring herself to tears. She just wanted to enjoy this moment of relief. The coaster started moving, Emily didn’t care. She continued to release her pee onto the seat as the cart parked itself back into the lobby.

Thanks for reading everyone! Sorry I’ve been inactive but I’ve been enjoying my summer with friends. I’ll be here though, so don’t worry about me going away for too long .

