Keelie vs the Lines at School

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-09-21 20:46

Chapter 1

Keelie was a boyish, but attractive college female. She was average height, mostly wore jeans and sneakers, t shirts, and that day a jacket as well. Purple jacket. She had just gotten to school, her hair wrapped in a ponytail, and made her way off the town bus, and into the building. And dear lord, her morning bladder was about to burst into her panties and jeans.

"Oohhh," Keelie moaned. Her arms stuck to her sides in fists and legs pressed together tight as she took small, fast steps. Her belly was expanded out over her jeans waist, her bladder swollen after a whole night worth of pee. She had gotten up late and had to get to class. "Oh no, oh no!" She went through the bathroom doors and tried to push a stall door open. Locked and occupied. She wrestled with the other locked, then one more stall. Also occupied. She pulled on her hair as the pressure below had reached boiling, painful pulses. Her legs shut tight and shuffled over each other. She knocked in the door.

"Excuse me, you done yet? I REALLY gotta go!" She felt the warm gist start across her crotch. She was about to explode. Then, a stall door opened. She ran inside, shut the door, pulled her jeans down, and let it pour out of her. "Aahhh," she said in peace as she felt her bladder and belly deflate back to normal. The pee filled so much it hit her butt. She flushed, washed hands, and took a drink from the water fountain and went to class.

About two hours went by. She had taken a couple drinks from the fountain and her juice bottle. Keelie weak bladder once again had started to ache.

She got up about to use the bathroom, but her professor stopped her.

"Where are you going?"

"To the bathroom," Keelie said and blushed. Having just said aloud in front of everyone she needed to go.

"You can wait until after class."

Keelie let out a breath of annoyance and went back to sit.

As the last half hour went by the pressure had built up again in her bladder. She really needed to go to the bathroom again. Her pee was feeling hot, pushy, and even have anxiety. The professor was drawing on the board to explain water dams. The look at the drawings of water, along with seeing other water bottles around her made her forehead sweat and legs start to shake.

Her friend Thomas looked down at her waist. He saw Keelie hold her belly with one hand and the other hand in her crotch. "You ok?" He whispered.

She said, "I just have to go to the bathroom."

By the time class ended Keelie was DESPERATE. That's why her eyes widened in terror as she saw the line stretch out of the women's bathroom.

"Damn," Thomas said.

"Oh I can't wait that long!" Keelie said as she saw other girls squirm waiting. She ran upstairs and added pulses on her bladder. "No!" She yelled. The bathroom had a line out of it. She ran downstairs to the bottom. One bathroom left in this building. The next was across campus.

She said, "oh thank holy-NO!" Another line stretched outside the toilets for girls.

Thomas watched his poor friend bend over and her jeans tighten around her butt. She held her crotch and sweated in agony. Feelings one pulse after the other hit her hard. Her legs squeezed and squirmed. "What am I gonna do!?!?"

To be continued...

