The Appeal

Author: Roger Ireland

*000*2020-05-04 22:48

The Appeal

Human Resource Director

United Breakdown Ltd

Unit 4,

Appleby Ind. Est.

Coventry

Warwickshire

18th March

Dear Sir,

In strictest confidence Following our recent meeting regarding a full disciplinary hearing to be held on the 1st of April, I write as you suggested, to set out in my own words, the full facts of the matter to be heard.

The call came through to me at about 9.30 on a wet Saturday night in January. The text message read, 'Dark blue Peugeot 206. Reg. No. CE52 KES Broken down A40 Northbound, approx. 2 miles north of Monmouth, LONE FEMALE, PRIORITY ASSISTANCE! VIP MEMBER! Driver details ........ ' The rain was moderately heavy when I set out from base and showed no sign of improvement as I drove the recovery truck the 30 minutes or so from the Newport Depot to the spot just outside of Monmouth where this lady had broken down.

I found the car parked on the side of the dual-carriageway. There is no lighting on this road and the driver, a young lady about 24 years old, was very pleased to see me. She was cold, as the car's engine would not start and so the heater was not working. I asked her name to confirm the report and she told me it was Kate Stephens. This tallied with my instructions and I suggested she sat in my cab to warm up while I looked at her car.

A quick look at the car told me that the fuel pump had packed up and that there was no way this car was driving anywhere that night. I got back into my vehicle and broke the news to Ms Stephens and explained that I would winch her car up onto the back of the recovery truck and either take her back to where she had started her journey, or on to her destination. She pondered the choices for a moment, then said, 'I have to be at work Monday morning and I don't think I will be able to get the car fixed on a Sunday in Cardiff. It would probably be best if I went home to Shrewsbury. Do you mind?'

I replied politely that as a VIP Member this was the service she was entitled to and that I would be happy to transport her home if that was what she preferred. So I rang my control office supervisor and advised that I was taking the member home to Shrewsbury. Then, having winched her car aboard and secured it, we set off North up the A40. The rain had not lessened in all this time and I was glad to be back in the cab.

As we drove towards Shrewsbury Ms Stephens told me a little about herself and it turned out she had been visiting an old college friend from the time she was in Cardiff University doing a Business Studies Degree and that now she was Business Manager in a Bank in Shrewsbury. We talked about our families and holidays, all the sorts of things people talk about when forced into close proximity with a stranger. She told me her name was really Katherine, Katherine Emma, her father’s choice, but that she had been called Kate since Primary School. I told her how I was still single and that I had been working for United Breakdown for five years. She asked me what I liked about the job, considering the long hours and trips away from home. I explained that I had always liked travelling. That meeting people and being able to help them, as well as free travel, possibly to anywhere in England or Wales, was a great combination. Plus I liked the excitement of not knowing where I might have to go next.

She had taken off her coat now and I could see she was dressed in a calf-length denim skirt, a white shirt and a denim waistcoat, the sort I think they call a bolero. I had also noticed that she was quite pretty, with brunette, shoulder length hair and a lively attractive personality. I found myself talking to her quite easily. By this time, Ms Stephens herself had said that I should call her ‘Kate’. Although for a time I did actually continue to address her as Ms Stephens, she finally insisted that I call her Kate. Somewhere around Hereford, Kate opened a bag of sweets she had bought for the journey and gave me one.

There was very little traffic on the road that night. I suppose that the time of night and the weather were responsible. It was one of those journeys where the world outside seemed unreal and distant, as if we were alone in the world, isolated in the cab. The passing scenery, what could be seen, swept soundlessly by like a film projected onto the windscreen. The rain beat continuously against the cab and it was so heavy that we could hear it above the noise of the engine. As we drove, Kate shared more of the sweets with me.

Somewhere between Leominster and Ludlow Kate asked, 'How far is it to Shrewsbury now?' I replied, 'About 30 miles I would think, 40 to 45 minutes maybe.' She said, 'are there any services around, I am dying to pee!' I was a little surprised at her directness but thought for a minute, 'there's absolutely nothing around here, not at this time of night anyway.' I hesitated...... 'I could stop in a gateway for you, or something, if you really need to go.'

'Not in this weather!’ She exclaimed, peering out at the rain lashing the screen, ‘I'll do it in my knickers first!' Unsure of how to respond to that I said, 'You'll probably be all right until you get home, it won't be that long now.' She said, 'I've been needing to go since waiting in that cold car and I can't wait any longer, I'm going to have to do it in a minute.' I again offered to stop for her but she said. ' I'm too warm now to get out and pull clothes up and down in the rain, don't worry I'll be O K,' and offered me another sweet.

I drove on for a few minutes in silence sucking on my sweet and then a sign for Shrewsbury glowed in the headlights showing 26 miles to go. 'There you are,' I said, '26 miles, we should do that in just over half an hour'. 'Don't rush', she said, ‘I've already done it in my knickers'. I was stunned. 'What! All of it', I blurted out. 'Quite a lot ', she said, 'I'm not bursting anymore anyway'. I was intrigued by this revelation, not to mention excited! ' Doesn't it bother you, ' I asked, ' to sit in wet things for the next half hour or so? ' She smiled and said, 'better to be wet and warm than wet and cold. I would have got soaked and frozen getting half undressed out in this weather, anyway, I've wet my knickers before and it's not particularly uncomfortable. Haven't you ever wet yourself anytime?' Another sweet changed hands.

By this time a comfortable intimacy had formed between us, created in part, I suppose, by the isolation of the lonely road and the shared security of the warm, dry cab but Kate had just taken that to new heights by admitting something very, very intimate indeed. I grew a little concerned at this point because I felt that this sort of conversation was a little too personal for the circumstances but I also admitted to myself that I had become somewhat aroused by imagining her bottom wrapped in the warm wetness of her knickers and skirt. Also, her attitude towards me was just so friendly and she didn’t seem to be flirting with me at all. I pondered her question. I had wet myself on an odd occasion in the past but never talked about it to anyone.

I said to her, ‘you said you had wet yourself before, I'm amazed, not that you have, I suppose most people do it now and then, but that you are so open about it'. 'I'm not usually,' she said, 'but we've hit it off quite well and there'll probably be a wet patch on your seat when I get out, so I could hardly keep it a secret could I? I had a couple of accidents at Uni during long lectures and I soon worked out that if I left it too long when I was desperate to pee, I ended up losing control altogether and then everyone found out. If I pee in my knickers a bit at a time I can get away with letting a lot out and no-one ever knows. In fact I have managed to relieve myself completely a couple of times standing up with a long skirt on. You would be surprised just how much you can let out before it shows! Besides, it's no big deal, they're my knickers and skirt! They will be going in for wash when I get home anyway. So why sit and suffer? '

The way Kate explained it, so matter-of-factly, the logic was devastating! All it required was a total reversal of what we are taught from an early age. This intimacy with a girl I hardly knew, combined with the idea of challenging deeply conditioned values, was intoxicating and the whole conversation seemed as unreal as the world outside the cab. I was so aroused by now that I had to make a conscious effort to drive properly. Kate offered the sweets again, looked at me with a shrewd smile and said, 'You like the sound of this don't you? It’s exciting you isn’t it? Don't be afraid to accept your feelings, it is also very arousing. I discovered that years ago. You should try it! '

The rain had finally begun to ease as we were entering the outskirts of Shrewsbury and as Kate guided me through the streets to her house half my mind was on her subtle challenge. As we pulled up outside her house she looked me in the eye and said, 'I'm actually peeing myself again right now, you try it. Make this trip worth remembering, no-one will ever know.' So there I sat, in the middle of Shrewsbury, at one o’clock in the morning, in the company's truck. Beside me was a girl I hardly knew but who in a couple of hours, had managed to persuade me to try something quite mad. So, in a half daze, I sat and completely wet my pants.

At this point it would have been possible for either of us to break the spell that had been woven between us that night. I could have got out of the truck and unloaded her car, or Kate could have just got out and opened her house door. Neither of us did anything and time seemed to be suspended, then, after a moment or two, Kate moved the bag of sweets to the dashboard, slid across the seat to me and put her arms around me. We were very soon pulling each other’s clothes off and she put her hand down the front of my pants and took out my penis. Before long I was on top of her as we lay across the bench seat and my penis was inside her as we cast aside the rest of our inhibitions.

We didn’t notice anything else for a time as we enjoyed each other’s bodies in the dark warmth of the cab. Before we had finished, Kate asked me to stand up on the floor of the cab and face her. Then she started to perform oral sex on me and that was why my bare behind was pressing against the windscreen when the policeman knocked on the window. When I looked up he was shining his torch through the glass. We were horrified and quickly separated from each other and scrambled to pull our clothes around us as best we could. Then we had to get out of the truck and go and sit in separate police cars while we were questioned.

As you are aware, I was arrested that night and held in the cells until the Monday morning when I appeared before Shrewsbury Magistrate’s Court charged with indecent behaviour. The Magistrates said they took a very serious view of the matter but they also said that they believed I had not intended any offence and that I had just been caught up in the heat of the moment. They said that they had heard no explanation from the Police as to why the old lady was up and looking out of her window at that time in the morning but explained that indecent behaviour was still an offence even at 1.30 in the morning! I was then advised that they would deal leniently with me on this occasion and I was given 15 hours community service and warned to be more discreet in the future.

You have indicated that my case may be helped if I gave a true and frank disclosure of the events of that night and, as you suggested, I have left nothing out. I apologize for the intimate and embarrassing nature of some of the account but the above describes the whole truth of all that happened on the evening of Sat. 16th of January and afterwards.

Following this first meeting, I formed a relationship with Ms Stephens. I accept and understand that it is strictly against the company's rules to take advantage of any customer but I believe the foregoing shows that this was not the case. Rather, that we just happened to meet during work time. I did nothing to take advantage of Ms Stephens while she was in my care, she was actually at home and free to leave the vehicle when the intimacy between us began. Ms Stephens and I have now enjoyed a permanent relationship for two months and it is only following the Managing Director’s complaint about me that I have learned that Ms Stephens is his daughter.

I didn’t even notice the significance of the Registration No. and that it was clearly a private plate. The company’s name was not mentioned at the hearing or in any newspaper report and I have offered to re-imburse the company for the cost of sending another driver to recover my breakdown truck from Shrewsbury the next day. I would also respectfully point out that it is only because the Managing Director has a brother who is a Magistrate that he heard about the matter at all. I therefore appeal to you to consider all this, together with the above report, and the fact that Ms Stephens herself has made no complaint whatsoever against me, when we meet on April the first.

Finally, I ask you to take into account my past record of five years service and support my application for a permanent transfer to Telford depot.

Yours faithfully,

Ivor Wettun

Ps When I was cleaning out my truck recently, I found one of the sweets jammed in the heater vent. I attach it here as some small evidence that the above account is the truth.

© 2016 Roger Ireland

