Wet Surprise

Author: repertoire

*000*2018-09-11 23:19

He was at work when I woke up in the early afternoon. It was a cold day but I was all snuggly and warm in bed and didn’t much feel like getting up. I never wear much to bed, even in winter a bra and knickers is fine for me. This morning was no different as I lazed in bed in nothing but my pink bra and grey bikini knickers.

I woke up needing to pee quite badly and in fact I could just feel the slightest touch of dampness against my pussy where I’d obviously sprung a small leak at some point, nothing to worry about though. I’m not a bed wetter by nature but it’s not uncommon for me to wake up desperate to pee with a certain dampness on my knickers. It happens.

Much like my boyfriend I’m very kinky by nature and peeing ourselves is very much one of our things. I do love to surprise him every now and then as well, sometimes I’ll leave a pair of soaked knickers for him lying around, he likes that a lot. Sometimes I’ll wear a skirt pee through my underwear into the toilet then return as if nothing has happened only to engage him in foreplay where I’ll place his hand on my wet pussy, that always drives him crazy. Today was no different, I knew he was due back from work soon and i decided to surprise him. My plan was simple, I’d slip into my pee jeans, we all have them, that one pair of jeans that just look so damn good when soaked with pee but you already know what I mean. Hold as long as I could and then let loose. Didn’t quite turn out like that though.

I jumped out of bed, stretched and wandered downstairs to make a coffee. By this point I could already feel my bladder aching, I knew it wouldn’t be long until I burst so feeling very horny, I slowly released a surge of pee through my underwear. I felt the warmth against my pussy and spread slowly towards my curvy bum. A small trickle slid down my left leg and dripped onto my foot. I’ve gotta be honest, what I felt in that moment was pretty overwhelming and without my permission I felt my bladder release another surge of warm pee through my grey knickers. I couldn’t help but rub myself as my pussy throbbed with naughty excitement.

I could have quite easily wet myself there and then but even though I was clouded by my desires I knew pissing all over the kitchen floor wasn’t a good idea so I wandered upstairs to the bathroom. Every step of the way my pussy was dripping pee and it was driving me crazy. I got to the top of the stairs and purposefully released another surge of pee, my plan was to dribble incessantly on my way to the bathroom to simulate a genuine accident and that is exactly what I did. It’s something I enjoy doing and I like to think I’m pretty good at it. Each step I took I grabbed my crotch and felt my pee trickle through my underwear. I jammed my thighs together to feel pee spread down my legs. It was bliss.

I stood in the tub and positioned myself in front of the mirror, my knickers were soaked from front to back. I tuned my back to check out the wetness on my bum, there was a large wet patch right across the back from side to side just above the gusset. I pulled my knickers up high, giving myself a wedgie and started pissing full force.

My pee went everywhere. It sprayed from side to side to side and thudded onto the tub making a large puddle at my feet. The stream of my pee down my leg made my pussy throb even more now and I found myself rubbing as I was peeing. I could have easily brought myself to a climax there and then but no, that would spoil the fun later. This was my boyfriends surprise and I wasn’t going to deny him his treat.

I finished pissing myself and checked myself out in the mirror. I pulled my knickers out my bum and straightened myself out. I thought I looked pretty damned hot. Grey really is a great colour to show wetness and these knickers were particularly kind to my figure. I shook off any last drips, dried off my legs and feet and moved to the bedroom to wait for my lover to get home.

I heard the door open and slam shut again soon after, he was due back so I knew, suspected it would be him and I couldn’t wait for him to see the wet surprise I had made for him.

I posed in front of the full body mirror. My grey knickers were soaked front to back. As usual my curvy ass was gobbling up the rear of my knickers and it kinda looked like I had a wedgie but I kinda liked it, I figured it showed my curve nicely and the wet patch seemed to go with the curve and was still hugely visible. I struck a few poses and made myself feel sexy and desirable. I could hear him clunking around downstairs as I stepped out the bedroom in nothing but my bra and piss soaked knickers and as I approached the stairs, I called his name.

I stood at the top of the stairs with my hands on my hips with my right thigh gently pushed into my left thigh, not enough to hide the evidence of my earlier “accident” but just enough to feel the dampness against my skin. It felt like an eternity but eventually I heard footsteps approaching the stairs, I composed myself. I could feel my excitement growing and my pussy responded.

I briefly closed my eyes to savour the moment, it was during this moment of naughty sexual excitement that all my sexual excitement came crashing down around me. I opened my eyes and there was my sister stood staring at me. I screamed the house down. I had never felt so humiliated in all my life, well except that one time I pissed myself in a school assembly but that’s a different story. I can’t remember the details of the conversation that followed but I tried to play it down, I mean it’s not like I was gunna tell my sister that I’d pissed myself on purpose or at all for that matter. I think I tried to persuade her that the water pressure on the tap had gone crazy. She wasn’t buying it though, maybe because it was so unbelievably obvious that I’d pissed myself and only an absolute fool would believe otherwise.

In the end I settled for letting her believe that I’d had an accident. It seemed the best thing to do, I didn’t want our sexual secret getting out and if that meant suffering the humiliation of my sister believing I’d simply wet myself by accident, then yeah I was willing to do that. It’s not like It was the first time my sister had seen me wet myself but regardless, it’s still hugely embarrassing.

Better luck next time I hope.

Hope you guys enjoyed this piece and any feedback would be appreciated .

Just FYI, Ive kept any individual descriptions to a minimum on purpose, I believe it should be down to the readers imagination.

￼

*003*2018-09-12 12:42

Thanks guys you’ve given me a nice confidence boost

