Scary stories on trips

Author: Rune Vesgina

*000*2020-07-17 13:36

Today Maria are going to travel to one country in Asia. In Maria’s group have the following members

Aria, age 25, wearing a office worker uniform, skin-tight skirt Long brown hair

Patti, age 24, wears a regular dress, including a white T-shirt and Short jeans

Alice, age 18, a child in the group with short hair to the earlobe Wearing a white dress

And Maria, age 26 Long straight hair, now wearing a floating shirt, shorts

The four of us went to the hotel that we had reserved.

But to book a luxurious hotel, it will not be new to us, therefore, to book a hotel in in the countryside

Alice: Is this a hotel where we are staying?

Aria: Yes, we will experience new experiences despite Alice

Patty: Let's go in.

We told the hotel staff and our room was 203. In the room it was very spacious. Only four people can sleep, but the bathroom will be outside the hotel. If anyone is urinating, then have to have the room key first.

Maria: Hey, shower room is empty.

Alice: Okay

Patty: Everyone, let's tell the ghost story.

Aria: It's fun. I want too.

Maria : Me too.

We turned off the remaining room lights but only the candles from Alice lit up.

And we keep telling ghost stories until a female staff member inspects the tourist's room

She entered our room. She came into our room and Aria invited her to tell a ghost story.

Aria: Can you tell me the ghost story of your country?

Female staff: In the past, this was the dancer’s home. She died because of the murder, unable to find the murderer, but the main point is the condition of the body of the dancers. She died in a broken neck. And I have heard that there was a traveler who saw that dancing woman dancing, but her dance looked strange, if she danced to the left, her neck was broken to the left. If she danced to the right, her neck would be broken to the right.but then suddenly she stopped dancing, pointed her finger and charged at the tourist. And that traveler then signed out from the hotel

Everyone who listens was frightened.

Female staff: If so then I would like to go back.

And we shared ghost stories for a while and then went to bed While sleeping, Alice awakens Maria.

Maria: What Wrong Alice?

Alice: I need to pee

Maria: Can't you go to the bathroom yourself?

Alice: But I'm afraid the ghost

Maria: ( Ah, I want to piss too ) Okay I will go with you.

Maria and Alice go outside to go to the bathroom, but the door of the room is locked because someone had gone out earlier.

Alice: Maria, I'll piss myself.

Maria: W…..What Wait, Alice. Don't pee right now.

Maria is finding a way not to allow Alice to piss herself but when Maria Looking at the window on the porch, there stood a female dancer

Maria: A….Alice …...D…...Dancer On the balcony.

Maria and Alice turned to look at the balcony. That woman's neck was broken And there was a sound of music playing in the room without a radio.

Alice: M…..Maria, Where did the music come from?

And the dancing woman danced to the left, his neck broke to the left, and danced to the right, the neck to the right In the same way that the female staff told the Maria, but what was different from the narrator was the dancing lady dancing. The neck was torn and fell to the ground, and the face was reserved. Looking at Maria and Alice with stress.

Maria / Alice : *SCREAM*

Maria and Alice’s scream awaken Patty and Aria.

Patty: What happened, Maria,Alice?

Aria: Don't panic, Maria,Alice.

Maria: There is a female dancer on the balcony.

Patty: D….Dancer?

Both Aria and Patty looked at the balcony but nothing.

Aria: I didn't see anything.

Maria: I speak the truth. I really see the lady.

After Maria finished speaking, the room lights went out.

Aria: Is the power down?

After the room lights went out, the dancer appeared with her back turned, and she slowly turned her neck against her body to look at the Maria.

Everyone now couldn't move because of fear and the dancer moved to Maria's group.

*SCERAM*

In the morning

Female staff: hahahaha So you all fainted in front of the room? And all of you also piss yourself. hahahaha

Maria: Hey, it's not a matter to laugh.( After the Dancer came in from us We fell unconscious and awake again. The staff who told the ghost story came to see.

She laughed that we were afraid of the dancer, so did not dare to go to the bathroom. )

Hotal Staff: Thank you for using the service.

Alice: Okay

Maria signed out of the hotel and boarded their plane back to their home country with a new experience.

I believe that this experience is an experience that the Maria will never forget.

