The Saturday Club - Part Three

Author: Roger Ireland

*000*2020-05-12 14:02

Hi all,

Part Three as promised, enjoy ; -

The Saturday that they all ‘introduced’ themselves to Don was the most exciting day they had had so far. Don was almost overwhelmed with the realisation that so much had been happening on Saturday’s almost under his nose. They told him about the Saturday when he had turned up unexpectedly and how they had all three wet themselves only moments before. He was amazed that Heather had stood in his office that morning in soaking wet knickers and skirt and even more amazed that he hadn’t noticed. It was partly that and the ‘rescue’ that Peter had performed that answered Don’s questions about how they could keep it secret from the rest of the staff and persuaded him that there was no reason why that should not continue. He was a little embarrassed at first about opening up about the spanking that he gave Heather and how it had excited him but realising he was in the company of others who accepted him as he was and who had all gone through similar apprehensions, he began to relax.

After they had all had a second cup of coffee, Sian said, ‘when we joined, the newcomer had to indulge in each of our preferences once to become a fully fledged member of the club. I suggest that as an easy way for Don to start he should spank me because I’m naked already and it seems a shame to waste an opportunity. What do you say?’ Peter and Heather were quick to agree, after all they weren’t the ones up for a smack! Don said, ‘If you’re sure Sian, I think it would be fun. Would it be your first time?’

‘Well’, said Sian, ‘my boyfriend Harvey has done it a couple of times but only when he was drunk and both times it hurt quite a lot. I almost had the feeling that he was hurting me for pleasure which he couldn’t do when sober. He has a definite mean streak that surfaces occasionally.’ She stopped, realising she had been perhaps a trifle more open than she intended. ‘C’mon, smack my bottom Don’, she said, grinning. Sian and Don went into his office with Peter and Heather watching from the doorway then Don, after positioning Sian over his desk, began tentatively with a few light smacks on her bare bum. Her cheeks quivered sexily with each smack and then reddened as the smacks got a bit harder.

Peter, although he had never been onto corporal punishment, could feel an erection building as he watched Sian’s reddened bottom jiggling. Heather, beside him, was becoming slightly flushed as she watched Sian get what she had already experienced a couple of weeks before. Peter noticed her excitement and reached down to give her a playful tap on the bottom saying, ‘don’t get too excited it’s not your turn this time.’

‘It could be’, said Heather looking at him with a cheeky grin, ‘let’s go to your office.’ Peter turned hesitantly and as he did so Heather looked down at his bulging trouser front and said, ‘look like I’m not the only one who is excited.’ Peter smiled and allowed himself to be led down the corridor to his office. Heather lay herself across his desk and Peter pulled her short skirt up to find a pair of nappy pull-ups. Heather said, ‘pull them down for me I want it on my bare bum.’ He pulled down a rather heavy pair of pull-ups and at the same time detected a smell of warm pee.

‘You’ve wet yourself’, Peter said. ‘Yes,’ said Heather, ‘I dribbled in the kitchen but just wet some more when Don started smacking Sian.’ Peter fondled her wet bottom to enjoy the wetness then landed a smack on her bum which made a satisfying sound on her pee-wet skin. Several smacks later and as Peter was perfecting the technique, a few trickles of pee made their way down the inside of Heather’s legs and dripped off her knees onto the floor. As Peter finished the smacking Don and Sian walked in, and in a very good imitation of Peter’s voice Don said, ‘welcome to the Spanking Club Peter.’ They all laughed at that and the atmosphere was completely comfortable from then on.

The next Saturday all four of the Saturday Club were in the office by 9.30. Don had said that he would surprise them with what he was going to do to continue his ‘initiation’ and so Peter, Sian and Heather were anticipating a little fun. Over a cup of coffee Don explained that he also liked a little light bondage as it kind of went with the corporal punishment feelings. They discussed the whole bondage, domination, punishment scene and the consensus was that they were all happy to bring mild parts of it into their fun Saturdays, as long as no one got hurt and that the participants could stop at anytime.

In other words S & M was a bit too far but a little tying up, teasing or spanking was fine by all. Don said that he had never wet himself either by accident or design but that on occasions on a long drive in traffic he had come close to peeing in his pants in the car. He asked if they would tie him to one of the kitchen chairs later and not release hm until he had peed himself. Peter and Sian were keen although Heather was a little hesitant but agreed readily enough. They went back to their desks with a coffee each to get some work done and agreed to meet later in about an hour.

At about a quarter past 11 they all met in the kitchen where Don told them that he had not peed since getting up that morning so was already quite uncomfortable. The kitchen chairs were metal tube framing with moulded plastic seats and backs and they tied Don into one of them and left him facing the door with a bemused look on his face. Sian went into Peter’s office with him and said, ‘seeing Don tied up like that makes me more excited than I though it would.’ Peter smiled and said, ‘yes I think I should like that one day, to be tied up like that and unable to go to the loo, a forced accident I suppose.’

‘Shall we tease him?’ Said Sian with a grin. ‘How’, said Peter. ‘I’ll show you said Sian’. She fetched a spare chair from her office and put it in the corridor just outside the kitchen door in full view of Don, called Peter and lay across the chair face down. ‘OK Peter’ she said, ‘make my bum red!’ Peter pulled her long skirt up and started to spank her over her knickers then, after a few moments, pulled them down to her knees and carried on smacking her. Don meanwhile was moaning that it was unfair, didn’t they know it was next to impossible to pee with an erection.

‘Don’t worry’, said Sian, ‘it will go down in time’. When peter stopped she stood up and undid her skirt so that it slipped down onto the floor, stepped out of her knickers and turned her back to Don so that he could see up close the red marks on her buttocks, picked up her clothes and walked away towards her office naked from the waist down. A few minutes later Heather, who had been watching from down the corridor went into the kitchen and asked Don if he was alright.

She caught him just as his erection had relaxed enough to allow him to pee and the relaxing had prompted his pee to release. Heather gave him a hug and said, ‘That looks like a nice relaxing wet’, and called the others to come and see. By the time Peter and Sian arrived a moment later the pee was already flooding off the chair and splashing onto the floor, The front of Don’s trousers were soaked from the waistband to the crotch and the lower half of his thighs were wet where the pee couldn’t escape.

The rest of the morning went quite quickly with Don staying in his wet pants until it was time to go. Heather spent the time in her soft cotton one-piece baby suit and Don changed her at home time. Heather noticed that his earlier erection repeated itself as he dried her bottom and pulled on her normal knickers. Sian stayed as she was until just before time to go and then went into Peter’s office and asked him for a little smack to make her bottom warm to go home with. Peter of course obliged happily and Sian hugged him tight before they all left the office.

The following Saturday Don turned up with a shopping bag and asked Heather to help him get his baby things on. Naturally Heather was willing and made sure that his adult disposable nappy was comfortable before pulling on his plastic pants and finally a one-piece baby suit. Don found the dummy a bit too much and gave it up, he said it stopped him talking. He did admit to all of them at coffee time that he quite liked the comforting, wrapped feeling of the nappy and that he had wet it twice already. Sian and Peter were going completely naked that Saturday and Heather had decided to wear a calf length denim skirt.

By the time they had coffee Heather’s skirt had a large dark patch at the back and she grabbed Don’s hand and pushed it between her legs so that he could feel her soaking wet knickers. While his hand was between her legs he suddenly smiled and said, ‘that’s a great feeling, I can feel you peeing down your legs all hot and wet.’ Heather hugged him and Sian gave Peter a knowing look with a wink. Just before they left for the day Sian gave Peter a long tight hug while they were still naked and, as she felt his inevitable rising, kissed him on the neck and whispered, ‘be patient’. She would be drawn no more at all and Peter went home to his ever-deteriorating married home life wondering what Sian had in mind, after all Harvey was still on the scene and he himself was still married.

A couple of weeks later Don walked into Peter’s office during a normal weekday and closed the door. Peter looked up slightly apprehensively and said, ‘Hi Don, everything ok?’ The company was a fairly open book and closed-door discussions were unusual. Don said, ‘Peter, you know you arranged a stand at the trade fair in Berlin in October? Peter said, ‘yes we do it every year, what’s up?’

‘Did you know’, Don continued, ‘that a few days before that the Venus Erotica show is at the same venue, The Messe Centrum?’ Peter said, ‘No, I had no idea but when I went there a couple of years ago I was too busy with our business to look about.’ Don said, ‘It would have finished a day or so before you arrived but if we were to go a couple of days earlier this year.…..?’ Peter was thinking fast about the possibilities it could open up for the Saturday Club ‘members’ and what a fantastic time they could have. He thought of Sian and her vague promise, ‘be patient’. ‘Could we get away with taking Heather and Sian?’ He asked Don. ‘I don’t see why not’, said Don, ‘I sign off the expense as finance director and you are sales director so you are organising it. I think if we were very circumspect we could pull it off.’

‘Let’s get the plans made and see if it’s possible then we’ll tell Sian and Heather on Saturday, what do you think’, said Peter. Don agreed and they spent a fair amount of time over the next few days making the arrangements as far as they could.

When Saturday came around Don and Peter waited until they were all in the kitchen having a first coffee together and then Don said, ‘Peter and I have been looking at an idea which would involve both of you spending a couple of days helping out in a sales role. Have you both got passports?’

‘Passports’, Said Sian, ‘Sounds exciting, where are we going?’

‘Berlin’, said Peter. Sian immediately realised that the company exhibited there every year and said, ‘but don’t we usually get agency staff in for the Peter?’

‘We do’, said Peter, ‘and we have booked them again this year, we thought we would all go over about three days earlier in time for the Venus Erotica Show at the same venue. Would you fancy a trip to Berlin?’ They both said, ‘Yes!’ together and then, ‘Wow’, from both of them as they began to realise the prospects and what fun could be had. Heather had never heard of the Venus exhibition but loved what she heard from the others. The discussion went on for some time, so long in fact that the ‘usual’ Saturday ‘indulgences took a back seat as they all chatted excitedly about what opportunities for ‘naughty’ fun it gave them.

Heather and Sian had a whispered conversation in the kitchen while making coffee for them all and announced to Peter and Don that they had been quite naughty to keep such an exciting secret to themselves for the best part of the week and so Sian went up to Peter, undid his belt and pulled his trousers to his ankles, bent him over his own desk and spanked him fairly hard while Heather was giving out the same punishment in Don’s office. By the time Sian had finished Peter had peed himself all down his legs and over the floor and she gave him one more slap for good measure and told him to clean up. Don, on the other hand, was trying, half-heartedly, to prevent Heather from stripping him totally naked.

One of the days in the week that followed Heather talked to Sian about her slight hesitation the day that Don had introduced the idea of mild bondage. She told Sian that her grandmother had on occasion tied her up as a little girl and treated her very badly, not quite cruelly but close. As a result, while she understood what it meant to Don and she even enjoyed it at times, it was always spoilt for her by those memories and that saddened her because she wanted to get closer to Don although he was quite a bit older than she was.

‘After all’, she said to Sian, ‘it wouldn’t be the first relationship between people of different ages.’ Sian asked if she had told Don of her fears and Heather said that she had and that he couldn’t have been kinder and more understanding and had held her so close it made her cry. She said to Sian, ‘I want to make him happy when we go to Berlin, I don’t want to make him feel he has to hold back on my account. I so want him to make love to me it hurts.’ She was almost in tears at this point and Sian comforted her and said, ‘Don is a great guy and I don’t think he would ever expect more from you than you wanted to give and that’s what a good relationship is, both people giving and accepting what they are comfortable with and having no regrets.’ Heather seemed a little happier for talking to someone about her fears and Sian watched her go hoping that Don would make it right for her and realised how much Heather had come to love him.

The day in October came closer and the four of them had to remind themselves and each other not to show any excitement to the rest of the staff. There was always a little ‘buzz’ before a big exhibition and this probably disguised any high feelings. Peter had asked Sian a few times if she was happy to go to Berlin and tried to get her to expand on her whispered message to ‘be patient’. She always very gently headed him off in a different direction but at the same time made him feel very special, a little look here, a wink there, a surreptitious squeeze of his bum or a secret kiss before home time.

Then one Monday morning about two weeks before they were to fly out to Berlin Sian came in to work with a heavy welt showing on the side of her neck like the mark of a riding crop or even a stick. Everyone in the office was sympathetic and asked what had happened, she told everyone that she had overloaded the washing line and that it had snapped and whipped back catching her neck. Everyone commiserated and expressed gratitude that, mercifully, it had missed her face. Peter was particularly comforting and gave her his sympathy too, then she closed his office door and told him what had really happened.

‘Saturday night it was, the bastard came home drunk and wanted to, ‘give me a strapping’ he said. I was wary because of what has happened before but I didn’t want to make the situation worse and get him into a complete rage and I thought that if he got a good shagging he would sleep it off. So I let him undress me and he started gently enough smacking my bottom but then, all of a sudden, he took off his belt and started with that. It stung like hell and I shouted at him to stop but he wouldn’t and the strappings got harder and harder.

Then he missed my bottom and back and caught my neck here,’ she touched the welt. ‘I screamed at him then and I think he got frightened in case someone called the police and he stopped and put the belt down.’ Peter was looking at her horrified and said, ‘what did you do then?’

‘I got dressed and took a few things, he was out cold by now on the bed, and I went to my mum’s.’

‘I’ll kill him’, said Peter. ‘He’s not worth getting uptight over, I’ve left him and I’m not going back. Just hold me.’ Peter took her in his arms and as he did so she flinched and said, ‘careful of my back’. She quietly slipped her dress down and showed him her back which was covered in similar welts. There were at least a dozen of them, running diagonally from her shoulders to the top of her buttocks. He pulled her dress back up gently and then she bent over slightly, lifted her dress and pulled her knickers down to show him more welts on the cheeks of her bottom. Peter was visibly shocked at what he had seen and could only look at her and say, ‘No one is ever going to do that to you again! Where are you staying tonight, at your mum’s still?’

‘Yes’, Sian said, ‘I can stay there as long as I need, it’s a bit restrictive but I don’t care right now, when we get back from Berlin I will look for somewhere else but right now it’s a haven.’ Peter hugged her again very gently and kissed her head. Sian chuckled slightly and said, ‘at least I keyed his car and let all the tyres down as I left.’

As their plane took off from Heathrow for Berlin, Peter, Don, Sian and Heather all smiled at each other in anticipation of spending a few days together and enjoying the Venus Erotica Exhibition. Peter told them Sally had objected just as he was leaving the house shouting, ‘This is the last time you’ll put your work before our marriage!’

‘What did you say’, asked Don. ‘Auf Wiedersehen’, said Peter and they all laughed. Heather reached into her pocket and, cupping her hand, surreptitiously showed the others a new dummy. Sian opened a few buttons of her full length dress and showed them all that she had no bra on then silently mouthed, ‘I’ve no knickers on either.’ A few minutes later the seat belt sign flashed off and Don stood up to get something from his cabin bag, as he did so Heather smacked his bum quite hard, hard enough in fact to draw the attention of a couple in the next row. Peter also stood to reach his bag and as he turned a small wet patch about the size of a grapefruit showed on the seat of his pants.

© Roger Ireland 2020

