Glitch’s stuff?

Author: radicalomo

*000*2025-08-12 15:33

I’m gonna be honest. Maybe letting Glitch write was a mistake. I don’t know what this is, but I love it?

The human brain is really tenacious. It likes order. It likes pattern.

And yet, some of the stuff it comes up with is just stupid. How can a conscious being as constantly aware as a human be expected to make heads or fails of the world around it?

It’s still hilarious to me some of the things you come up with. Now, some of them are dangerous. But some of them are just funny. How aware are you of the intricacies of your inner workings? If I were to suggest smothering to you, how would you respond?

I know a trick. Listen to me now. Let’s play a game.

Squirming. Building pressure. A prickling feeling at the out of your stomach. Can you feel it?

Someone needs to go potty~

Take a deep breath with me. We’ll explore this together. How badly do you need to pee? How long have you been like this? Can you even remember?

Let yourself melt ways for a moment. Forget I’m even here. One little push on the side of your bladder and everything gets just a little bit worse.

But I know that look in your eyes. It’s hilarious how horny you get with the smallest amount of pressure. And with every growing moment, I will find a way to make it worse.

How much water have you drank? How much liquid? Do you know?

Maybe you just simply woke up like this, already craving the release of the bathroom, already desperate. Maybe this is the way it’s always been. I wouldn’t know. I wouldn’t care.

Squirming. Building pressure. Once again, just for a moment, you are powerless, you are at my mercy.

So now I’ll take you by surprise. One big push, one good thump, straight into your bladder, and you cringe and cry out and moan in pleasure. I have to admit I’m too distracted to really understand the complete train of thought in your head- what’s so special about this? What makes it feel so good? Or maybe there’s no train of thought at all, just emotion, just pleasure. Just chemicals sending chain reactions up your spine into your mind. Just raw, innate reaction.

It’s been a while now. I know how desperate you are to pee. I can feel the throbbing pressure in your bladder as much as you can. I know how much you love it.

But I’m getting bored.

With a sleight of my hand, with a snap of my fingers, with a little showmanship, I can make this all end. Melt into a puddle of your own desire. Melt away into a steaming puddle of piss. It’s too easy, but exactly what you need, and so I will do my part, play my role. I’ll be your bad guy. I’ll take whatever form you best need.

Are you ready?

Are you sure?

How badly do you want it?

How badly do you need to go?

Maybe not. Maybe I won’t. Maybe you don’t deserve it. Maybe it’s not enough.

What would give for this happy ending?

Cry for me, bitch. Show me how badly you need this.

Maybe I’m too easily swayed. I just love seeing someone cry for me.

And with a smile, with a waver of my hand, with a snap of my finger, one and two. And it is done. And it is over. And your poor tired bladder gives out, and you wet well. How predictable that this is how it might end. How boring. How exhilarating. How perfectly naive.

You humans are all the same, different ideals sure, but all rooted in the same core traits.

