[Old Stories from My Blog]: Origins - Nicolette

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2026-01-03 11:18

This origin story is a part of another big arc that I previously posted on my blog. I modified the beginning slightly to make it more appropriate as a standalone story. Cheers!

###

You open your social media and immediately see your favourite babe is live! You join her stream.

"Hey girlssss! " Nicolette began, trying to sound energetic and carefree. However her over-worked bladder hindered her show.

"You all must know me as the Bitch of BladdeRox. I am the reason why many of you, your friends or girlfriends return home with wet undies or a near to explode bladder. For years together we have served with you all with the best and strongest diuretics, sexual enhancers and muscle stimulants. Today I am here to show the world that even without these aids, anyone from BladdeRox could keep herself corked up.

But I want you guys to know where I come from. I had a small humble beginning. It all started when the city corporation suddenly stopped the water supply to our girls-only neighborhood. The nearby residents from the posh localities complained that we consumed too much water and did not pay an equivalent water tax for it. A lawyer arrived in the morning and read to us a notice that unless we clear our bills or demonstrate judicious use of water our water supplies will not be reinstated.

It was a cold morning and hundreds of girls were in the corridor pacing here and there to relieve themselves. My early morning pee was pushing to be released .It was not an emergency but I knew it would soon be, knowing the copious amounts of water I had consumed the night before. But more than that, there were many of my sisters and friends who were in dire need to go to the toilet"

I walked up to the lawyer and and asked her what are the means to demonstrate that we would water judiciously. She laughed at me and sarcastically said

"If any of your little ass bitches could hold her pee for a day, we would consider your case."

I rushed inside to meet all the girls who always seemed to be able to hold their waters and boast of it. But they all chickened out. A few hours passed like that and then things started to get difficult. It started raining slowly and the temperature further dropped. Our desperation rose to new levels and patience dropped lower.

Its always been the thing for me - whenever my bladder gets full I become very impulsive. I went to the lawyer to give her official response and signed up a contract stating that if I would hold my pee fro the next 24 hours, the city council would consider reinstating our water supplies. Till that time only half of the water supply would be provided to us.

Minutes turned into hours as about 500 girls went and relieved themselves and again went and again. But I sat in the common room, clenching my lady muscles to prevent the boiling pee from escape. I cursed myself for not peeing before bed thinking I could go in the morning. I cursed myself for rushing to the toilet upon waking up. I cursed myself for my choice of such terribly tight clothes.

One of my friends noticed how tightly my shorts were cutting over my bladder. That foolish girl asked me if I was sure I could handle the pressure.

"Do you think I am enjoying this..I AM ABSOLUTELY BURSTING HERE!"

Truth be told I wanted to rush to the toilets. I could see the girls entering and leaving from there. It was so tempting. But I could not leave the room or else the guard would report that I cheated. Time was passing excruciatingly slow. I could feel the liquids during breakfast was being pumped into my bladder. I wanted to unbutton my shorts but the thong inside barely covered anything. I thought of cutting my water intake. But it proved to be my undoing as I ended up consuming more water at lunch than my bladder would have liked. On top of all the rain outside got heavier.

By evening I was a desperate mess. My friends wisely brought me a blanket to cosy in. They helped me to wrap it around me but the bitchy guard would not have it. She snatched it from me on the pretext that I would secretly leak underneath and gain an advantage. I could not risk leaking for my shorts were so tiny that the slightest leak could be seen - only if she understood it.

My bladder would not let me sit calmly. Whose bladder would let them sit calmly if it is not relieved for 18 hours. And with so much rain around, with so much to drink and such tiny outfits that cuts right over the bladder. I couldn't bear the ever growing ache. Was not used to such pressures. The longest I had held before that day was just for 7-8 hours. This was pure torture for my unprepared bladder.

I was at 21st hour of my hold considering my last pee was the previous night. But according to the contract, which started the next morning I was merely at 12 hours. That little thought made my mind numb and all my will power dwindled within a blink of an eye. My hands shot to my pussy and my pussy screamed - RUN! YOU CANNOT HOLD FOR ANOTHER 12 HOURS! I gave up.

I got up from the couch and hobbled towards the toilet. At first everyone thought I just needed to pace around and ignored it. But when I reached the door of the toilet and turned the knob another friend of my grabbed my hand. I had little time left and my boiling pee was inching close towards the exit. She looked at me with pleading eyes as if to say "Don't pee you're our only hope". Imagine my astonishment when I looked down and found her hand tightly gripping her crotch over a growing wet patch.

It took me a second to catch my breath as I let her go and collapsed on the floor. The muscle spasms were getting harder by the minute. So much that I curled up on the floor with my hands shoved in my crotch. Many of the girls rushed to help me and took me back into the room. I had tears in my eyes. I just wanted to sit on the white bowl and let it all go.

They all pulled my hands away from my crotch and buttoned my shorts back up. I shrieked in pain. It was not just tight, it hurt beyond belief. Nobody knew or believed that I bought clothes a few sizes too small or in some cases the smallest one. This particular short was bought a few years back before I had grown up. My bladder had to fight all this plus the constant numbing tightness. The girls tried to pacify me by foot massages, or food or making me watch movies but my mind knew only one thing that I HAD TO PEE.

The guard quietly observed all this and reported to the lawyer. And when I had actually hit the 24 hour mark she arrived at our place. I pleaded to her to allow me to go and explained how I had been holding for an extra 12 hours since the night before. She merely shrugged it off as a lie and started to examine me. She grabbed me and made me sit with my legs spread apart just to see if I had leaked. I was asked to strip down and that's when the girls in the room realize why I was in so much pain.

My belly had distended and grown big by around 2". All that mass of pee was tightly squeezed under my freaking shorts. After she had examined me thoroughly she put me back in my short and tied a belt to it.

"You make another ruckus and I will make you wait for another day before you can appeal to the mayor. And let me tell you, If you want the rest of your girls to enjoy their stay here and not go out in the dangerous world outside just for a pee, you better want to keep your pathetic tiny bladder shut. Consider this my final warning - If you pee tonight we will cut off your water supply and force you to evacuate this shelter home "

There was absolute silence in the room except the unwilling groans that escaped my mouth. After the lawyer left my friends surrounded me and pleaded me not to pee and somehow hang on. They had no idea what I was going through. Some of the bitches nagged that I took up the wrong challenge and that my bladder was too small for such tasks. Some labelled me as a coward. I had enough of the clamour and decided to try to sleep. The guard locked me into the room. I was all alone with my bladder to accompany me. I could feel it swell. I still can't fathom how every drop of water that hit my bladder increased the pressure at my pee hole.

The sound of the clock and the incessant rains were distracting me. I curled my toes tight, shoved my head under the pillow and crossed my legs like a preztel. I could not find a comfortable position to sleep in. And to worsen the matter I was getting thirsty ever so often. I ended up drinking around two bottles of water over night. Hours after hours passed, I wept quietly. There was no one to help me. The rest of the girls slept peacefully while my bladder was tearing itself apart.

By morning , the seams of my shorts had started to come apart. The belt clinched the apex of my bladder. When the guard opened the door from outside I jolted up. I had no clue how I had fallen asleep. My happiness knew no bounds when I saw that the official 24 hours were complete. The lawyer arrived right on time to my surprise.

"Can I please go now Ma'am? Its coming out. . ." I squeaked. As if my bladder was telling me PEE NOW! RIGHT HERE!

The lawyer smirked at me and said "No you are going to wait till we go to the city council, present your case and get the necessary approvals." A chill went down my spine. The door of the toilet was just a few metres away. All I had to do was ask the lawyer to untie the belt and I would be free to pee. 36 hours of pee was trapped inside me and little did I know how much longer would I be needed to wait.

Once at the council office, our case was presented to the mayor. After going through all the details of the hold and the circumstances I was put through, she granted the permission to start the normal water supply back on one condition. The condition was that I would have to stick to one pee a day schedule thereafter and only use the toilet at the council office everyday. My jaws dropped to the ground. It was insulting and humiliating. I rejected the offer.

The council lady was kind enough to grant me a day to think before shutting the case but asked the lawyer to keep my belt tied. They left me at the community gate. All the girls came rushing to me. My bladder bulge had grown and it didn't take them long enough to realize the efforts I was putting to save our community. I explained them about the entire situation and to my surprise they all took up the challenge of sticking to one pee a day schedule.

The next day when the lawyer arrived I could no longer walk properly or even talk properly. 60 hours of pee was begging to be released. All the girls signed up a petition and agreed to reduce their pee breaks to once a day and presented it to her. She promptly informed the city council office and in no time our normal water supplies were reinstated.

The lawyer came to me to untie the belt but stayed silent for a moment.

"You are really good at holding it Nicolette. I may have an interesting offer for you!" I was shuddering but there was something in her eyes which told me that my bladder could take me to great heights. I nodded to her and within a flash of a second she untied the belt and whispered in my ears.

"Don't tell anybody! I will be back for you. Just keep holding.."

That was the turning point of my life and till this day I swear by holding it and keep pushing myself to hold more and more. You see, holding it can transform lives like nothing else. So keep holding with me girls! "

- - - The End - - -

