The Bad Road Trip

Author: Redboi

*000*2021-09-17 17:57

So when I think about my favorite types of wettings to read about, I usually love reading about one central theme: car/bus rides. Today I’ll be trying my hand out at it.

Also I want to note that my drawn inspiration comes from previous writings and that most to all credit goes to them.

The Bad Road Trip:

Tori looked down from her phone and impatiently tapped her foot on the ground. It had been just a few minutes since they just passed the border to Colorado. They just entered hour 5 of their drive to Denver and the mountain range where they would be staying.

Tori looked out the window and examined the mountains in the far distance. They were beautiful, there was no doubt about it, but they still couldn’t distract her from the more pressing issue.

Tori had always loved road trips to the mountains, they enabled her to bring out her passionate side in snowboarding which she couldn’t exercise in her home state of Minnesota. It was cold there during the winters but she lived in the city and there weren’t many mountain ranges to train on. Getting to head to Colorado every year was her only real chance of practicing her snowboarding.

The issue was in the road trip itself. Tori herself had a great bladder in all, but the number of rest stops along the way was just horrendous. Even at 17, it was always hard as well for Tori to speak out, since the last thing she liked doing was peeing in public or outside. There had been one time where Tori refused to pee while hiking and ended up wetting herself on the trail. That was never going to happen again, she told herself that day.

Tori bobbed her legs up and down as she scrolled through her dms and deleted numerous boy contacts from the list. Tori always felt more like a tool at her high school, since no one really tried to approach her personally. Guys would just let her body do the talking. As a result she noticed boys trailing her in the hallways staring at her butt or guys sneaking in pictures of her cleavage when she would walk to the bus. She only found enjoyment when she was with her friends.

She opened up her map on her phone. They were still an hour out from the cabin and Tori was pretty sure they weren’t going to stop even if they saw a gas station. She just needed to relax. Tori stroked back her long brunette hair and sat back in her seat. She wanted to relax, but her bladder was keeping her from doing any such thing. She knew it was going to be close whether or not she could hold it until the cabin, but knew she’d rather take the chance then go into a public bathroom.

Tori looked over at her other sisters Brooklyn and Maddie. They both were jamming to their music, but Maddie seemed to be visibly shaking a bit. It seemed as if her sister might be struggling like her as well.

Maddie took her earbuds out. “Hey dad, when’s the next rest stop?”

Their dad frowned at her through the mirror, “oh, sorry honey. We just passed the last one. It’ll be about an hour before we get to the cabin. Do you need to pee?”

Maddie’s expression turned into one of concern, “yes, I really do.”

Her dad’s tone turned a bit serious, “do you think you can make it there?”

“I’m not sure,” Maddie replied back.

Her dad stopped looking through the mirror, “just try your best.”

Maddie glanced over at Tori. It didn’t seem like Maddie had to go as bad as Tori, but it seemed as if she was uncomfortable. They would both just have to wait.

.

They were approaching the cabin. Tori could see it in the distance. At this point her bladder was screaming out in pain to her. It had been 6 hours since she last emptied it and it had pent up more pee than what felt like Lake Michigan.

She could see the exit to the highway and all they had to do was turn the corner. All of a sudden the car came to a sudden halt. Tori looked in front. A giant line of cars stood between them and what looked like a wreck on the exit about a mile away. Tori sat back in agony. They were right there, and now they might not make it there for another hour.

Maddie was the first to speak, “how long will this take?”

“I’m not sure Maddie, but we just have to wai-“

Maddie cut her dad off, “I can’t wait dad, I’m about to pee my pants! Just let me out of the car and I can go.”

Her dad shook his head, “No, you aren’t doing that in front of hundreds of people. Get back in your seat.”

Tori pondered her situation. She pondered the possibility of just letting go and relaxing in her seat, but thought better of it. This thought led to a spurt escaping into her underwear and leggings. She knew she wouldn’t last any longer than 10 minutes, so this traffic needed to move faster.

…

Tori was getting to the point of no return. Her bladder now was the shape of a balloon, and her legs were quivering. The traffic had started to move but they were still a good half mile away. She checked on her sister Maddie in the middle seat. She was tearing up and had her whole face scrunched up. After what looked like a leak escaped from under her seat she spoke, “I can’t hold it anymore. I’m going to pee myself!”

With one slick move Maddie threw herself towards the door while landing on top of her sister Tori. When opening the door she set her butt off of Tori’s seat and unleashed a waterfall of pee through her leggings and onto the road below. This pressure from her sister’s leg proved too much for Tori’s bladder to handle as well, as a puddle started to appear beneath her crotch. A continuous gushing sound filled the air as Tori’s seat and leggings soaked up with what felt like gallons of pee. Her puddle turned into a lake and then a river for the next two minutes.

Once her sister was done and climbed off of her Tori was able to gain control and stemmed her flow. It was just in time to not have the seat overflow as well. Her sister plopped back down in her seat and sighed. She then noticed the darkness of Tori’s leggings in the seat. “What happened to you?”

Tori was still in shock and in deep embarrassment. She couldn’t muster any words.

Brooklyn looked at both of them. “Guess you guys should’ve worn protection like me.”

Thanks for reading! Once again credit goes out to the new stories I read every day for inspiring me to write out my own versions of these stories.

