Yamaguchi's Challenge [Haikyuu Fanfic] [TsukkiYama]

Author: randomperson3

*000*2017-03-26 22:11

"C'mon, Tsukki! I'll even pay you if you agreed!" Yamaguchi tugged at Tsukishima's Karasuno jacket.

Tsukishima grumbled, "I don't know what you've been watching, Yamaguchi, but it's disgusting. We're not five." Tsukki was disgusted, had his friend really asked him to have a holding contest? Apparently. Yamaguchi groaned and tugged on the blonde's jacket once again, "It's not that bad I swear! We can do it at my place, I'll let you take a shower if you lose!"

"No, Yamaguchi. Holding your piss in has side affects. It's also gross."

"But Tsukki! Suga did it with Daichi {might make another story for that}!"

"We're not them, Yamaguchi. Nothing will get me to do it."

"Strawberry shortcake?" Yamaguchi, being Tsukishima's best friend, knew his favourite food. {I googled it, hehe}

Tsukishima fell silent, "Fine, we're telling no one though. Especially not Tanaka, Nishinoya or Hinata.

Yamaguchi's face was painted with an excited grin, "Okay!" The two were silent as they walked to Yamaguchi's home. Tsukishima was processing what it would be like, it isn't a normal everyday competition. Tsukishima was knocked from thought by Yamaguchi, "Oh, my parents aren't home for a while, that's good."

Tsukki blinked, "So how does this work?"

Yamaguchi smiled, "First, we both go to the toilet. Then we drink let's say... Three glasses of water at our own pace. And then whoeverhas an accident first loses. We'll both stand in the bathroom so it's easier to clean up."

Tsukishima grumbled, "Let's get this over with then..."

After going to the toilet and drinking all their water, both boys were stood in the bathroom, door locked for safety. Tsukishima looked over to Yamaguchi, "I'm bored already."

Yamaguchi reflected the blonde's look, "Let's talk about stuff then."

"Like...?"

"Relationships?"

Tsukki clucked his tongue and rolled his eyes, "I don't think relationships are a point in high school, we can't marry or have children."

"How about protected sex?"

"Yamaguchi what are you getting at?" Tsukki shot a cold glare at the smaller boy.

"Nothing! It's just the first topic that came to mind."

Tsukishima nodded slowly, sitting on the side of the bathtub and crossing his legs, 'Ugh... I need to go already...?'

Yamaguchi was considering teasing him, but he couldn't stop himself from fidgeting, so what would be the point?

A good uneventful twenty minutes went by before Yamaguchi grabbed his crotch tightly, and started stepping on the spot, occasionally bending over. Tsukishima was still on the side of the bathtub with his legs crossed, yet tapping his toes now. Tsukishima felt a small leak and gasped, beginning to rock back and forth. Yamaguchi's problem was worse though, he kept doing half a second spurts into his underwear, both hands tightly in his crotch and tears forming in his eyes. Tsukishima has managed to regain his control and posture, watching Yamaguchi.

The brown haired boy was dancing and jumping on the spot now, the edges of a wet patch beginning to sneak by the cover of his hands. This was bad. He was losing a challenge he suggested, and wetting himself infront of the person he trusts most. Piss was beginning to crawl down his legs, leaving trails in his tracksuit pants, the wet patch was spreading too as he peed forcefully into his pants, his hands were soaked, and his boxers were probably gonna need to be washed quite a few times. When the stream finally trickled to a halt, Yamaguchi slumped onto the toilet lid. Tsukishima tried to push him off, "I win, now let me pee."

Yamaguchi grinned, "You can in your pants."

Tsukishima stepped out of Yamaguchi's puddle when he realised he was standing in it. He put both hands in his crotch and clenched his dick tightly though his pants, "Yamaguchi seriously! I'm leaking!"

Yamaguchi was feeling cruel, he took his soaked pants off, boxers too, and began rubbing his own piss over his throbbing erection.

Tsukki groaned, "Wh-What the hell!?"

Yamaguchi watched Tsukishima's pants grow a darker shade of grey, jerking himself off to the amazing sight.

It wasn't long before Tsukki was fully wetting himself, the growing puddle he was creating connecting to Yamaguchi's. He eventually gave up on trying to hold it and let it happen.

Yamaguchi eventually came from watching Tsukki, panting, "Ts-Tsukki..."

Tsukishima watched Yamaguchi's cum covered cock return to its normal size. He smirked and bent down, kissing Yamaguchi gently on the cheek, "Forget strawberry shortcake, you owe me something else..."

Part 2? Perhaps. We shall see. And maybe a SugaDaichi story. Post Haikyuu requests in the comments!

