How the Scholarship Works

Author: Riverstone76

*009*2021-07-06 22:38

Chapter 6:

It was sort of weird to come out into the main room with her pajama top on, but her butt naked from the waist down, through this wasn’t the first time this had happened to her. Breanna kept her head down as she walked over to her bed, and she laid on the top, waiting for Ralph to come back wherever he had taken her clothes to wash them.

The girl turned on the television to watch it some while she waited, and eventually, Ralph came in, saw her, and walked right over to the bag to get a diaper and a bigger broader pad along with the shorter nice floral smelling one.

He squatted down and showed her the diapers.

“I’m going to put these on you, okay, sweetie?”

She nodded knowing that it was coming.

He rolled her over to one side and slipped the diaper on under her, the larger pad already inside the diaper, and then he rolled her back and fixed the diaper so it pulled up between her legs, then he showed her the smaller one that he stuffed between her legs and got it just over her front pee crack area.

“You comfortable?” he asked her.

She nodded.

Then he pulled the sides over and taped each side, almost expertly. Sure, he had practiced with her, once or twice, but he was too well practiced, even for just that. It was like he knew exactly what he was doing, and was used to doing this. Maybe he diapered girls all the time.

Before she could really dwell on it, though, he had given her some hot chocolate, and before she was completely done drinking it, she felt her eyes drooping to a close.

“Finish your juice,” her amber eyed gold-caramel haired cousin told her as she sat at the table, her homework having just been completed. Her apple juice still had maybe a quarter of the way to go before she was done.

While Breanna drank her juice, her cousin looked over her math to make sure she had done it right. Adrianna was much better at math than Breanna was, but then, as she and her aunt had tried to explain to Mr. Oswald before, everyone was better than her at both math and writing.

“You got these six wrong,” Adrianna told Breanna when she had finally finished her juice. “I want you to fix them.”

Breanna nodded and looked over the problems again, but as she started to rework the first of the seven she got wrong, Adrianna, who was staring over her shoulder, shook her head and took Breanna’s pencil out of her hand.

She erased what Breanna had started to write, and she sighed.

“Breanna, wait a minute,” she said.

Breanna got tears in her eyes. She never did this stuff right. She was lucky it was only seven wrong and not fifteen out of twenty wrong.

Adrianna pulled out some paper and she set up the problem for Breanna, and then she started to go through it, writing out the first step for her first….

Breanna copied what her cousin wrote.

“Now, what do we do next?” Adrianna asked frowning down at her cousin who was really the same age, but was treated as though she was much younger.

“Um…,” Breanna looked carefully at what was done, but she shook her head not really understanding.

Adrianna sighed. “You’re going to fail the math test tomorrow.”

“Math tests?” Breanna panicked. She didn’t remember her math teacher saying she was going to have a test!

“Yes, Breanna,” Adrianna sighed. “Don’t you ever pay attention at school?”

Adrianna worked with her to solve five of the seven problems before Breanna realized she had to poop.

“Um… Adri?”

“What, Bre-an?”

“I gotta go potty.”

“What did I say about that?”

“I can’t go until my homework is done?”

“Good, you were paying attention. Now we just have two more problems….”

“But I don’t think I can hold it.”

“I told you, didn’t I? If you wet, we’ll hide it so it looks like you wet at school,” she told her. “Uncle Jorge is used to you wetting at school, right?”

Breanna frowned. She didn’t even want to pretend it was from school, but this was more serious than a little pee about to wet her bottom.

“Adri!”

“What?”

“It’s not pee! Please let me go?”

“You can go if you want. I’ll just tell Uncle Jorge that you were disobedient!”

Breanna thought about which would be better.

“I’ll tell him you were a brat all evening, and that you peed your pants on purpose, too.”

She sighed. “I’m gonna poop my pants, though.”

Adrianna sighed. “Well, I don’t think Uncle Jorge will believe you did that at school. The school would have called if you did that there. So, I guess you’ll either have to get in trouble for a pooping accident, or get in trouble for being disobedient and peeing your pants on purpose. It’s up to you.”

Breanna started to cry. “But I’m asking permission. I’m not trying to be a brat.”

“Let’s try to finish the last two problems, baby. If you can get the last two problems finished before you start really pooping, then we can probably make it look like you just didn’t wipe very well if it starts leaking on you….”

Breanna felt the tears stinging her eyes….

Her face was red and burned with shame. Her legs shook, and her butt wouldn’t stop scooting back and forth in her chair. She knew it was only a matter of time before she started to go, and she really doubted she could even finish one problem let alone both before she started to go in her pants.

“Look, if you’d just sit still enough to pay attention,” Adrianna told her. “You’d have already gotten the right answers and would already be on the potty. Can you please, stop squirming for just a minute so we can get through these?”

Breanna shook her head, her voice starting to moan in sobs as she felt a little pee spray on her panties. She was going to lose, and she wasn’t even done with the first of the two last problems because she couldn’t concentrate.

“I’m gonna poop my panties,” she tried to tell Adrianna, though it was really hard to tell what she was saying because her sobbing was more powerful than her voice at the moment, not that Adrianna shouldn’t already know what she was crying about.

“Well, you’re not done with your homework, are you baby?”

Breanna shook her head.

“If you do poop your panties, don’t let Uncle Jorge also find out you were a brat and disobedient, too. Let’s just get this done. If you really can’t hold it, then poop your pants, but let’s get this done.”

Breanna continued to cry as she tried to keep herself from pooping though she could already feel spraying from time to time wetting her panties, which then dampened and then soaked her jeans, and then made a puddle in her chair just as she got the right answer to the first of the two problems.

Pee started to pour over the chair while she worked on the second problem, and then her bowels pushed at her, making her butt hurt for a moment before it finally poke through the tightly compressed hole, and after only a moment of a bit peeking out the hole, she started to feel a run of little bumps that pushed on the hole in quick succession as poop started to fill the space under her.

Her face turned purple, and her hands when towards the back of her pants, willing to push at the poop to get back inside her body, but even as she did so, more poop made a run for inside her panties, not starting fill both down the insides of her legs and running up her back a bit. She scooted back and forth nervously, but that only squished and made the poop move more towards the front of her, leaving more room for another run and another.

After what seemed like an eternity, the bumpy pushing pouring slime-coated mush stopped making a run into her panties, and she sat there, a complete mess.

“Are you quite finished pooping?” Adrianna asked her with a scowl on her face.

Breanna was still shaking, and her legs were still nervously squeezing together from time to time, more from the habit of trying to pretend she still had to pee even after she was done, at school, making the other kids think she was still holding it until the end of a class period. Breanna nodded with a shivering chill running down her back.

“Then let’s get this last problem done….”

Darkness settled in for a moment as her mind started to slowly become aware of where she was again. She shook in her bed, the soft mattress on her back and shoulders told her that she was not standing in front of Adrianna or her uncle, but under her, she did feel wet around her bottom and her privates. She reached her hands under the blankets, and she pushed at the front of herself, and the squishy thing under her pajama bottoms released a little bit of water that went down and around her bottom collecting in the back seat of her butt. But she wasn’t exactly in a puddle, nor was her pajamas or legs wet at all.

Then she remembered, she wasn’t even at home. She sat up, and though the room was pretty dark, and it was hard to see much, she could make out large silhouettes of the television, another bed, and some bags on the floor.

She was in the motel room, and she must have just peed herself before waking up, but everything was so dark, she knew it must be the middle of the night. With a sigh, she laid back down, and closed her eyes again, glad that pooping her pants in front of her cousin was just a nightmare. She had never done that, as far as she could remember. She had pooped her pants a couple of times when she couldn’t get to the toilet in time in the past, but as far as she remembered, it was when she was in the car, and there was literally no toilet around, and her uncle told her to be a good girl and to hold it.

The next morning, Ralph got her up just like he had the morning before, only this time, he just pulled her blanket down and started to pull her pajama bottoms down.

“What?” Breanna closed her legs tightly to make him stop.

“Honey, I have to change your diaper before we set out. I don’t want you wearing a wet diaper first thing on the road,” he told her.

She blushed.

“You know I have to do this, don’t you?”

Breanna nodded remembering the talk the day before. Coyotes were out there, and he was doing this to protect her.

She relaxed her legs and even lifted them or her bottom for him when he needed to help him get the change over with.

He held up the soggy diaper for a minute, and then smiled.

“Looks like it was good we put both boosters in,” he told her. “You peed almost as much as you did when you wet twice before we got you to the motel last night.”

She felt her face heat up.

“It’s alright, sweetie. You’re just an eleven year old girl that hasn’t stopped wetting the bed, aren’t you?”

She nodded remembering his story for the Guatemala border.

“Why I gotta tell them I’m eleven at the border though?” Breanna finally asked after he got her in a clean diaper with both types of booster pads.

“Honey, you’ll probably have wet your pants by then. What are you going to tell them about wearing a diaper, particularly a wet diaper when they start searching you.”

“Searching me?”

“The border patrol picks random cars to pull over who are crossing, and they make everyone get out. They search the car to make sure stuff isn’t being illegally taken across, and they also pat down everyone in the car, and they will feel your diaper, and they might even make you take off your pants so they can make sure you are wearing a diaper and not just using that idea to hide something. They might even make you take off your wet diaper and check it to make sure it’s really pee and not something hidden inside it.”

“They… they do?”

“Yes, honey. I’ve had quite a few girls embarrassed by their searching, and a couple of them told them she was nineteen, which led to them asking her more questions, and then they embarrassed her by basically getting her to the point that she had to tell them that she wets her pants all the time, which is why she is in diapers before they finally let her go.”

Breanna frowned.

“If you stick to the story that you are eleven years old, they are not allowed to pick on you like that, and they’ll direct all the embarrassing questions at me instead, so I can protect you and make it seem natural without letting them make you say you pee your pants all the time. I’ll tell them we are on a long car trip, and I diaper you when we go on long trips because an eleven year old child can only hold it so long before she wets her pants.”

Breanna sighed and nodded. She guessed that made sense.

After breakfast, Ralph ordered her some strawberry milk as a treat.

“Pretend you are happy with it,” he whispered to her. “What kid wouldn’t be happy about getting a treat in the morning?”

She nodded and gladly drank the treat before they set off on the trip for the day.

Between her DS, her dolls, and her coloring book, Breanna kept herself mostly occupied with a little chatter here and there with Ralph, as though Ralph was really her daddy. He asked her silly stuff, like what she was playing with her dolls, or if she liked the music that was playing when he caught her moving to it, and a couple of times, he asked if she was wet yet, but she wasn’t.

Traffic suddenly started to slow down to a crawl, so that Breanna looked up from her DS, “Cat Scratches,” and she realized that they must be at the border. She put the DS game down, and put her thumb in her mouth. It was at this time, that her body suddenly told her that she had to pee for the first time that day.

“Oh, not now,” she mentally told her bladder. “Why couldn’t you have just done this earlier?”

She started to wiggle her legs in nervousness.

Ralph smiled over at her.

“Don’t be so nervous, honey. If you look too nervous, they won’t believe you are a child. You won’t get in trouble for crossing the border if you are eleven years old.”

“It’s not that,” Breanna said looking down at her privates pointedly.

“Then just wet your pants, honey. It’s going to take a while before we get to the front, and while you might be embarrassed, they shouldn’t see a nervous little child. Pee. Them. Please.”

The way he slowly said the last three words, she looked down and tears filled her eyes. If her uncle said three words like that, his words would have been “Don’t. You. Dare.”

She kept bouncing her legs and scooting her butt in her seat, but eventually, with Ralph staring at her as though he was getting a little nervous that she was going to keep doing this all the way to the front, Breanna started to feel her bladder releasing nearly on its own, until her diaper was soggy for a moment around her, and then after a few seconds, the pee started to get absorbed by the padding inside the diaper, and then she felt mostly dry.

She still kept closing her legs every now and then because she was about to pass through the gates where the guards checked, and she saw that Ralph was right about them choosing some cars to pull over because she saw several, and she saw the officers patting people down.

Breanna felt her heart melt as she saw one little girl, maybe about the age she was supposed to be, looking up shamefully at the border guard, her skirt soaked in her pee, probably from sitting at the border line for too long.

Luckily, their car had not been targeted for a stop, and after Ralph answered a couple of questions, and he looked over at the toys surrounding Breanna, and saw her legs moving funny, he mentioned that the little girl looks like she’s about to wet her pants, and then waved them on.

Breanna’s face got really red, but she was glad they were motioned to move on.

“Honey, I told you to just pee long before now,” Ralph told her once they were away from the gate.

“I did, daddy. I just… I always get nervous and try to squeeze my legs together after I wet because…. I just do.”

He smiled. “Okay, honey. You’re wet then?”

She nodded.

“I’ll get you somewhere to get you a clean diaper on, sweetheart. Just be patient for a little bit, okay?”

Breanna nodded and picked up her DS again, wiping her wet thumb from sucking it at the gate off on her shirt before continuing to play.

While they were driving along, Ralph supposedly looking for a safe place to both get her some lunch, and to change her diaper, he suddenly asked her a funny question:

“What do you remember about your real dad?” he asked.

“Um… only that he doesn’t want me,” Breanna started to parrot what she had heard ever since coming down south, but then, she shook her head. “Actually, I don’t know if he wants me. Everyone kept telling me he doesn’t want me, and that’s why I was sent away, and why he never came looking for me, but somewhere, deep down, I’m not sure that’s even the case.”

“Your aunt and your uncle told you that, probably so many times, that as a child, you were believing them for a while, right?”

Breanna nodded.

“What if I told you that your daddy has been looking for you since the day you disappeared from school?”

Breanna gave him a sideways look.

“But I’m nineteen years old now,” she told Ralph. “Why would he care if I was found now?”

“Because, honey. No parent stops loving their children no matter how old they get, and no parent wants to give up hope of finding a missing child alive.”

“Are you my daddy?”

He frowned and shook his head. “I am only your daddy for this trip,” he told her. “I need you to act like I’m your daddy until we get to America.”

“Then why are you bringing my daddy up? Are you really from that school you say you are from?”

Ralph smiled. “You’re a smart little cookie, aren’t you? No, I’m not from any school.”

“So, why’d you come to take me away from my uncle and aunt?”

“First of all, they are not your real uncle or aunt,” Ralph explained to her. “I was afraid to tell you that before we got across the border because if you panicked, you might have tried to go back to those people. They had gotten you through the coyote network.”

“But why? Why would they use Coyotes to try to steal a child from America?”

“Their plan was to use you, a natural born American who has lost both of her parents, tragically, and as your guardians, they would get the country to let them bring you back across, and essence, slip into America that way.”

“Why didn’t they then?”

“Their plan didn’t go as they had wished. They coyote that had kidnapped you had only done a half ass job, and he didn’t get the papers he needed to prove you are an American.”

“Do you have papers to show I’m an American?” she asked Ralph.

“Right here,” he pulled out the papers from the glove box, the same papers he had shown the Guatemala border patrol.

Breanna looked over the papers.

“These papers are wrong, though,” she said.

“How so?” Ralph asked her.

“The birthdate is wrong.”

“Yes, well, I had some parts of the papers changed because otherwise, questions would be asked, and you might not have gotten out of Guatemala.”

“But according to these papers, I’m eleven years old.”

“Exactly. Which is why you need to pretend to be eleven until we get got America, and our desitination.”

“If our destination is not the school, then where are you taking me?” Breanna suddenly pushed the all the toys to the floor.

“I’m taking you to see your dad,” he said.

“Really? My dad? But….”

“Your dad sold his house and his car, and he’s put every dime he has in the bank into looking for you. He had learned maybe a year or so after your kidnapping that a Mexican Coyote was kidnapping children and then Mexicans were using such kids to get to America. He wasted nearly two years having Mexicans investigated privately who got into America, but accidentally discovered that the coyote that actually got a hold of the girl at your school, you, had been caught with false papers trying to get children down to Guatemala.”

“So, my dad? He HAS been looking for me?”

“Yes, baby. I told him that it would be hard to prove to the border patrols that a nineteen year old girl that was still in Guatemala was really an American, so your dad told me to do whatever it took to bring you back.”

“I told him I might have to make you look younger, and make you act like a child.”

Breanna smiled. She didn’t care what her dad agreed to. He actually wanted her back.

“I called him when I found you and told him that I had a plan, but it would mean you’d have to pretend to be eleven years old. He agreed to it right away before he even knew all the details.”

Breanna nodded. “I agree, too.”

“If you agree, then you won’t fight me anymore about peeing your pants all the time, will you?”

Breanna shook her head no. “I’m going to see my daddy. How much longer?”

“If all goes to plan, you should be meeting him in three days. But we need to convince everyone that you come in contact with that you are an eleven year old child, and that you have potty issues. It’s all part of the cover story. Since most eleven year olds don’t have those issues, it would be too specific for anyone to think we made it up.”

“Why do I need to have potty issues?”

“If for some reason, the Mexican police hold us for a day or two, if you continue to wet your pants like you need to, and they do all the checking they are supposed to, they will eventually come to the conclusion I am your daddy and your medical file will talk about you having seen doctors again and again when you were seven, nine, ten, and even this year about it, but you just keep peeing your pants all the time.”

Breanna nodded. “Okay. I guess it’s a small thing compared to seeing my daddy again. I’ll just pee my pants if you really think that’s best.”

“I do, baby. That’s why I’ve been trying to get you used to it and showing you that you won’t be punished for it.”

“Then, are the coyotes you said about yesterday real?”

“Unfortunately, they are. That’s a second reason why I wanted you to pee your pants. If you get used to wetting, then we won’t have to worry about you being in the girls’ room along a dangerous area, where it might be hard for me to go in with you. There are women coyotes, too.”

Breanna nodded. “I know.”

“You know?”

“Yeah. I think one of the people that kidnapped me was a woman.”

Ralph nodded.

“So, my cousins aren’t really my cousins?” she asked Ralph. “I mean, most of the other aunts and uncles were kind of nice to me, almost like a real family. Only Uncle Jorge and Aunt Carmen seemed to be constantly disappointed in me.”

“Honey, I doubt the others even knew what Jorge and Carmen were really up to. Jorge and Carmen’s disappointment in you had nothing to do with your schooling, your wetting, or anything except that the coyote had messed up, and they were unable to use you to get to America. Forget about Jorge and Carmen, baby. They were not your real family. From what I gathered about them, they never treated you like a real member of the family, but something barely better than a dog.”

Breanna nodded.

“Now pick up your toys and keep playing, sweetie. Even though you know the truth, now, it is more important than ever that you continue to act in the right character. Now more asking to go potty. All wetting goes in your pants until we get across the American border. Agreed?”

Breanna nodded. “I agree.”

*010*2021-07-08 06:30

Chapter 7:

Breanna sat there, now feeling full of high spirits as she picked up her DS, not caring that her bottom was feeling a little damp, but not completely wet due to the cushion of the pad in her diaper that Ralph had put on her insistently that morning.

“I can’t believe he was really looking for me all that time,” she said to her cat character, Misley Me a ow. “I’m actually going to see my dad again!”

She happily had Misley scratch up a rather rugged Tom cat that looked a bit bigger than Misley, and that was marked as a level 5 while she was still level 3. Poor Misley had to run away from that fight in the end, but even the defeat of her little Misley, escaping into her house for some rest and food to improve her health for the next fight, Breanna couldn’t be put into a bad mood.

“There’s a place,” she suddenly heard Ralph as he pulled off of the main road towards another small diner. They parked in the back, and Breanna knew that meant he intended on changing her diaper, probably in the car again.

After a quick diaper change, Ralph made sure she had her favorite dolly in her hands, and he took her into the restaurant in her cute skirt and a very adorable light blue tee shirt with white lace around the collar and the ends of the sleeves as well as the hem.

“And how is the little one, today?” the waiter came to their table to take an order. “Are you enjoying your trip? Are you from Guatemala?”

Breanna looked over at Ralph.

“Sorry about that, she’s kind of shy. We were down in Guatemala visiting her mother’s relatives for a few days, but now we are headed back to the states because school starts in a couple of days, and we need to get her registered again.”

“That’s so nice. A lot of families seem to forget their relatives south of the border once they make it north. So, where is her mom?”

“Well, she’s actually not with us anymore, which is one reason I thought the little one should see Guatemala at least once, so she knows where her mom came from.”

“Wow! That is so inspirational.”

“The little lady will have your teen special, and I’ll have your rice and fajita meal.”

“Very good, sir. We’ll bring those right out as soon as they are ready. Are you just drinking…?”

“A glass of coke for the little lady and a cup of coffee for me.”

“Very well. Coffee refills are on the house.”

“Thanks.”

After he had gone, Breanna looked up at Ralph.

“Well, your dad did say that your mom was from Guatemala, so that seemed the best cover story for why were down there.”

She nodded.

“Are you excited about getting back to America, sweetheart?”

Breanna nodded and smiled up at him.

“Once we get you back to America, we’ll get you your own phone. It’s about time you had one, and besides, having a phone is as much about safety as it is about you just having something that you’d want.”

She looked down. What did he have to say about her getting a phone, really? And did her daddy actually give him money for these toys, or did he really buy these toys for her, himself. He had told her that he had to convince her daddy to treat her like a kid….

“After lunch, we should stop and get you some more clothes,” Ralph told her.

“Why?”

“Because a kid only having a few things like you have isn’t natural. You should have more stuff to wear, and besides, we don’t want you to run out of clothes if you happen to wet enough to leak into your clothes even if you are wearing diapers.”

She looked in to his eyes.

“But the diaper lets me wet at least twice before it’s going to leak,” she mumbled wondering why she would have to wear a wet diaper longer than that.

“Yes, honey, it’s supposed to do that, but if something causes you to need to go more than that before I can get you to a safe place to change, then it’s best to be ready.”

“Yeah, but I have enough clothes, and you just washed them last night….”

He smiled at her. “Honey, I’m the daddy on this trip. If I say you need more clothes, you need to just accept that and do what I say. Remember, you agreed to be the little one until we get you re-united with your daddy, so that I can protect you.”

She looked down. “Yes sir. I know. I’ll be good and do whatever you say.”

“Good girl.”

After they were done eating, Ralph stood up and he beckoned Breanna to follow him.

Looking down, she followed him, and he took her right into the men’s.

“I thought I wasn’t going to have to go in here,” she whispered, but still followed him like a good girl.

“You don’t have to use the potty here,” he told her. “I don’t want you to use it in here, to tell you the truth because it isn’t decent for you to do so, and because it could be dangerous, but I do need to keep an eye on you for your safety, so you need to come with me.”

He directed her back to the larger stall, the one made for people who need more space for reasons like being in a wheelchair or whatnot, and he stood her at the far end of the stall, and turned her to face the wall away from the toilet.

“Daddy will be done in a minute,” he told her. “Just stand there and face the wall like a good little girl. You surely don’t want to watch me go, do you?”

She shook her head no. She had no interest in watching him, or even a boy her age to go, really.

As she stood there, she heard sounds that told her that he was using the toilet.

Once he was done, and decent again, he came up and put a hand on her shoulder.

“Good girl,” he whispered to her. He turned her around and pulled down her pants to check her diaper, but it was still dry since he had just recently changed her before coming into the restaurant.

“I just wanted to make sure you didn’t have another accident, sweetheart.”

She nodded.

He pulled her pants back up and fixed her shirt and clothes so she was decent, and then he lifted her up and carried her over to the sinks. At the sinks, he helped her up so she could wash her hands. Maybe he wanted people to think he let her use the toilet, and people thinking a little kid used the toilet was a little less embarrassing than people thinking she watched her daddy go.

She washed her hands as well as he did, and then he picked her up again, and carried her back to the table, where he left the cost of the meal for the waiter, and then taking her by the hand again, he walked her out to the car.

When they got in the car, Breanna looked over at him, her favorite doll clutched in her hands.

“Daddy?”

“Yes, sweetie?”

“If you going to take me in so you can use the toilet, how come you don’t just take me in and make me use the men’s toilet to go potty?”

“Because I need you to be wetting your pants. It’s not just about preventing them from having a chance to kidnap you, it’s also to turn them off from grabbing you because most people that traffic young girls, they want a girl that is old enough to know better than to pee her pants.”

“So, I… I’m in a diaper,” she looked up at him.

“Yes, you are, honey. And if they get you away from me, they’ll see you in not only a diaper, but hopefully a very wet soggy one which will make them change their minds about wanting you.”

She nodded.

“Believe me, I may not work for a school, but I do know how the coyotes work along this route.”

“How do you know so much about the coyotes?” she asked him.

“I call myself El Lobo, or wolf,” he told her. “I not only retrieve girls and sometimes children from Los Coyotes, but I also often take people away from them when I can, and then I get those people back where they belong.”

“Oh,” she said.

“I do often make the girls I take back from the Coyotes to start going potty in their pants until I get them back where they are going, because I know the coyotes are following us, and when Los Coyotes discover the girl is now wetting and sometimes, even pooping her pants, they lose interest in her and go on to find someone else to target.”

“So….,” she looked down at her lap. “You’ve been trying to get me to pee my pants all this time because you really do know it works in stopping Los Coyotes from being interested, even if they find out I’m not really eleven years old?”

“Exactly, honey. The eleven year old story is just so we can get you back across borders with less problems with the border guards, and so when you wet your pants at restaurant, and sometimes diapers do leak, the people around you are less likely to stare, which will make you less nervous.”

She nodded.

“You are a good girl, so far, but you really need to keep up on the no toilet policy until we get you to your daddy, sweetheart. I don’t want Los Coyotes to become interested in you.”

She nodded. “I will. I promise.”

He patted her lap. “You are a good little girl.”

She smiled up at him.

“Play with your toys. We are going to go shopping as soon as we get to a big enough city to be able to find a decent place to shop for clothes for you.”

Breanna smiled and she started to play with her dollies again.

Somehow, even though she really wanted revenge on Adrianna and the others that sometimes picked on her, when she started to think about Adrianna peeing her pants again, she shook her head thinking it just wasn’t naturally her character.

Instead, she looked more at her Marianna dolly and her Guadeloupe dolls, thinking more about their characters. Of course, they could never just pee their pants like she was doing, and she could never imagine Aunt Catalina or Uncle Jose being so mean to them, that they could be made to wet themselves. There was no way Uncle Jose would leave them with Uncle Jorge or Aunt Carmen, so that wouldn’t cause it either, but then thinking about Adrianna…, she got an idea.

As she played, Adrianna telling Marianna that if she didn’t do what she said for a whole week, then Adrianna was going to tell Aunt Catalina that Guadeloupe had something bad, and because she had taken a picture of it with her phone, Marianna knew that she had to obey if she didn’t want her big sister to get in trouble.

As they drove, and Breanna played, she suddenly felt a little catch in her bladder, and she knew it was time to wet again. She put her dolls down, somehow, embarrassed to pee her pants in front of them, and she looked over at Ralph, and she already knew his answer. He wanted her to wet her diapers from now on, so telling him she had to pee was not going to make it any easier.

Ralph looked over at her after she had put her dolls down, and seemed to sit there without playing.

“Are you okay, baby?” he asked her.

“I’m just about to wet my pants,” Breanna said her face getting a bit warm at admitting it.

“That’s a good girl. Go ahead and go, sweetie. I’ll try not to look at you or do anything to make you nervous.”

She nodded.

They hit a bump, which weakened her muscles that were still not really accustomed to letting her pee freely, and that allowed her to leak a little bit, which in turn, led to more spraying once her diaper was damp, and then more and more until she was finally going full force into her diaper and couldn’t stop it if she wanted to.

After several seconds, she looked over at Ralph, her face on fire.

“You did it?” he asked her.

She nodded biting her lower lip.

“Good girl,” he reached over and patted her lap. “You are going to be glad you are wetting your pants like this, if a coyote ever gets you alone,” he told her.

She nodded.

They got to a larger city maybe an hour or so after she had wet her diaper, and was now playing with her dolls again, her diaper still wet since he had not yet found a safe place to pull over to change her.

Ralph parked the car in the large parking lot, got out and went around to her side of the car, and got her out and started to pick her up.

“What about my wet diaper?” Breanna whispered to him.

“It doesn’t show, sweetheart. Let’s just get you some more nice clothes, get you a treat, and then after that, we’ll find a better place to park, so we can change you privately, okay?”

She frowned at having to wear her wet diaper into the store, but he was in charge, and she was just an eleven year old who had to obey her daddy. He usually changed her right away, so maybe he knew something that she didn’t about this area of Mexico. It was safer to do whatever he told her.

He let her down when they got to the carts, and he placed her hands on the cart bar to push it, and then he walked behind her, pushing the cart with his hands outside hers. She imagined, she really did look like a little kid like this, and wondered if this scene didn’t actually make her look like a bigger eight or nine year old rather than an eleven year old. Still, there was no way to argue that it would be a lot more difficult to get her away from him while they were in this position.

He took her over where there were some overalls for little girls, and he started to look through them. She was right at his side, as he seemed to consider the colors.

“I like that one,” Breanna pointed at the purple corduroy ones. It was almost a pastel color of purple, and she thought it was the cutest of the ones that were displayed.

Ralph smiled and pulled it off of the rack to check the size.

But Ralph didn’t want to just get her one of those. He got her three pairs, one jean blue, the purple one, and a pink one that was made more like cotton than jean, but not corduroy either.

Breanna sighed at getting all these.

Ralph then took her to skirts that were made the same way, with overall straps over the shoulders, and he got a pink and purple one, a green one, and a black and pink one.

Breanna looked up at him wonder what this theme had to do with getting through Mexico safely.

Ralph then took her to where they had swimsuits that were the one piece style. She looked up at him wondering why she needed something like this, but she also noticed he was getting her two sizes too big.

“Daddy? These are too big for me,” she told him.

“Honey, these are not meant for swimming.”

“Oh. What are we getting these for then?”

“Coyotes that try to undress you will not only find you in a diaper,” he told her. “But you will be wearing this, too. That will make them think there is something wrong with your development, like your intelligence, and that will make them think you can’t be easily reasoned with.”

Breanna looked down.

“If anyone tries to take you away, you need to start screaming and crying and fighting, and wetting your pants if you can, and even biting and scratching at them. When they finally get you calm enough, and they notice you’ve peed enough to leak, they’ll try to take off your clothes. Fight them, because they are up to no good, anyway, but when they see what looks like a baby onsie on you, and they see the sagging diaper under the swimsuit, they will see they have made a big mistake, because there is no way they can expect to reason with you to do what they want. The best they can do, is pawn you off as a little girl at that point, and then you won’t be put into sex trafficking or anything like that, okay?”

Breanna had a fowl taste in her mouth throughout most of his explanation, that is, until he ended with the idea she could be sex trafficked, if people realized she was a cognitive nineteen year old, and that the getup would definitely make them change their mind about that. She agreed, it was better to look like a little girl that needed this kind of stuff than it was to be sold into a life like that.

“If all goes well, you will not even see another coyote, but it is much better to be dressed and treated as a baby, and not need it, than it is to not be ready, and then have something happen,” he finished his reasoning with her.

She nodded. He was right. They must be really in a dangerous coyote area, because he had let her go all the way through Guatemala without this extremity in convincing power. She really hoped she didn’t see a coyote, and the nervousness caused her bladder to suddenly release a spray without her even realizing she had to go until she sprayed some in her diaper. Once she did though, she decided to just try to spray her diaper as inconspicuously as she could, because she definitely didn’t want anyone to think she was an adult right now.

After that, he got her some shirts, undershirts, panties that would fit over her diaper/onsie thing, and some cute socks and one more pair of shoes. Of course, he restocked on diapers and pads for her, and then they were at a food court.

“What do you think?” Ralph asked the little girl. “Do you want ice cream, donuts, or cake?”

She smiled up at him and pointed at the ice cream.

Her diaper was sagging by this point, and she felt it heavily pulling at her hips trying to fall down through her skirt.

When they were seated, eating ice cream, she whispered up to Ralph.

“Daddy, my diaper is really wet. It’s trying to fall down.”

“Well, we can’t have that, can we?” he smiled at her. “When we get you to the car, I guess we’ll just have to put the curtains up and change you then.”

She nodded frowning. “But what if it falls down on the way to the car?” she asked.

Ralph sighed.

“Well, there’s not much we can do about it until we get to the car and are able to change you, baby. And I do have to carry the stuff I just bought, so you’re just going to have to try to keep that from happening on your own, okay?”

Breanna nodded.

“This is precisely one of the reasons I’m getting you show swimsuits to act as onsies, though. If we get a swim suit on you over your diaper, then it won’t sag under a skirt you’re wearing.”

Breanna’s mouth went wide and then down to an “oh,” as though she was saying wow, but not voicing it. Ralph really was thinking about everything, then. She started to wonder why he didn’t do this in the first place, but then, Breanna realized she probably would have questioned it if he mentioned doing it this way to start with. He was letting her see the natural consequences, obviously, of being stuck in a wet diaper for too long.

Breanna put her hands on the sides of her skirt, and felt through the skirt into the sides of the tops of her diaper, and then she held the diaper up through her skirt, hoping that no one would really notice too much as she walked alongside her ‘daddy’ back to the car.

Once they were there, ‘daddy’ put the bags of clothes in the back first, and then he nodded at Breanna to get in, and he got in right behind her closing the door.

“Are you just wet?” Ralph asked her.

Breanna looked down her body at him, because she was lying now, where he was sitting almost where her knees were, and she didn’t look happy about his question.

“What do you mean, just wet?” she asked.

“You didn’t do something else,” he asked.

“No…. I just wet my pants, but twice. I mean, I’m not going to poop my diaper unless I really have to, and believe me, whether you want me to or not, I’m pretty sure I’m going to let you know it’s going to happen if you don’t let to potty. You aren’t going to make me do that, are you?”

Ralph shrugged.

“Breanna, I don’t want you to poop your pants if it can be helped, but if it comes to going at a dangerous place, or going in your pants, going in your pants is better than taking a chance of getting in trouble with some Coyote, and we certainly can’t have you mentioning it at the border guards to America.”

She nodded. She understood being careful of the coyotes, though she was a little confused about why it would be bad if the border patrol knew she had to go potty.

After the curtains were up around the backseat again, Ralph pulled the little one’s skirt down, and he sighed.

“Well, it looks like even twice can cause a leak,” he told Breanna as she held up her skirt showing her a wet patch on the back where her butt would be, so big that she wondered if anyone had seen it when they were coming back to the car. It obviously must have leaked when she was sitting and eating ice cream, but she didn’t feel it leak.

Ralph folded the wet skirt away, and put it in a plastic bag, then he pulled down and off her panties that were mean to hide her diaper, and it was soaked around the middle and the back and part of the way up the front.

When he had her panties off, he sighed and shook his head.

“No wonder,” he pulled her hand over so she could feel how the diaper had shifted and apparently when she peed the second time, she must have peed half of it into the diaper, and half of it had found the half of the diaper that had come un-taped and went directly into her panties.

She looked down, and found that not quite half of her privates were showing from the un-taped diaper, but certainly enough of it, that the pee could easily pour out of that part of her diaper and all over her panties and then probably all over the floor. She blushed thinking that someone was going to see a puddle somewhere in the store, where she had started peeing herself earlier.

“You didn’t feel it leaking down your legs or all over your bottom?” Ralph asked her.

She started to cry knowing that if she had done this, and it was Uncle Jorge, she’d be in really big trouble. She should have known something was wrong with the diaper! She started to shake, even as she thought about how mad Ralph should really be, but then Ralph pulled her up into a sitting position, her bottom half still naked, and pulled her into his lap and rocked her.

“Don’t cry, sweetheart,” he whispered to you. “I told you that it’s okay to wet your pants. I don’t want you using the public bathroom anywhere, or even the toilet at the motels, until we meet your daddy from now.”

“Not even the toilet at the motel?” Breanna sniffled.

“No, baby. So, the wetting and leaking in your pants is not your fault, sweetheart. I was only asking if you didn’t even feel it leaking down your legs, but not to say that you were in trouble for it.”

She shook her head. “I honestly didn’t feel it, daddy.”

“Then it’s okay, sweetheart. Daddy is going to try to fix it with those swim suites, so that next time it come un-taped like that, the swimsuit will still hold the diaper in place so it doesn’t get all over you. This would have been a lot worse, had you pooped your pants like that.”

Breanna frowned. He said he didn’t want her to poop herself, but now, he was mentioning a second time, that it could happen. She blushed thinking he was probably trying to prepare her for the inevitable. She wasn’t sure how many girls he had helped before, but if they were not allowed to use the toilet in public at all, and only at the motels if they convinced him they were going to poop, then probably a lot of them had pooped in their panties at least once.

“I’m… I’m going to poop my diaper later, aren’t I?” she whispered with her head in ‘daddy’s chest.

“Well, I know you don’t want to, so I really hope it doesn’t happen, but I can’t guarantee it won’t,” Ralph said rubbing her back. “In every fifteen girls, ten of them end up pooping their pants once, and six or seven end up pooping their pants more than once.”

Breanna sighed and held the sides of his shirt with her hands balled into fists like a real little girl that was getting some scary news.

“But Breanna?” he rubbed her head back and whispered with a kiss to her forehead. “I promise, if you do poop your pants, once or more than once, I will not be mad or punish you for something that’s not your fault. You are not choosing to poop your pants, baby. I’m telling you to do it because of safety, okay?”

She nodded, her head trying to push into his chest for comfort and somehow, she felt safer.

As she sat there in his lap, like that, he started to get a diaper under her. He was so practiced with diapering little girls, well, girls he trained to be little to get the safely where they were going, that he had the diaper under her and even the shorter pad in her diaper and it taped up before she realized what he was doing.

“Can you scoot off my lap for a minute?” he whispered to her. “We need to get your swim suit on you so it holds up the diaper better this time, and then we’ll put some panties on over the swim suit so no one knows you are wearing a diaper or a swimsuit like this.”

“Daddy?” she shivered as she backed off of his legs. “How you going to put the swimsuit on me? I still have my shirts on.”

He nodded. “I know. I was wondering when you were going to figure that out. Let’s just get the bottom part of your swimsuit on first, then we’ll take off your shirts just long enough to fix the top of your swimsuit, okay?”

She nodded understanding that he was just trying to help keep her diaper from undoing itself and embarrassing her again later.

She let him get her swimsuit in place, and then let him start to lift her shirt off of her.

“I’m eleven years old, right, daddy?”

“Yes, sweetheart. You’re eleven years old.”

“Well, eleven year olds can put on a swimsuit by themselves, usually.”

“Yes, baby, but this is not really a swimsuit, or at least, it’s not being used as one, is it?”

She looked into his eyes.

“Honey, this is a make shift onsie, so your diapers don’t sag down on you. It is serving a different purpose than swimming. If you were just swimming, it wouldn’t matter how you put it on because it would cover you the way it was intended, but to serve the purpose we need it to, I need to make sure it is on your right, so it holds your diaper in place.”

She nodded.

“That is something an eleven year old doesn’t usually deal with, right? Not many eleven year olds have experience with wetting a diaper, and then having it sag on them, do they, baby?”

Breanna nodded. He had to be right about that, though she did have experience with wetting her pants at that age. She would never have been in a diaper though or a onsie kind of thing because her uncle would not have allowed it.

She let him get her shirts off, and he turned her around, and examined her back for a minute, something he had noticed on her front made him want to see her back.

“You… you have black and blue marks on your back,” Ralph said to her as though surprised, as if he had never had a chance to see it before. Maybe he didn’t really look, properly when she thought he had removed her shirts, or was this the first time for him to actually see her without a shirt on?

“When did you get these bruises?” he asked her.

Breanna shrugged.

“Your Uncle Jorge did this to you?” he asked her.

“No. Not exactly,” she said looking at the floor when he turned her to look back at him.

“What do you mean, not exactly?” he asked her.

“Uncle Jorge didn’t hit me like that,” she said. “But, he let my cousin babysit me, even up to last week, and my cousin was allowed to punish me if I did something wrong.”

“Your cousin did this to you?”

“Well, actually, she didn’t mean to hurt me like this,” Breanna said. “I fell down the stairs of the front porch. You know, the cement ones?”

Ralph frowned.

“She tried to swat me, and I tried to dodge her, and I slipped and fell. My cousin was really sorry that she caused me to fall, and she helped me into the house, and then we called my Uncle. She even told my uncle I was being disciplined for something completely unrelated, and she told him I only wet my pants that time because I fell on the ground so hard. Uncle believed her and hugged me.”

Ralph frowned.

“So what did she try to swat a nineteen year old girl for?”

“Well, because, she found out I leaked pee in my pants when we were at a basketball game together. She said I embarrassed her, and she had a right to spank me because Uncle Jorge said so, if I do anything wrong in front of her.”

Ralph sighed. He turned her again to check on the black and blue places where she fell, and then at the redness that was still on her side and that went around to her front, the trail that caused him to turn her around and check.

He sighed.

He pulled down the bottom part of her swimmers again, and then pulled down her diaper and checked her more carefully.

“I should have done this before,” he told her. “If the authorities in the USA side see anything that looks like abuse, they might try to arrest me, and they will keep you, and if they find out you are nineteen and not eleven, they will try to send you back to Guatemala.”

Breanna frowned.

“Your legs look like they have light whipping marks on them,” Ralph observed. “And so does the small of your back.”

“That’s from when I get hit by the strap. Uncle Jorge, Aunt Carmen, and Cousin Adrianna used to use it to spank me when I messed up.”

“Even if you did mess up,” Ralph sighed. “What I see doesn’t even look like a real spanking. It looks like a whipping.”

Breanna shrugged. She never doubted it was a whipping more than a spanking, but then, how do you spank a fifteen year old whose body is no longer affected by regular spanks, let alone a nineteen year old?

“This is abuse, baby.”

He hugged.

“We are going to have to change our cover story a bit so you don’t get discovered as a nineteen year old trying to sneak over the border, and so I don’t go to jail for abuse I didn’t even do.”

Breanna nodded.

He pulled her diaper back up on her, and refastened the tabs, though now, they were a little weaker because of having to be re-taped. Luckily, he had the swimsuit-onsie thing he was pulling on over her diaper that would keep it up and in place. Then he helped her slip her arms into the suit and over that, he pull up some pink panties on her and then put on her undershirt for her.

“Are you okay?” Ralph asked her.

Breanna nodded.

“Comfortable enough?”

“It feels kind of weird to wear it like this, but it’s not tight or anything.”

“Good,” he said and then he pulled on her kittens shirt that was black with two white kittens pawing at each other. Last, he pulled up a new skirt he had just gotten her, a pink cotton overalls style one. “There we are, all dressed again, baby.”

She nodded.

“We need to talk to your daddy before we proceed,” Ralph told her. “I want to have him talk to the state about getting his little girl back. He will have to say he sent someone to go looking for his girl when some people kidnapped you, and he heard you were taken to Mexico. We are still going to use the idea that a child was taken, and I’ll tell him about the abuse marks on you, so when the border patrol see us, they will understand that you are not only an American, but an at risk child that had to be rescued.”

Breanna nodded.

“It is very important that you act scared and that you flinch anytime one of the guards comes your way, and if possible, you go in your pants or diaper as soon as they try to reach for you. Cry and try to reach for me calling me Uncle Ralph from now on… not daddy.”

“Uncle Ralph?”

“That’s right. The border are going to be told your daddy is waiting for you in America. You need to have a reason to know me and trust me, so I’m your uncle.”

He sighed.

“Actually, baby, you are going to have to be nine years old, I think.”

“Nine?”

“Do you want to be sent back to people that hit you?”

“But I was bad. All parents spank kids that are bad,” she said looking up at him.

“Have I spanked you once for wetting your pants?” Ralph asked her.

“No?”

“No,” he said. “Those people were not just spanking you for being bad. They made up the rules as they went and hit you for things that were not even your fault, and this welt on your lower back and those marks on your legs are not a spanking, baby girl. They are whippings, something you do when you try to get animals to behave against their natural instincts. Even against animals, for the most part, that is called abuse, and people get arrested even for that!”

“Really?”

“Really baby. If you are nine years old, and the border sees that you are black and blue, and you have whipping marks on you, you will definitely be placed in the system as an at risk kid, which will make you getting back into America a lot easier, even if they find what I did was illegal and try to arrest me, you will be protected. So, you are nine and you are a scared little girl, and you pee or poop your pants the minute any of those people try to touch you. You do that, honey, and I promise, you will get back with your dad, no matter what happens to me.”

“Okay,” she nodded.

“Good girl. We need to go ahead and find a motel for the night so I can call your dad about all this.”

Breanna nodded. It was nowhere near night time, but she knew that plans had to be altered, and things had to be prepared of them arriving, and so, she realized that might mean another day or two with Uncle Ralph. What was two more days though? She was going to see her daddy soon, and so what if Uncle Ralph told her that she was nine years old now? He was protecting her, and if he could make her look like a nine year old, then she wasn’t against anything that would get her back into America and back to her daddy.
