This dormitory is good

Author: Rune Vesgina

*000*2020-08-02 14:29

P.S. The content of this fiction may have a bit sexuality if any mistakes occur. I am sorry to this point. Things to read this story to have fun

Nick, a first year college boy studying at a university far from home, decided to rent a dormitory for the convenience of going to college. Catalina, the owner of the 29-year-old dormitory, gave the keys to Nick's room, room 203 and tell the rules of the dormitory rental there. Nick opened the room he rented inside the room wide enough to be alone. Nick didn't wait to take things into the room and clean.Nick takes the time to bring things into the room and clean for about an hour. After cleaning, Nick lay to rest

An hour passed……...Two hours passed……….

*Knock* *Knock* *Knock*

Suddenly someone knocked on the door of his room. Nick tried to ignore and continued to sleep until the knocking on the door became louder

*Knock* *Knock* *Knock*

And a female voice appears. “ Excuse me, can I go to your bathroom? ”

Nick, who heard the voice of that person, agreed to open the door and saw a woman with long, smooth hair her body was quite good, almost causing Nick to charm her age should be working age She was holding her hands around her vagina and madly crossing her legs.

“ Ah….I lost my room key. Can I use the bathroom in your room? ”

Nick goes back to let her go into the room. The woman rushed to the bathroom, but then Nick caught her arm and asked.

“ Why is it my room? Although you can request your room key to reserve ”

The woman was shocked and quickly used her other hand to push Nick's hand out and squeeze her thighs tightly. She blushed and shouted.

“ Please, I'm going to piss myself Allow me to use the bathroom. ”

No matter how much the woman pushed Nick, Nick didn't move because she had to spare her strength to not pee, but Nick grabbed her waist and took her to bed.

“ Ah! ” The whimper of that woman causing Nick enough to guess that she had leaked her bottom into shaking Nick's lap and mingled with her sobbing

“ *Sob* I will do everything you want…..*Sob*, just let me use …..*Sob* bathroom.”

Nick, who heard what the woman said, revealed his evil smile and released that woman.

That woman rushed to the bathroom, opened the bathroom door but there was a golden liquid coming out between her legs.

“No...No...No…..Ah!”

That woman grew more hot with the golden liquid coming out of her vagina. She hurried to discuss the skirt up to not get more wet and squatting in front of the bathroom and releasing all the golden liquid. That woman, after releasing all the golden liquid, didn't move until Nick walked to that woman.

“Um, are you okay?”

After Nick asked, the woman jumped in until Nick fell and the woman straddled and revealed her angry face.

“I don't forgive you for making me piss myself.”

Nick, who saw her angry face, was very cute, causing Nick to fall for a moment, but Nick pulled his own consciousness. And grabbing the buttons of her shirt and releasing it one by one

“What are you doing? No!”

Her button-down shirt was completely discharged, and Nick dropped the sleeves and saw her bra with a white flower pattern. And Nick plunged into her bra and grabbed her chest without any support.

“ Ah! ” That woman blushed and whimpered, but she didn't seem to resist. It made Nick wonder.

Nick began to hold her chest more and began to squeeze her chest more intense. She makes a whimper more than ever.

“ Ah!..... Ah!...... AH! ”

Then Nick grabbed the woman's skirt and pulled down. Her underwear was the same pattern as her bra, but had a moist yellow mark attached to it. The woman was a little shy and spoke up.

“ This is the mark that you did to me. ”

Nick, who saw the wet patches from pee in her underwear and revealed the evil smile once more and pulling her underwear down with another piece showing her vagina nothing more obscured and Nick was about to take his finger to the woman's vagina That woman was already prepared for what was happening to her and closed her eyes, but after a while there was nothing going into her vagina and she opened her eyes and saw Nick wiping her wet wet straight between her legs and screaming indefinitely up to her vagina, making her impatient to whimper until finally, Nick wipes the pee between her legs and her vagina until dry. The woman got up from Nick's body and put the dress back to normal

“ Why did you stop halfway? ” With the suspicion of that woman, but Nick took his face in to that woman

“ If you want to know, then you try to come to my room where you are the same as today. ”

That woman blushed immediately upon hearing what Nick had said and replied in stuttering.

“ W….What are you t….talking about. Do you w….want me to pee again? ”

Nick saw that her reaction couldn't help laughing.

“ Hahaha, I'm just kidding. ”

After the woman finished dressing, Nick asked for her spare key. Her room was 205 and Nick sent the woman to her room.

“ Thank you for asking for a spare key for me. ”

“ Never mind, don't lose your keys again later. ” Finished talking and she was about to close the room door but Nick grabbed her arm first

“ Is there anything else? Or want to see me pee myself again? ”

“ No no no ” Nick blushed and immediately declined.

“ If there is nothing, then I will leave. I also had to wash my skirts and underwear. ”

“ W…...W…..What is your name? ”Nick was very shy to ask the name of the woman, but was finally able to ask. That woman was surprised and smiled.

“ I thought you wouldn't ask me like that anymore My name is Eli and what is your name? ”

Nick, who heard the answer, was happy as if she agreed to be his girlfriend and respond to her.

“ My name is Nick. Nice to meet you Eli-san ”

“ Nice to meet you.I hope to pee myself in your room again ”

And the beginning of Nick's dormitory begins, and Nick will remain Nick and Eli's secret forever( ? )

