Angelica and Chris Again

Author: Rune Vesgina

*000*2020-08-09 09:18

For those of you who don't understand where Chris comes from, this is the previous episode about Chris.

$/61343-angelicas-first-accident/

Hope you enjoyed the fiction I made, thanks.

Hey, we've met again, I'm Angelica. Today is a hospital holiday where I work, so I can wake up late. I woke up in bed at nine o'clock in a thin tank top and white panties.I came down from the bedroom and brushed my teeth and went to the living room and watched television and sipping coffee, about an hour later, there was a loud knock on my door.

*knock* *knock* *knock*

I was walking to the front and opening the door and behind the door was a elementary school boy around grade 4 and the boy greeted me.

“ Hello sis angel. ”

“ Oh Chris why are you coming to my house today? ”

“ My parents went to work until it was late to come back, so I came to your house to cure loneliness. ”

I didn't have anything to do either, so I pulled the door for Chris in. Chris entered the house and looked at the inside of the surrounding houses that he saw.

“ What's wrong? Chris, come into my house first. ”

Chris saw the clothes that I was wearing and immediately blushed I saw Chris's red face, so I thought a little bit teased him. I grabbed the collar of my tank and pulled it in and out to get the wind out.

“ Haaaaa, it's really hot today. ”

Chris immediately blushed even more. I laughed a little and took him to the living room and gave him some cold water and I continue sipping my coffee.Chris drank all the cold water I gave, and he walked close to me.

“ Angel sister, let's play something fun. ”

“ So what are we going to play? ”

“ Is it good to play, chase, catch? ”

“ Is it alright? You won't catch me in time. ”

Chris paused and thought again what to play.

“ Hahaha, so I'll reward you if you can catch me. ”

I finished speaking and immediately got off, and Chris, who saw me coming off, immediately followed me, and of course he couldn't keep up with me, so I pretended to run slowly, and when Chris got me caught, I immediately accelerated and it was like this for about thirty minutes, I started sweating and panting a little, but Chris didn't seem tired at all.

( This is the power of a child. )

Ten minutes later, I was exhausted and panting. Chris was about to catch me now. I was about to start running, but I couldn't step on my legs, and Chris finally managed to catch me.

“ I have captured the angel sister. Come and reward me ”

“ You cheated, chasing me with no rest. ” I told Chris and drank a big bottle of water to recover from my tiredness.

“ But a promise is a promise, I'll reward you ”

I walked over to the back of the sofa and was taking off my thin tank top and white underwear, laying it on the sofa and walking out to Chris, now I'm naked for him to see. Chris blushed as soon as he saw my pussy and chest, and was about to put his hand on my pussy

But I covered my pussy with my white panties.

“ Well, enough, that's it, I just show you, not to catch it. ”

And I was back in the same clothes. As soon as I got dressed, Chris was no longer in the living room.

“ Chris, where are you? ”

“ I'm here ”

Chris was in the corridor of my house and walked into the living room.

“ Shall we watch television? ”

I asked Chris and slapped the empty space of the sofa. Chris sat where I slapped. He looked embarrassed sitting next to me.

“ Do you want to see something special? ”

“ N…..No, sister Angel wants to see anything. ”

I picked up the remote, changed the television channels all the time, and saw the movie I wanted to see.

“ Do you look at this? ”

“ Y…..Yes ”

I took some water from the fridge to prepare for a movie and drank one before. The movie was going on and Chris and I took turns drinking two glasses of cold water until half the movie was about to go. I felt the ocean waves inside me.I wanted to pee, but I didn't want to miss the movie I watched, so I kept holding it.

The movie progresses intensely. The ocean waves in my body were crashing non-stop, I became motionless and crossed my legs while sitting, but I wasn't the only one who wanted to pee. Chris, who was sitting next to me, was squeezing his thighs, and I asked Chris.

“ Chris Do you want to pee? I saw you squeezing your thighs. ”

“ Sis Angel is the same, isn't it? I've seen it since you've crossed your leg. ”

I was speechless hearing Chris responding like this.

Now the movie is approaching the Climax phase. The ocean waves inside me will erupt if I loosen my pussy I started filling my pussy with my hand and shook my ass.

“ AH! ”

The ocean waves inside me have escaped from my cunt, my underwear is all drenched in my sweat, so there are no dark spots on my underwear.

“ Angel sister Are you ok? ”

“ I'm fine Ah! ”

I leak again, I can't focus on the movie now. Chris was also squeezing his hand on his dick, but he wouldn't go to the bathroom. It took fifteen minutes to finally complete the movie. The ending credit is moving up, I can see the end of the credit. Me and Chris rushed to the bathroom and me, but Chris stopped before reaching the bathroom.

“ Angel sister I can't hold it ”

And the golden liquid erupted from Chris' pants. His pants were noticeably darker. That noise made me very uncomfortable, and I could grab my hand on the bathroom bolt, but……

( No, no, no, the door is locked. )

I ran to the locker and looked for the bathroom key, but I couldn't find it.So I ran to the spare locker, and my pussy was unable to resist the waves of my inner ocean, and a little spurt down to the ground.

( I can do it, I can hold it. )

I was easily able to find a spare toilet key and rushed to the toilet and the ocean waves erupted a little more.

( Don't come out Don't come out )

I got to the front of the bathroom and unlocked the keys in a hurry, now the ocean waves erupt, my pussy is nowhere to be eaten, and finally I unlocked the key. I opened the bathroom door and dropped my bottom. At the toilet bowl without having time to pull your underwear down or close the bathroom door

“ Haaaaaaaaaa ”

I don't care if Chris sees my current state, just let me pee in the bathroom. I'm glad

After a while, the pee sounded off.I got out of the toilet and walked to Chris.

“ Would you like to take a bath together? ”

I took Chris to the shower and pulled down his pants until he saw his lovely dick, and then we took off our clothes and got down to the bathtub. After the shower, Chris and I had to wear clothes, but his pants were still wet from the accident, so I washed his clothes and had Chris put on a towel. I was about to walk into the closet, but Chris grabbed my towel.

“ I'm embarrassed to show you. Can you not wear clothes until my pants are dry? ”

I lightly smiled and looked at Chris's face.

“ You want to see my body again. Okay, I'll be completely naked too. ”

I pulled off the towel that covered my body and pulled another Chris's towel.

“ Now we can see each other's bodies. ”

We waited until Chris' pants were dry. Chris and I were dressed back and walked over to the doorstep.

“ Are you going now? ”

“ Yes, my parents are returning. ”

“ Goodbye, angel sister. ”

“ GoodBye Chris ”

Angelica closed the door and cleaned her house and went on with her life.

End

