A near-disaster that happened to me yesterday due to government budget cuts

Author: RagingPython

*000*2019-07-02 06:35

Prefix: This is based off what really happened to me yesterday, and I’m only posting it in this forum so I can change some names and locations to not give away where I live.

The actual story:

Yesterday I woke up a bit early, and by a bit I mean I woke up at 4:30AM. Of course, this isn’t such a bad thing, as with the heatwave gripping England at the moment it gets so hot that I’ve been deliberately sleeping through the hot part of the day. Anyway, the important part was, I woke up at 4:30AM and by 5AM I was fully awake and ready to enjoy my day. Knowing that the weather was going to be sunny all day, and that the predicted temperatures were way too high, I decided to go out to the town early so that it wouldn’t be too hot.

This is the root cause of the incident later. I really should’ve realised that at 5AM none of the shops would be open, but I didn’t think that through, and since it had been so many months since I last went up to the town centre I didn’t remember when all the shops opened or closed. So I got dressed, putting on a rather plain but comfortable long skirt and a really comfortable, loose fitting, cool shirt, and went downstairs. I wasn’t hungry, as it was 5AM, so I just made a comically oversized mug of tea, filled up a 1L bottle of water, and drank a glass of Sprite. I sat in my living room for another half hour, drank my tea, grabbed my bag, and set off.

Now to most people, walking up to the town centre is probably a pretty common thing, but for me as someone who was stayed indoors for a week and gone an entire weekend without seeing any sunlight, it’s more of once every couple of months thing. But I still knew my way there, and I walked down to it. Other than getting honked by some assholes who ran two red lights and barely missed me, the trip was uneventful, and I soon arrived near the mall. I went past it and into the park nearby, a quite large, nice natural area with lots of trees and plants. I used to go there as a kid all the time, and I’m used to it being full of people, so it was quite surprising when it was completely empty. Nevertheless, I sat down on a bench and got a book out of my bag: Enid Blyton’s The Secret Island, a favourite of mine from when I was a young child. I saw it on a shelf for the first time in 8 years and decided to read it, and now was as good as a time as any.

Honestly, the weather was amazing at 5:30AM. (When I arrived in the park) To most people, it would probably seem too cold, as I think it was around 10 degrees, a stark contrast to the 35 degree midday weather and the 42 degrees my bedroom can reach with my PC running, but to me the weather was great. My comfortable temperature range is between -1 and 18 degrees, so 10 was lovely. There was a nice breeze, and the sun was hidden behind the plants, leaving me in the shade.

My reading was interrupted around 5:40AM however, by the appearance of a girl. I’m not sure of her age as I’m notoriously terrible with ages, but she clearly wasn’t a fully grown adult but at the same time I’m pretty certain she was at least 14. Probably 15-17. She arrived, and sat on a bench at almost the exact other end of the park in relation to me. I noticed, but I couldn’t really get a good look at her to see if she was someone I knew at that distance because my eyesight is astronomically poor and I need new glasses. I was expecting she’d leave after a while, so I wasn’t surprised when she got up; I was when she sat down again on a bench much closer to mine.

From this distance, I could see her in detail. This was when I guessed her age. I definitely didn’t know her, but she looked friendly and had a really nice pink hoodie. I smiled in her direction, and she smiled back, but that was the end of that interaction. I picked my book back up off my bench, and started reading, but I felt my bladder give a little twinge as I finished the chapter. I realised that I hadn’t been the bathroom as I left, but I ignored the twinge and returned to reading as I would just go later when it become more serious.

The girl opposite me stood up a little later, and paced about a bit before sitting back down. I didn’t pay much attention though, as I was still reading. I did notice however that she was moving around in her seat more than I expected, but I didn’t think much of it. It was only when she got up fidgeted a little, and moved onto a different bench, that I started getting distracted from my book and started watching her movements with some interest. So I put down the book, and acted like I was just observing the plants behind and around her, which in fairness were actually quite interesting, they’d changed completely since I last sat on a bench here in around 2013. Almost disappointingly she sat still after this for a couple of minutes, and I was about to pick up my book again when she suddenly crossed her legs and shook a little.

I tried not to think about the fact that this meant that she needed the bathroom too, now wasn’t the time. But she was definitely uncomfortable, legs crossed, moving around and fidgeting. As if sensing our shared predicament, my bladder gave a stronger twinge, urging me to look for a toilet. But I couldn’t leave now, I had to see what this girl did next. Besides, I was only a little full, I could wait. I got my bottle of water out of my bag and had a mouthful of it, probably not the smartest idea in hindsight, especially as I had been drinking from it periodically anyway. I then picked up my book and continued reading occasionally looking up to see if the girl was doing anything different.

After a while, she moved back to the bench opposite me that she sat at earlier, and uncrossed her legs. She was obviously struggling to sit still, but she was hiding her need much better. I looked down again read the next couple of chapters, only to be interrupted:

”U-Umm... hello?”, said the same girl, except now she was standing completely still in front of my, without even shaking her legs.

”H-hello...”, I replied, surprised to see her.

”So... what b-brings you here today?”, the girl asked.

”Oh... I-I just felt like g-going o-out... v-visiting... I-I mean, j-just going outside...”, I said quietly. I really should work on communication skills, when I’m not talking to someone I know I’m really terrible at talking to people. I used to be way better at this too, I don’t know what happened.

“I’m out here as I-I-“, the other girl started, before crying out: “A-ah! N-no...”, and grabbed herself hard on the crotch, dancing a little.

”S-sorry... I-I just don’t have an-anywhere else to-to go...”, explained the girl, who had managed to stand mostly still but was still holding herself.

I pretended not to notice, and asked her what she meant.

”I-I c-can’t... c-can’t go back home r-right now, for im-important reasons, but I-I really need to call someone... can I please have six... sixty pence for a payphone?”

”Wow, a-a payphone? I haven’t used one of them... w-well ever! I’m s-surprised you know h-how. But sure, here.”

I gave her £1.20 incase she needed a longer phone call, as I remembered my mum saying about how they charge based off of call length once.

”Th-thank you... This phone call is-is r-really im-important...”, she said, taking the money and putting it in her pocket.

Just as she was about to turn and leave, I asked:

”Are y-you all right? Your l-legs are r-really sh-shaking...”, unable to resist the desire to hear her explanation for her desperation.

”O-oh... y-you noticed, huh? I-I just... j-just really... r-really need the b-bathroom... I-I couldn’t go a-at home e-earlier... and I-I can’t g-go back y-yet... so th-this is a r-real problem...”

“I know where there’s some public t-toilets nearby, I could sh-show you.”

”N-no... I’ll be f-fine.”, she said, as she winked and walked away.

She sat on the far away bench she first sat on, meaning I couldn’t really observe her desperation anymore, disappointingly.

“What a weird conversation, I wonder who she was or why she wouldn’t tell me why she couldn’t go back home. Probably a runaway or something.”, I thought to myself, and went back to my book.

Unfortunately for me, I was really starting to feel the effects of that comically oversized mug of tea and that glass of Sprite I’d drank earlier. It was now around 6:20AM, and the twinging had been replaced by a constant, and growing urge, pressing on my bladder. I tried to ignore it, deciding to wait until later, but it was getting really distracting. Even trying to focus on my book couldn’t quite take my mind off of it. Not wanting to look like I needed to go in public, I pressed my legs a little closer together, taking the pressure off a bit while not looking too conspicuous. This made things much more manageable, but at 6:40AM I decided to go the nearby public toilets. So I got up, feeling the liquid slosh around as I moved, which didn’t help with my situation, grabbed my stuff, and started walking.

As I reached the first shops, I realised the flaw in my plan to go to the town centre at 5AM. They were all closed. All of them. Opening hours ranged from 7:30AM to 12AM, but none of them were open this early. But that didn’t bother me, I knew I could always wait until later. I continued towards the bathrooms, passing more and more closed shops. I had to take a different route to normal as I couldn’t take the usual shortcut through Poundland, but I eventually found them. Exited, I ran up to the doors, my bladder bulging slightly at the thought of release, only for the door to refuse to open. Looking up, I saw a sign:

”In order to reduce maintenance costs, these facilities will only be open between 10AM and 16PM. Sorry for any inconvenience caused.”

“WAIT WHAT!?”

“Sorry for any inconvenience!? It’s not something that monitor inconveniences you, not having a bathroom is serious! I swear, England’s been getting worse and worse since everyone started voting Tory...”

“Oooh... this is bad. I doubt I’ll be able to wait that long... I think I can hold it long enough to find somewhere else though, there’ll be 24-hour shop somewhere where I can relieve myself...”

I turned away from the door, noticing that although they had shut the toilets there was still a working water fountain nearby, so I used that to fill up my bottle of water which I had almost completely drained, adding another litre of water to my already full bladder. Walking away from the toilet block, as merely looking at them, even when they were closed, was making me want to go even more, I found a bench a little way away, and sat down. I squeezed my legs tightly together, as this street was deserted, which made holding it back easier. I then waited until 7AM, as I thought some shops might open at that time.

I got back up at 7AM, uncomfortably loosening my legs, and feeling the heavy load I was carrying press harder and harder on me... but I couldn’t give up. Not on a public street like this. I had a drink from my bottle of water, as no matter how desperate I still prioritise hydration. The feeling of the water running through made caused my bladder to give a powerful jolt, nearly causing myself to leak. But I withstood it, and headed back the way I came. I walked down past all of the shops, closed, closed, closed, closed, closed, closed, closed, closed, closed...

“There has to be somewhere that’s open, right? I need to use their bathroom so badly...”

I walked down into the main shopping street which led towards the centre area that connected to the mall. I couldn’t find any open shops. I eventually found one shop that was open, but it didn’t have a bathroom, even for staff, forcing me to wait even longer. I walked down the path to the mall, unsurprisingly no shops were open. I walked up to the mall, hoping it would be open, but the doors wouldn’t move, and I saw a tiny sign saying it wouldn’t open until 9AM. I turned away disappoint, and luckily spotted a sign, pointing me towards... some toilets! Excitedly I raced in the direction it pointed, and followed a second sign, directly into a set of glass doors. Which didn’t open. The bathrooms where within the mall. But the sign still pointed to them, and I could see the toilets, even the pink female symbol enticing me towards the girls’ room; so close, yet so far.

Begrudgingly, I walked away from the secondary entrance, and followed a pathway towards the high street.

“Ah... a-ahh... there has to be bathroom somewhere... hopefully on the high street I’ll find an open shop...”

I walked past a massive water feature, numerous fountains and water sprayers, which was naturally kept running 24/7 365 days a year, even in negative temperatures, because of course the council have the budget for an important thing like that, just not for something silly like toilets. My poor, aching bladder bulged as I walked past, I could feel the pee trying to force it’s way out. I had to stop and cross my legs for a bit after I got away from it, I barely managed to hold on.

”Thank god it isn’t raining... the sound alone might be too much for me.”

Eventually I reached the high street, having cut through a different park, and reached yet another disappointingly shut street. Although almost everything was closed, I saw two promising sites, a 24-hour McDonalds, and a Starbucks. The McDonalds was closer, so I went into there first, trying not to seem like I was too desperate. I walked towards the bathroom, it was a small shop, with a single bathroom for both disabled people, men, and women, but I didn’t care, I just had to pee. I push on the door and... *click.*

I wouldn’t open. I turned around, disheartened, and the staff on shift told me it was out of order for maintenance. I hurried out of the shop, feeling my bladder bulge harder than ever. Nevertheless, I moved onto the Starbucks. The doors were open, so I didn’t look for the opening hours sign. I ran in, and spotted a sign directing me to the bathrooms. I sprinted for them, so desperate, only to find that there wasn’t girls’ room! I’m not even joking, it sounds like something from some fan fiction, but there literally wasn’t one.

I searched the entire cafe. Men’s, disabled, staff, and then nothing. There were only 3 toilets, and there wasn’t one I could use. Normally though, I’d just bust into the men’s. But then I noticed something, the shop was silent. I turned around and looked to the counter. No one was there. I walked to the door, no one was outside, and then I saw the opening hours sign: it opened at 10AM. Someone had picked the lock or something and got the doors open, leaving the inside completely empty, as the shop shouldn’t open for another hour and a half.

I hightailed it out of there, desperate for somewhere to go. There was only one real big shopping area to go to, so I walked round to there. Again, all the shops were predictably empty, except for one, the newly-built (well, newly-built for me, I think it went up like 3 years ago but I’ve only seen it once before.) Morrison’s. All of it’s lights were on, so I ran towards it and...

“Yes! Yes! YES! It opens at 7AM! It’s open... I... finally... somewhere to pee...”

I sprinted towards the doors, they opened automatically, and I went into the main shopping floor, looking around for a bathroom. And I found one! I walked towards it, trying not to look bursting to the staff, and I walked in, opened the girl’s room, and it was being cleaned.

IT WAS BEING CLEANED.

Honestly, I don’t know if the world just had it out for me this morning, but every time I found somewhere, something got in the way. I sadly walked out of Morrison’s, feeling my need growing worse and worse, not even sure if I withstand the pressure long enough for them to finish cleaning.

I stepped out of the department store, wondering what to do next. It was 8AM by now, meaning 3 hours roughly since I last had a bathroom break. I was just considering finding either some bushes or ideally the council headquarters to pee in discreetly, when my stomach suddenly growled hungrily. Of course, I hadn’t had breakfast, had I? I decided to go and visit a restaurant I knew nearby which was open at this point, as it would make the hour or so until the mall opened much more bearable. I walked towards the entrance, trying my hardest to keep my panties dry. I was very full. I either had to fidget constantly or hold myself to even walk around, if I had to wait much longer I’d be squirming.

“Ah... o-oh... if I go in here I have to be absolutely sure I won’t pee myself... I could never live that down... I-I think I can manage, m-my dam will hold.”

I stepped inside, and sat down at a table with a booth around it in a certain way which meant it would be very hard to see my legs from most angles, and I then immediately crossed them as tightly as I could, continuing to squirm and fidget under the table. The waitress came over to me:

I ordered the same meal I buy every time I go here, along with my usual drink, a large mint-chocolate milkshake, instinctively. I realised my mistake as soon as it arrived; standing before me was a massive glass, the size of a medium sized vase, at least 2 pints at the minimum, probably about a litre.

“Oh god... why did I have to order that... I’m so full already...”

Despite my doubts that I could hold back another massive drink on top of everything else, I ate the meal, and drank the entire milkshake. I regretted it rapidly, as the second I tried to stand up I nearly lost control and had to fall back down onto my seat. Sitting down, I could mitigate the urge, but not while I was standing up. Eventually, I managed, barely keeping the seal intact by utilising all my willpower and strength. I asked the waitress if I could please use the bathroom before I left, as due to the size of this restaurant the toilet was on the second floor and had to be accessed through a locked door out the front of the restaurant.

”I’d love to let you, but I don’t have to key.”

”W-what... d-do you m-mean?”

”My boss has it, and she won’t be here for an hour or so. I wish she’d hurry, I need to go myself...”

”O-okay... th-thanks anyway...”, I said, and paid the bill.

Stepping outside into the colder air nearly made me explode, the sudden contrast causing the floodgates to nearly open. I squirmed around in the spot until the urge subsided somewhat, and slowly began to walk towards the park I was in earlier. I couldn’t wait much longer, I could explode any minute. And it was only 8:35AM. My poor, tortured bladder, pushed to its limits by council idiocy...

I managed to reach the park, and sat at my previous bench. But I couldn’t sit still this time, it was impossible to stop moving for even a second. I had to keep fanning my legs, alternating between crossed and double crossed, with both hands buried deep in my crotch, and even then it was nightmarishly hard to resist the desire to let it all come flooding out. I tried to distract myself, but I couldn’t. All I had to do was wait another 20 minutes, and the mall was really close...

“Nnngh... w-why... a-ahh... why did I d-drink that... I-I was b-bursting before, n-now I-I could e-explode any... o-ooh... s-second...”

Each minute felt like an hour. After about 5 agonising minutes, a little spurted out. After another 5, a much larger leak happened, but I held back most of the force. It felt like I was trying to fit an entire ocean into a glass, my bladder stretched like a water ballon, big and bulging.

“I-I must endure it... I-I can’t give in...”

I just about made it, the church in town rang out it’s 9AM bells, and I sighed with relief, if I hadn’t been trying to hold back a waterfall I would’ve jumped for joy.

“C-come on... j-just have t-to make it t-to th-the m-mall... j-just a little longer...”

I slowly stood up, bladder feeling heavier than my CRT TV, a bit more spurted out, causing a leak, but I stemmed the flow, and ignoring the slight black spot on my skirt I embarked towards the mall, trying to keep the floodgates closed.

I reached the secondary entrance from earlier, and sprinted in, before the automatic doors had finished opening. I ran towards the bathroom, my only goal being to get in there. I was nearly in a cubicle when my body realised there was nothing holding back the oncoming floodwaters from overflowing, overfill bladder, and it started coming out just before I was able to throw a door open and get into a cubicle.

It all came flooding out, most of it into the toilet, and it was honestly an incredible feeling. Although my panties got a bit wet, as I was wearing a skirt rather than trousers it was better than it would’ve been if I’d warn tracksuit bottoms like I considered before I left, that would’ve p been much worse.

End of story:

Wow, this is certainly the longest story I’ve ever written on here. Sorry for not posting in far too long, I got back from my holiday a while ago expecting to starting using this site more often, but I’ve just been so busy omorashi has barely been on my mind. I was gonna write something the other day, but then my chronic fatigue syndrome started acting up and I slept for 18 hours. Yesterday’s near-accident just gave me the incentive to post on here again.

*003*2019-07-02 19:05

{{4 hours ago, Sake said:

Just for the record, lots of people in the experiences section change details like that. I don't think anyone expects the stories there to be 100% accurate, but the main difference is they actually happened, and the stories here didn't.

}}

Yeah but this also didn’t end with me wetting myself. I could’ve put it there though, but I put most of my other stories here so I put it here.

