The Omoleague: a sport of their own

Author: Redboi

*000*2021-05-05 21:01

Imagine a stadium, packed to the thousands of women vigorously going through various challenges while dealing with desperation. Imagine the thousands watching broadcasts around the world of this main attraction. That’s what Sidney thought as she twiddled around her pencil in calculus class.

Imagine a girl having to hit three pointers while also having a desire to hold her crotch in pure desperation. She imagined it, she loved it. Sidney always loved two things ever since she was 12: sports and omo. The two seemed so... different, but Sidney was an innovator, she knew if she just put her creative mind into it, she’d be able to make something out of nothing. She just needed to test it out, but who would be her guinea pig?

She knew some of her friends would be on her cross country team, but only one in her opinion would be willing to try this out while running: Sasha. Sasha had always been open to trying wetting when Sidney recommended it for stress, she had taken to liking it, but obviously not in public and in front of her friends as well. She knew the only way was to try.

She approached her friend at lunch. “Hey Sasha, could I talk to you for a bit?”

Sasha turned around and smiled, “sure.”

”So girl, I have a proposition for you,” Sidney began, “I want you to not go to the bathroom until after practice today.”

Sasha gave her a confused look, “why is that?”

“Well I wanted to try an experiment. I want you to hold your pee while you run and tell me how difficult it is and how much it affects your performance.”

Sasha sat there in thought for a second. “Okay, I’ll do it, on one condition.” She smiled at Sidney, “if you do it with me. If I go down you go down too.”

Sidney nodded, “deal.”

Part 1: The experiment:

The rest of day went by as Sidney filled up on water and made sure to skip over the bathroom on her way to practice. She found all the other girls stretching and made her way over to Sasha.

Sasha was already visibly bouncing on one leg. “So, you ready?”

The look Sidney gave her told Sasha that her friend didn’t believe in her, she took this as a subtle challenge and stopped bouncing. “Of course, I’m not backing out, but are you ready to get left in the dust today Sidney?”

Sasha and her were always back and forth runners, always hounding on each other. Their 5k times were nearly identical, with both posting sub 19 minute times, the best on the team. Both girls were in extremely good shape and on the top of their games nearing postseason time. “When am I ever not?” That’s all Sidney needed to say before they were off.

Their normal days consist of a 5 mile long run (or 8k for everyone who isn’t American), which wouldn’t be hard at all for Sidney and her friend, but today proved to be quite a challenge for sure. Her and Sasha both after the first mile had separated themselves from the rest of the girls and were own their own. The first one to show signs of weakness was Sidney, who had moments where she would tip tap on the ground in an abnormal pattern. Whenever this would happen Sasha would look over at her and smirk. About halfway through and at Sidney was already struggling way too much. They stopped at the turnaround point.

”Need to pee Sid? You know you could always just go in those bushes over there.” Sasha said all of this with a big smile on her face. Sidney looked closer; she had to pee, she was absolutely sure, it’s just that she was really good at hiding it. “Well Sid, are you going or should we start back up?”

Sidney knew what she had to do, “let’s go.”

Sasha set off with a blast with Sidney by her side.

...

It took just 10 minutes for Sidney to realize her choice was a mistake as her bladder was filled to the max and she had no choice but to keep running to and hope to avoid public humiliation. She knew Sasha was at her limit too, as her friend was oddly on her tiptoes every time she took a step, and she stuck her butt in the air as if to keep her bladder from feeling the full impact of her stride. Still Sasha turned over to her, “you giving in Sidney? Come on we just have half a mile to go. I thought you were better than this.”

Sidney didn’t hear the last part, as she sprung a leak. She got it under control but she now felt a wet reminder of what just happened every time she lifted her foot off the ground. “Let’s keep pushing the pace.”

...

It was there, the school. Only it stood 400 meters away on the other side of the stoplight. Sidney noticed her friend was on the verge of her bladder exploding as well, so she got an idea. “Sprint the last 400?”

Sasha grimaced under her smile. “You’re on!”

At the signal they were off. Sidney saw the end. She was going to make it, she tripped on her own shoelace. She stumbled and struggled to keep her balance and when she got up she felt her crotch go warm. She was peeing, and she couldn’t stop it. Her pee flowed down her right pant leg and onto the concrete below, but Sidney continued to sprint her heart out all the way to the finish. Right next to her Sasha was keeping up as the two simultaneously crossed the pavement line and to their water bottles.

Sidney just finished peeing as she reached the pavement line and looked back. A near straight line of her pee stained around 200 meters of pavement, but it was weird because there was another near similar line of what looked like liquid right next to hers, but it wasn’t hers, it was Sasha’s.

Thanks for reading and to be continued.

