[Old Stories from My Blog]: The Girl with Big Boobs

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2025-12-31 09:45

The Girl With Big Boobs

Meet me, I’m Trina Stylez, 19, from New York! i am a student of engineering ! Being a student is sort of adventure in my especially exciting and happening life. I am a friendly and happy-go-lucky type of girl who loves to make friends and flirt and I love exposing my 38FF-24-36 figure! Ever met a girl with a figure like this! 38FF! my boob size and they are all naturall, perfect and outrageously sexy! I get a lot of praise and looks from everyone around me due to my habit of wearing extremely skimpy and painfully tight clothes which are very uncomfortable but hot to look at! My boobs are so naughty that they are ever-ready to pop out of my bra, no matter how tight they are!

But all this comes with a price. Being popular among my friends and classmates always keeps me away from attending my silly toilet needs, lolz. Besides my schedule is also very tight and I never find time to relieve my screaming bladder. I have to always hide my predicament and keep bouncing and laughing. I do this to make sure that no one should think that I’m weak. Many a times I refuse going to the bathroom when my female friends ask me to accompany them even after having a near to explode bladder. I feel that going for a pee is so childish and immature and most importantly weak! So to comply with these situations ever since I turned 16, I have been restricting myself to just two pees a day. But of late I realized that even twice a day is totally unacceptable for a girl like me. So I started restricting myself to just one pee a day. And I forgot to mention that carrying a overfilled bladder has become a huge turn on for me. But this often lands me in trouble!

One fine day it so happened that i woke up in the morning with a bursting bladder sloshing with pee worth 24hours boiling inside. My stomach was sticking an inch out but I quickly pulled it in thanks to my rigorous gym training. I was feeling naughty today so I decided to push myself to last another day without a relief.

My roommate Shyla came out of the bathroom and saw me. She asked me to get ready since we couldn’t miss the bus to the college. (P.S- even Shyla had a figure like me and was an exhibitionist). Today she wore a yellow fishnet top with butterfly pasties on her nipples and breezy orange micro skirt with a blue thong. Not to forget her 5” high pencil heels.

I quickly slipped out my one piece PVC night wear, had a bath. Seeing the WC in front and the flowing cold water was making me go nuts! I was about to give up just when I heard Shyla call me to hurry! I closed the shower tap off and hurriedly dried myself. I then wore my extra small and extra skin tight black PVC thong and another similar fluorescent green thong. Yes, I always wear to two thongs. It is ruthlessly uncomfortable since the tightness causes tremendous pinching and sweat inside but it looks absolutely hot and ravishing. 

I then wore my PICO skirt ( a skirt whose length is just an inch from the waist) with a broad leather belt. I then switched to my 36FF black push-up bra, as I couldn’t find a 38FF bra in any store! It looked incredibly sexy but it was very difficult to store the huge boobies in the such small confinement! I then applied lots of simmer gel to make it shine and attract crowd. Then I wore a tank top with a very deep neck line, no need to mention about its tightness. Finally I climbed on my 6” stilettos! And I did all these heroics with a bursting bladder and standing in front of a WC. I had to keep shifting and crossing my legs repeatedly.

I came out of the bathroom and while I was brushing my hair and unknowingly I happened to cross and recross my legs. So did I grab my crotch sometimes! Shyla saw that and asked,” Hey Trina, what’s wrong with u?” I was shocked to hear that and I immediately composed myself and replied,” No nothing!”

We went downstairs for breakfast after sometime. The land lady, as usual was disgusted to see our cute little dresses but didn’t say anything and quietly served us the food. I was damn uncomfortable and just couldn’t sit still. I had to double cross my legs tightly and was rocking back and forth. I began to doubt my abilities and was not sure if I would be able to wait an hour longer without visiting the toilet. Anyways I somehow concentrated on the breakfast and was really making efforts to keep my hands away from the crotch! Thru out the break fast I didn’t let shyla know about my condition and kept quiet!

By the time the breakfast ended I had chugged down 1 pint of orange juice, & 1 pint of water! After that I just calculated how much pee was sloshing in my bladder. It was then all hell broke loose! I had consumed 4 pints of liquid the last day and 2 pints now! 6 PINTS since last morning 6 and now it is 8 today (26 hours)!

A while later I and Shyla left for the bus stand which was half a mile from our room! Walking on such high heels with a overfilled bladder was too much for me. We both usually walk fast so it didn’t take too long to reach the bus stand. But by then I was in a big trouble, all the morning liquids of breakfast had hit my bladder faster than I could imagine!

I was helpless and was frantic for a pee. I was shivering and sweating with my efforts to hold on. I sat on a near by bench and my legs were twisted tightly and I held my breath to stop the flood gates from opening! I pretended to read a book but that didn’t last long and I finally decided to give up this mammoth hold.

Shyla was doing something with her mobile and I finally whispered with a great courage,” Shyla, I have to pee!”

“WHAT! Didn’t u take a pee pee in the bath?”, asked Shyla in a shock. “ I wanted to but I still didn’t! “, I replied with a strain.

” But why? “, she asked again!

“ I just wanted to push myself a little longer!”, I answered with half mind. “ U r a crazy girl! How long did u wish to control?”, questioned Shyla.

“ I wanted to release the flood tomorrow morning, if I would feel like! But I am pretty uncomfortable right now”, was my answer.

“ U already have 24 hours of liquid in ur bladder! And u drink so much in a day! That’s impossible! How could you even think so?”, exclaimed Shyla.

“ Listen! I don’t think I will be able to keep myself dry anymore! I’m going back to the room!”, I replied.

“NO! Don’t be a fool! U will simply forget ur silly toilet needs till tomorrow. Once said, u will have to do it! And remember the rule, no using foreign toilets!”, replied Shyla sternly.

The bus came in the mean time. And I had no choice but to climb up. Shyla sat beside her boyfriend and immediately started smooching and cuddling eachother and I decided to go to the last seat! But it was a wrong decision as the bus covered the distance each and every bump and every curve on

The road was hitting my poor bladder like a hammer. I was sitting on my heels since my hands were busy preventing my naughty boobs popping out of my bra. The road was really bumpy and my boobs were bouncing like hell and all the boys in the bus were ogling them. to take my mind away from my bladder I started playing with my boobs and teasing them.

But in spite of that I just couldn’t take my mind off my bladder. I wanted to touch and squeeze my crotch however my principles never allow me to touch my crotch when I’m not at home no matter what! After half an hour of excruciating trouble and near wetting situations we reached college. And now it was time to get down. But Shyla called me and I had to comply. I mustered all my courage and stood up but the very next moment I fumbled! And I lost a small spurt! I immediately stopped and looked down with horror but fortunately nothing came out due to my highly tight thongs. I crossed my legs and slowly came out and all the boys behind me were watching my sweaty and shiny thongs and ***! I could hear their fast breath and few of them even started ************. I simply love to see boys getting weak at their knees due to me!

Anyways we soon reached the corridors and my eyes fell on the sign of the restroom. I started moving in that direction. Just when Shyla pulled me back! I again lost a spurt and this time a droplet started making its way down my leg. Although it didn’t show much since my legs were already shining due to the gel!

“ Try…try…to understand Sh..Shyla. I can’t handle the pressure anymore. Plz let me go to the toilet”, I begged Shyla!

“ That’s ur mistake. And I’m not going to allow u to break ur prestige for some useless relief. No foreign bathroom!”, replied Shyla, “ and look at ur skirt ! y do u wear such skirts? People can see everything!”

“ Shyla!... What’s the use of wearing a miniskirt….if… if people can’t see what color…. And…. make ur undies are! And.. my thongs very well….co…cover my privates ha ha!”, I tries to argue,” Besides ur fishnet top and ur pasties don’t leave much for imagination!”

Shyla kept quiet and later we reached the class. It was 9 now and I had 6 pints in my bladder still without any relief. I went straight to the last bench to sit beside my crush, Mark!

Mark is the only guy in the class who would talk to me looking into my eyes and not my cleavage! He would always give honest opinions on anything I would ask him and is very chivalrous. He is equally naughty and would tease me at times but I like it so much. I was so much in love with her. And did I mention he is the only guy in the entire college who never goes to the toilet and never shows any signs of desperation. I still remember the weekend trip of three days wherein he didn’t relieve his basket ball sized bladder for the entire duration of about 80 hours. And I had to pee thrice! What a shame for me!

Anyways, back to the class! I sat close to him as usual and taking inspiration from him I decided that I would not let him know that I’m in dire need to go to the toilet. Instead I will not even show the slightest signs! But easier said than done!

As the class progressed my condition worsened and out of habit I kept drinking water from my bottle. By the end of first half I was panting and sweating badly. I did not know I was shivering and moaning under breath. I had clenched my teeth and my fists were closed tight. My toes were curled and legs double knotted tightly. I wanted to sit on my heels but it would draw unnecessary attention from Mark. So I kept fighting a losing battle, concentrating all my energy on my lady muscles.

It was 1 pm now. The bell rang and it was lunchtime now. I was horrified coz now Mark would ask me to accompany him to the canteen! And lo! He did it. And as a girl I would never let him know my condition so I giggled and agreed!

My bladder screamed from inside to let go but I was with my dream boy! I couldn’t. it was becoming increasingly difficult to pull my belly to make my abs look flat and sexy! My bladder badly needed some room to contain more hot pee but I was adamant on looking flat. I had to face the worst spasms of my life in the next few minutes as I kept jumping, bouncing and joking with my friends and walked sexily on those heels without giving any time to my bladder to relax! Every step, every jump and my bladder was growing more ferocious to flood!

I happened to pass the ladies room and my pressure reached new extremities of pain and desperation!

“ U need a pee pee?”, asked Mark.

“ No..i can wait!”, I replied like a fool!

“As u wish!”, replied him and forgot! But I couldn’t as it was my best chance to get rid of this mammoth never ending desperation and also Shyla was not around.“ I HAVE TO HOLD! I MUST HIDE MY NEEDS!”, I repeated in my mind. We entered the canteen and Mark spotted one vacant chair. He quickly grabbed it and asked me to sit over his lap! I was on cloud nine! But I was equally tensed as I could explode any time. However I was more than ready to hold my nasty fluid inside as long as Mark would be with me!

So I took a deep breath and sat on his lap. My lips were clenched tight and closed very hard. I was getting wet and was hugely turned ON! I sat in such a way that I could feel his big ****. His **** was hard and throbbing as I could expect but what came as a shock to me was his bladder. I could never guess that beneath his white shirt he was hiding an exploding bladder as hard as cast iron. I started bouncing on his bladder again and again hoping that he would succumb to the wild pressure and run to the toilet. But I realized that he was enjoying it and he just grinned at me seeing my big boobs getting wild and ready to pop out of my small bra! He quickly gave a squeeze to my boobs and I was like “WOW!”

I stopped bouncing and looked into his eyes and he did the same. And sparks flew! Within a second our lips met! We smooched eachother and our senses went wild. We nestled into eachother. He kept squeezing my boobs and I was bouncing on his ****! And our groans were so loud. We were sweating and panting hard. Our passions knew no bound and I completely forgot about my pressing needs to answer nature’s call!

Around 5 minutes later the beautiful kiss was reluctantly brought to an end by us. Both of us were panting and I was sweating so badly that my thin and extremely tight orange top was sticking to my wet skin making it totally transparent!

But within a second all hell broke loose and my bladder reminded me of its presence. I felt so heavy and pee rushed to the flood gates almost releasing my 31 hours pent up pee. I lost a drop but this time I couldn’t help and had to grab myself. He asked me if I was ok and I lied yes!

Then onwards time passed very fast, we had an extra spicy pizza with a giant enormous coke which measured a pint! It was 2pm now, 32 hours and 7 pints. Once in the class I sat as sill as I could and I was on my heels. Time passed very slowly and I never knew how and when did I sip one more pint of water. By 4pm I couldn’t hide my groans and it was now obvious to Mark that I had to pee real badly. I didn’t bother who saw me but I was just concentrated on holding the flood back till I got back to home!

But there was one more hour for the day to end and I was not at all sure if I could prevent the inevitable. I was bouncing and was compelled to sit on my heels! but it was useless! The hour seemed to be like a millennium with maths banging my head. I had no choice but to allow my bladder to expand! It gave me immediate relief and somehow I was back in control! But within a minute or two i was dying again for a relief and i started rocking back and forth!

The class ended soon! And as Mark would do daily he called me up for the nearby café to have tiffin with him! I was stupefied because even the slightest movement could bring a tsunami which i had been resisting since last 35 hours! I wanted to accompany him but i also needed a bathroom break. but i realized that Mark was more important and I had to again pull my belly in! And this time it was too much for me! A small squirt escaped again and I screamed,” No! not now!” This time I thought that if Mark asks me to visit the ladies I would run! But something else happened!

Mark looked shocked and asked,” Trina! Will u be able to control urself till u get home!”

I however wanted to hear something else! I wanted him to let me go to the toilet but alas! “ Oh! Don’t worry! Its just a slight urge. I will hold my pee in always! My thongs are so uncomfortable! “, I giggled! I just looked at Shyla who was leaving with her Boyfriend! Her so beautiful long legs were shivering with her efforts to hold her pee in! she was a girl who would pee twice a day so it was obvious that she would get desperate by now!

Anyways I and Mark soon reached the Café on his bike. Sitting on the bike with legs apart was absolute hell and all the vibrations from the engine and the road bumbs.I was biting my lips and my toes curled tight with my relentless efforts to avoid a flood! I wanted to get down and pee but I was a girl and had to be disciplined in these matter so I kept quiet and suffered under my breath!

Once inside the café I had to be my own self and keep playing pranks! Mark loved me for my bubbly and naughty nature! To keep the things look normal i cracked jokes, some dirty and naughty jokes. he even took the liberty to slid his hands under my tight top and sometimes he would pinch my *** too! i was hugely turned on. so was he. but at that time i just wantedto go to the toilet for my dear life!

Time passed by I had chugged down two more pints and my bladder was bloating now. I was tensed and all i could think about was having a pee break.But I had to keep my hands away from my sweaty and itching crotch and I couldn’t help giving a quick squeeze every time he was not looking.

Just then my eyes fell on thesigh of the ladies room and my desperation increased by leaps and bounds! I immediately stood and started moving towards the ladies and just then he pulled me. I admitted that I had to relieve my bladder b’coz I was now close to having an accident but my desires won and I grabbed my crotch and started smooching him! i was heroically controlling my needs and was panting with my efforts!Sometime later as the kiss came to an end my eyes fell on the watch and it was 7pm!

I was late for the gym so I again had to suppress my needs.He asked," Don't u want to use the washroom?"

My eyes twinkled with happiness! But then i replied," i am dying to but i will still not go! I am late for the gym and its more important!" He was taken aback but u know that girls often have to keep delaying the sweet relief!

I asked him to drop me at my home. Soon we reached home and found Shyla waiting for me. I quickly changed into my extra tight sports bra and my super tight spandex shorts! We soon started walking for the gym which was at the next corner! I was pushing myself a bit too much since there was no toilet at the gym and we had a session of an hour and a half!

I counted the drinks at the café and the total time. I had 9 pints of liquid and had been without a single visit to the toilet for over 37 hours. So u can very well imagine my plight. Walking was getting unbearable and I had to stop so many times to cross my legs and breath hard! Shyla was getting irritated and asked me to stop over acting. At that time I showed her the bulge of my bladder which was now 3 inches! She was shocked but to cover it up she said that she could easily hold more than it. I felt like hitting her nose but kept quiet and focused on walking!

At 7.30pm we reached the gym! The next one and a half hour were killing. 5 miles on the mill, 5 miles on the cycle and a set of 100 for six different exercise was making my bladder go frenzy. I had to stop often in between to prevent the flood gates from opening but being in a public place i had to pretend that i was just resting. i was solely dependent on my muscles which were badly exhausted. but i knew they would not get any rest for sure!

It was only me who could understand my pain! But then I remembered Mark and how he had an iron like bladder and I fought with every spasm, every twinge, every pressure wave successfully without touching my crotch even once and I was laughing and joking all the time since then. 

Shyla was shocked the sudden change in me and at the end of the session appreciated me a lot. I came out from the gym as if I never had to pee and I walked with confidence. I felt as if I was in dream but It wasn’t so! Mark’s love gave me the strength!

And the moment we reached the room I threw myself on the couch, double locked my legs tight and shoved my hands into the crotch! B’coz by then my bladder had started protesting against the hour long torture at the gym!

It was now 9 pm. It had been 39 hours without a chance to relieve! I was squirming like crazy. Just when I got up to got, our land lady called out for dinner. We slipped into loose tops with skin tight lingerie of course and went downstairs. I tried my best not to squirm or fidget but I involuntarily did it. Somehow by 10 with one more pint of water we cam upstairs. I decided to give up the hold and finally started stepping towards the bathroom. Just when Shyla pulled me and shouted,” where the hell do u think were u going? U will hold it the entire night!” saying this she locked the bathroom and kept the keys in her tight panties covered by her one piece similar to me!

I was moaning under her breath. I wanted to have the keys but I could not fight with her for the fear of wetting!

Later on by midnight Mark sent me an sms and thereafter we had a long chat. It was now 3am and I had virtually forgotten my need to pee. And soon I fell asleep!

At 7 I woke up! 49 hours and passed since I went to the toilet and I was happy that I would finally relieve myself. Although I wanted to wait a bit longer just to have more fun! But I was also fidgeting like mad and was absolutely frantic to let it go! I slowly started walking towards the bathroom Shyla said that there was no toilet paper! I was like “**** U OFF!” but I simply nodded and tried to calm my bladder which was so close to relief. And with these sudden tantrums of my bladder I was secretly turned on.

“U r an adult and u must know that u cannot pee unless u have everything set right! So u will have to wait for 24 hours more! I actually used it up since not much was left!”, said Shyla with a wide grin!

I was tensed but at the same time I wanted it to happen. I wanted to get more and more desperate and have a great time trying to hide my predicament in front of Mark and yet let him tease me. I went to have bath and having a shower was quite a task but somehow I didn’t let my flood gates open! After the shower I put on my bright yellow pasties on my nipples. Put two latex thongs, the black one was beneath the yellow ones! And then I dressed myself in my completely transparent black micro dress! I was feeling so sexy in it and I had to constantly pull my 2.5” bulging bladder to prevent the ultra tight dress from tearing apart!

By 9am we reached college tolerating the same problems of bumpy roads like yesterday! Mark came and sat beside me. Seeing my legs crossed tightly and me rocking back and forth he asked if I was ok!

“Remember Mark I needed to visit the restroom yesterday at the café?”, I whispered,” I am still holding!” I chuckled.

“That’s hot! And how long had it been?”, he questioned.

“ I pee only once a day, but yesterday morning I was feeling naughty and so decided to skip my urgently needed pee and today there was no toilet paper. So u can see I had been holding for around 52 hours. We girls have to be strong; I didn’t even let a drop escape! And I will have to hold back all the flood till tomorrow morning!”, I replied.

“Wow! That’s heroic! U girls really know how to control yourself! Even I had been holding for around 75 hours, I was thinking of giving up this evening but now I think I too will not visit the toilet!”, replied Mark.

“75 hours! Its impossible for any boy to do so! Only girls can push their bladders! U r faking it!”, I teased him!

“Yeah I know that’s a common belief but someone had to change this. So I have been training my bladder to sustain ultra high pressures all the time without a leak! And if u feel I’m faking it u can punch my bladder and see how hard it is! I did punch him and like a hero he sustained that punch on his bladder with just a moan and I realized that his bladder indeed contained a hot sea of pee!

Mark was driving me crazy! and his 75+ hours locked bladder with a big hard throbbing **** was making me wet. and to add to it my own over stretched bladder was making me go nuts! Time was passing excruciatingly slow but on the contrary our bladders were filling rapidly than ever.

By the lunch time, we had consumed two more pints of water and we entered into an unsaid holding competition. we were trying to act as normal as humanly possible. It was indeed ecstatic to see Mark squeeze his restless **** occasionally! i left no stone unturned to make sure he gets more and more desperate!

The other half after the lunch was hell as we two got punished since our teacher saw us flirting and touching eachother. we were made to stand on the bench. i was frozen with fear becoz by then 57 hours and 80 hours had passed for me and Mark and we seriously could not do without holding and clutching! i was bent forward and i just couldn't part my legs, they were tightly twisted and i was finding it very difficult to balance. just when the teacher shouted and it was so sudden that i lost a small spurt and a few drops rolled off my legs. i was so horny by that and at the same time tensed too. and i was moaning under pleasure, all i could think was SEX and holding pee anyhow.

In the meanwhile Shyla sent me an sms on my mobile. It started to vibrate and i had to bend down to get it and due to it my bladder which was already compressed under my belly got further squeezed and i again shot a spurt however it was not that big. a chill went down my spine and now i did not have the guts to stand again but the teacher yelled at me and this time he asked me to stand on one leg. imagine my plight, i was almost naked, i did not go to the toilet for last 58 hours, gulped almost 5 liters, i was in a class,and most importantly i was standing beside my dream boy! I HAD TO HOLD MY PEE!

I breathed deep and stood up at once lifting my left leg in air. my sky scrapper stilletos made it impossible to stand on one leg. i almost tipped and fell, just when Mark slid his arm on my waist and pulled me towards him. i was sweating and shivering with my efforts and could even sense how strained was Mark to deal with his own toilet needs but he won't show it in front of me. He was my hero.

3 hours passed like that and now it was 6pm, i touched 60 hours and for him it was the 85th hour. Later after the classes were over we again went to the cafe and Mark ordered drinks after drinks for him to stretch his bladder even more. it was absolutely crazy for him to do so. i asked hime why was he doing so? he answered that his catsuits and constrictive clothing could not be opened before he reached home and so to carry the general day to day activity should not be stopped just becoz he had to pee. he would drink more and contain it like a MAN! I was mighty impressed by that and i couldn't let him suffer alone so i too drank alot. albeit i could not keep my hands away from my crotch like he did and suffered the misery while trying to smile and bounce.

But the first thing i had to do after getting to my room was to pee hoping that Shyla would have brought the much needed toilet papers. i could have used the restroom at the cafe but I thought how badly mark was suffering so why not i! so i decided to control my pee till i got home. by 9 he dropped me and the seat of his bike was little wet as i could not suppress the force. he kissed me and wished me luck so that i could make it dry to the bathroom and left! i now slowly walked to my room only to find....

I reached my room only to find that Shyla had left a note saying that she was out for the weekend (that was a friday) with her boyfriend and she would not return until Monday! And she did not get time to bring the toilet papers! *******! I exclaimed with my hands jammed in my crotch and hurriedly ran down to ask my land lady if she could lend me some toilet paper but she refused flatly. i pleaded her like no tomorrow but she did not melt. i had my dinner and came upstairs only to hold it for another night. i messaged Mark that i could not pee and would not pee till the next day and explained him the whole scenario. he called and encouraged me to hang on! and to inspire me he said that he too wont relieve himself till i got a chance!

I felt like kissing him and the following night i kept chatting and texting him and flirting! it was morning 6, 72hours for me and 97 for him. i asked him for a video chat and he showed me how swollen his bladder was and how difficult it was for him to keep it pulled inside to show his 6 pack abs!

By 9am i ran down to have my breakfast and that was when all hell broke on me! i thought of going to the market and bring toilet papers but my land lady said that she would be out for the day and so i had to stay in till she returned! More hours of agony but nothing could be done. the entire day passed and that ***** locked her toilet and went! she came next morning, 100 hours for me and still holding and that day the market would be closed! so i was compelled to hold it for the next 24 hours! my bladder was growing every second.

In the evening at around 110th hour i again messaged him to see how was he doing, the reply shocked me since he still didn't pee and he had been true to his words. But there was more in store Shyla informed that she would come to college directly the next day.it meant that now i would have to hold for the entire monday too. absolutely no relief! no peeing!

On monday, i met Shyla and her jaws dropped when i told her that i have not peed since the last 124 hours! and still my abs looked flat! she felt it and exclaimed that it was hard as iron! But i stayed brave the entire day although in spite of Mark's presence i could not avoid spurting and crotch grabbing. he did not mind and instead he kept encouraging me and helping despite his own 150 hour unrelieved bladder! We though that it would be our last day of agony so we tried some diuretics to endure more pain! by 9pm i couldn't even stand and same was the case with him. but we had to leave, so we firmly held eachother'e hands and holding our breath we left the cafe. every one was staring at our basket ball sized bladders and we kept giggling!

But things never go as u think! that day we were given a lot of home assignments and Shyla decided that rather than wasting time for going to market to bring the toilet paper it would be better that we complete the assignments. i wanted to kill Shyla becoz by night the pains of desperation had become infinite and she was asking to hold it for another 24 hours! Unbelievable! but then again in some part of my mind i wanted it to happen, i wanted to exploit my bladder, to keep pushing it,and filling it more and more and grow more and more desperate! also studies were definitely more important that peeing!

That night i could hardly use my hands for writing more than 3 words at a strecth. i was bouncing and moaning and my extra tight clothes and of course my underwears were getting wetter by the minute but i did not want to give up!

At midnight i got a message from Mark asking if i had peed, i replied no! he was shocked! he said that he was at the end of his tether and needed to go the toilet. i felt sorry for him but let him go! The rest of the night he kept encouraging to hang on and on! the next day too i could not pee since the following day was Valentine's Day! and we two had to go shopping for that. and in our shopping spree i forgot that i needed some toilet papers to relieve my 180 hours full bladder which was nearly tearing apart with hot oceans of pee sloshing inside. i had tears in my eyes with the painful efforts to squeeze my bladder inside to make my abs look flat and sexy! I had to be a sexy girl who simply cannot and must not pee till conditions are right! Besides Mark too was with me but he was more active than ever since he was enjoying an empty bladder.

The next day was the Valentine's Day! It was morning 6am and i was resisting a killing pressure of 192 hours of 15 liters of hot pee, all by my muscles. And Shyla was teasing me that i would wet myself any moment. But i hardly paid any heed to it. all i could think was of Mark and to keep myself dry the entire day! not even a spurt! i was doing the kegel exercise like hell for the enitre night and it did help me to hold in spite of tired muscles.

Since the midnight so many boys proposed me to be their valentine but i din not get any message from Mark and so i was sad and tensed and all of these made me want to pee more! but no pee was allowed to come out!

Soon i dressed myself in my new Super sexy,extra small and extra tight one piece micro night wear with inbuilt undies. it was crimson in color but completely transparent and i decided to go sexier and naughtier than ever. i took a diuretic and drank a liter of water, wore two killing tight latex thongs of white color and wore the 100% transparent dress. that dress was 3 sizes smaller than what i actually needed and i was feeling very uncomfortable in it. but that was not all, since my 38DD boobs hardly contained in it and in spite of it being transparent i did not cover my boobs and every body could see my naked boobs including my nipples. it was incredibly sexy and at the same time outrageously sexy! I added it with my 7" pencil heels and luscious red lipstick and lots of shimmer gel to make my cleavage shine like hell!

It was all just to impress and seduce Mark! But i did not know what surprise did Mark have in store for me! By 9, i.e. at 195th hour with 17 liters (1 liter with diuretic and another with breakfast), i and Shyla reached the bus stop with baby steps and of course both of us were dying to pee! And soon i hear a roaring super bike approaching us very fast and to my surprise it was MARK! And he had a great gift in store for me....

And soon I heard the roar of a super bike fast approaching us! It was MARK!

I simply couldn't believe it! For a second I completely forgot about my bladder seeing my Knight shining in the morning sun!

I simply did not what to do! With great efforts and determination I waved at him! I almost leaked a spurt! Mark came to a screeching halt right in front of me! He quickly jumped off his bike and came close to me!

Without caring about anyone else around or anything else in the world Mark grabbed me tightly by my waist and pulled me very close to him! Even before I knew what was going to happen next or could react on the severe jolt on my bladder almost opening my floodgates he gave me a hot, sensuous smooch and I melted in his arms! I smooched him with even more desires and let the lust wrap us!

After a long never ending kiss we somehow controlled ourselves and with heavy panting and sweating we brought the wonderful moment to an end! By that time I had many electrifying mini

****** and my p*ssy was throbbing! I had become even more desperate than humanity would allow me to but my desires and love juice over came the need and somehow I stood dry and so did he! Both of us grinning like maniacs because we knew where it was going!

In the meanwhile our land lady happened to see us doing those feats and had gone mad over it! She came there and midst the street yelled at me that she didn't want any misbehaving teenager like me to be her tenant! So she asked me to vacate out! Mark looked at her and said, 'Trina will be leaving with me from now on'

I couldn't believe my ears! I was finding myself falling more and more for him! He was my hero! The bus arrived by the time and they left off but Mark took me to college. I don't remember a single boy who didn't try touching my boobs or hugging me tight. But Mark didn't let them succeed since he knew, the slightest pressure on my super swollen but compressed bladder can explode oceans of pee! I walked with baby steps and I was starting to doubt if I could wait any longer!

But he helped me hang on and said that he would let me use his bathroom once we reach home after the 'Red Demons' party! That was the biggest and the sexiest, wildest and the hottest Valentines Day party of the entire world!

I begged to him to let me relieve myself so that I could have fun to my hearts content at the party! But he refused saying that holding and hiding such an overfilled bladder will add more thrill to their time. I did not know what to say so i agreed.

But with every passing second in the college i felt myself becoming closer to disaster. I would grab the hem of my tight transparent chemise dress that i wore whenever a wave hit me hard! I was somehow trying hard to keep my hands away from my privates.

Seeing that he whispered in my ear,' Trina you are today's eye candy! How can you even acknowledge or do something that will make u look like a schoolgirl? U can hold it and hold it as long as u don't go to a bathroom!'

Saying this he stroked by p*ssy over the thong instantly making me horny and forgetting my needs! and he kept doing so the entire afternoon but once it was accompanied by loads of drinks and water all time. I could see he was so turned on by my desperation that I would kiss him tight after every glass of drink that i would drink or make him drink because i wanted to see him desperate too!

I don't know how time flew by and now I had been resisting my needs since last 204 hours, my body trembling and sweating while I keep fighting my needs and try to look normal but then the inevitable happens....

I had been resisting my needs for 204 hours! The pressure is too much to resist the ladies room right ahead of me but Mark has made me too horny to accept defeat! But the inevitable happens...I spurt! and it was too much for my tiny thongs to handle! It leaked on to the bench and dripped on the floor after flowing thru my legs!

I immediately became upright and unknowingly a groan escaped from me! Everyone started looking at me and Mark was surprised too! I cursed my bladder! How could it make me look so weak in front of my hero! I had to be strong and keep on holding! He came and sat beside me and saw me blushing!

" I m sorry sweetheart! I just leaked!" i whispered.

" Its fine! Now that u have let out some U can surely hold it for a few more days!", he answered with a grin on his face.

"I....i want that to happen....be desperate, be frantic, be always dying for a pee but never go.... but its impossible at this stage, after 8 and a half day!", i tried to answer in a strained voice.

Mark kissed me tight holding me by my waist. I melted in his arms, and said, " I will hold it for you! as long as u keep me turned on and satisfy my desires!"

We soon left from there and now it was time to get to my old room to fetch my belongings, to be honest just my huge collection of skimpy outfits! While riding the bike i almost dig my fingers in his chest. I was reciting to myself, " just a little more....just a little more. " but deep inside i knew that it was going to be an indefinite hold!

After we reached there, we both got to my room and soon started packing my stuff. although Mark was the only one who was doing that I was sitting stiff with my legs twisted like a prestel and eyes fixed on the door of the bathroom. an hour later we left there fortunately i was still hanging on!

My bladder was spasming like mad, and my muscles were begging to let go and the cold weather was making me go crazy! My outfits barely cover anything and I could now feel how uncomfortable it could be in cold especially when I have been putting off my bathroom breaks for so long!

We reached his apartment! We were in the lift when we again started smooching each other to keep ourselves warm. After entering his grand apartment he took me to his bedroom straight.

" Remember i said that I had a surprise in store for you! " , Mark said! " Y...yes', i answered slowly biting my lips out of lust!

He removed his shirt only to show me a high grade latex torso wrapped tight around his torso. I was shocked to see that. When i felt it, it felt as if it was real flesh. But is til didn't get what the surprise was!

Finally he said," Remember when i said that day i had peed! Actually i hadn't and am still holding the same mass of pee since last 232 hours!" I couldn't believe my ears simply until he removed it and i found how much effort he was applying to contain that load inside. There was a huge bulge! It must have had been extremely painful for him to hold it so long and yet behave perfectly normally and yet drink so much extra just for me.

I sank down! I felt so ashamed as I was making a fuss after holding for just 207 hours! but honestly i was at my limits! i wanted to make out with him, have sex with him! I was so horny that i could

****** instantly! we smooched again with more lust than ever! I tore off all my outfits and asked him to give me what i needed for since so long!

Mark refused saying it had to be more intense and we need to be even more desperate! I hurriedly agreed! But that meant putting off the break again but I was ready now with new vigour.

We went to the party, I was just in a tiny barely there shining red latex thong, which just covered my privates and yet exposed more than any one could take! I had beautiful heart shaped pasties on my nipples, a long pearl necklace he gifted me and of course 7" stilettos with pointed heels making it impossible to stand. He wore a few latex briefs too tight for him, a latex jeans and a transparent shirt. he was looking ravishing! We had to endure an overnight drinking party holding our over filled painful bladders while keeping it compressed by our own!

The theme was dare bare for girls and rubber clad for guys! We rocked the party and won the best couple competition of "Hottest Hunk and Sexy Siren" drinking completion as well as the longest smooching competition! All the other couples gave up out of sheer desperation as the smooching comp' was held right after the drinking competition and there were no washroom facilities! We won a 4 day trip to Goa! I was on cloud nine but there was another problem that the flight was scheduled the next day at noon so we didn't know if we could get everything ready in time but Mark's contacts made sure of that!

We returned at 6 in the morning absolutely bursting as if there was so much pee in our body that our teeth was awash with that! I seriously contemplated going to pee. But Mark went ahead and locked the bathroom door and turned slowly and said," Control urself till we return from Goa! "

My eyes popped out of horror! Impossible! But if he could hide his needs like that why can't i push myself even harder! Never in my dreams could I think a liitle naughtiness would turn into an entire fortnight of bladder bursting! I was beginning to think as if I could put off my needs as thru out my life but the very next moment a huge sharp wave of desperation hit me that I almost fell! Mark grabbed me!

" Don't worry! I won't let it come out! " I said slowly! All i could remember is the next 4 days were absolute torture for us! No bathrooms in sight, not allowed to go even at hotel, those teeny weeny outfits of mine and bondage of his, beach water, hell lot of drinks all day and yet we were supposed to suppress our screaming calls of nature!

Every night Mark would let me relax my muscles leading to a humongous bulge as if 2 basket balls were packed inside my bladder but he would continue to pull his abs. he did so because he was supposed to be strong just like i wanted him to be!.

Finally we returned home! And then began our endless sex and smooching without caring for our bladder! In spite of orgasmic so many times we were still horny! A day later that is complete 14 days of holding for me and 15 for him we tried searching for the bathroom key but it seemed that we had lost it!

Our bladders could take not a drop more and had to be emptied! But how can the "Hottest Hunk" and "Sexy Siren" relieve themselves without a proper bathroom and fall weak! NO WAY!

So here we are still holding with all our courage and might! We know someday or the other which is not very far away we are going to flood the apartment but for now we will hold and hide our needs, flatten our abs, drink gallons and pretend that there's not even the slightest urge to pee when there's an ocean of boiling pee inside trapped!

We will hold on and on and on..... Keep holding!

- - -

*002*2026-01-01 11:11

{{10 hours ago, FullBladder85 said:

This one is easily my favorite story that you've ever written, though Desperate Dusky is a close second.

}}

I am glad to hear this. Dusky is one of the least remembered characters but she is definitely not someone with a forgettable capacity 😉

Thank you for reading this one and showing appreciation...

*004*2026-01-01 17:49

{{24 minutes ago, Stu1313 said:

Very well written, and great descriptions. 👍👍😃

}}

Thank you so much @Stu1313

! 😍

