Johnny has to pee

Author: Reddy5423

*000*2021-12-20 02:33

FICTIONAL STORY!!!

Both characters in this story are about 18 years old. Johnny was wearing his usual school uniform: a red shirt and shorts (royal blue with a red stripe on both sides).

Johnny arrived home with a very full bladder, since he had held his piss all day long at school. He opens the door and rushes to the bathroom as the piss was about to splash out. However, when he arrived in the bathroom, the door was closed. He was nervous since he knew he couldn't hold it anymore. He desperately knocked at the door.

JOHNNY: Hey, is anyone there? I have to pee so bad.

JOHNNY'S BROTHER: Hey, little bro. I'm jerking off now, so... just wait a few more minutes, and I'll be done.

JOHNNY: I really can't hold it anymore, I'm about to leak.

JOHNNY'S BROTHER: You're a grown-up boy now, I'm sure you can hold it.

JOHNNY: Fuck!

Johnny is quite used to holding his pee for long periods. He often takes his first piss in the morning and then holds it until 4 PM, when he arrives home. He never uses the school bathrooms, because he's shy and also because they are dirty and stinky. But today it's very bad. He has rarely needed to pee this bad before. His bladder is so full that it is aching. Without any other choice, he just had to hold it until his brother finished jerking off.

He then went to his bathroom and lay on his bed. Laying down is certainly not the best position for holding a bursting bladder, so it made Johnny's situation worse. He decided to watch some videos on YouTube to distract himself, but it didn't help at all. He simply couldn't forget his aching bladder full of 9 hours worth of hot piss. He put his hand inside his underwear and squeezed his dick to prevent him from pissing himself.

When the pressure became too much for him, he stood up. It alleviated a little bit, but he knew he had to find somewhere to piss as soon as possible or his bedroom's floor would turn into a lake. He goes again to the bathroom and talks to his brother.

JOHNNY: Bro, please open the door! I need to pee like a racehorse now, really!!! My bladder is so full it hurts!

JOHNNY'S BROTHER: Just hold it a little longer, I'm almost finishing...

JOHNNY: Hurry up! I seriously feel like I'm gonna burst!

Johnny couldn't stop doing the pee dance. He was mad, impatient, anxious... he really needed to relieve himself. His brain even started torturing him: he imagined himself taking a huge piss in the garden. He involuntarily leaked a drop of piss on his underwear. He didn't even notice it. Suddenly, he leaks a small spurt.

JOHNNY: Bro, the pee is leaking already! Lemme use the toilet, it'll be quick!

JOHNNY'S BROTHER: *silent*

JOHNNY: *knocks at the door*

JOHNNY'S BROTHER: *still silent*

JOHNNY: *leaks another spurt on his underwear*

JOHNNY: Fuck, this is useless! I'll find anywhere else to piss.

Johnny then rushed to the kitchen, leaking small drops on his underwear with every step, and saw an empty measuring jug on the sink. He took it, moaned, said "Finally!" and took his dick out. As soon as he took his junk out of his shorts, the piss instantly splashed full force on the 1 liter measuring jug, almost filling it completely. He pissed for almost 1 minute and a half.

*002*2021-12-22 17:22

{{On 12/21/2021 at 2:37 AM, diapernsfwboy said:

Can i be in the story

}}

Yeah, sure! Just give me some ideas and I can write a part 2!

*004*2021-12-24 02:50

{{On 12/22/2021 at 3:53 PM, Alex62 said:

Great story but I wish he wet himself maybe write another where he does?

}}

I was thinking of the following situation:

Johnny is at school and asks the teacher if he could use the bathroom. The teacher is addicted to omorashi, so he gets very turned on when his student asks him to go to the bathroom. He obviously says NO, because he wanted Johnny to hold it until he couldn't anymore, and eventually pisses himself. At the end of the class, just when Johnny thought he'd finally be able to relieve himself, the teacher tells him that he's in detention (well, he did behave badly with his classmates earlier) and wasn't allowed to leave the classroom for 2 hours more. Johnny was forced to stay there, sitting on his desk, restless and mad because he was bursting to pee. He eventually couldn't hold it anymore, despite all his efforts, and ends up completely soaking himself, while the teacher was discreetly jerking off while watching his student losing control.

Well, this is just a draft. I could turn it into a longer story by adding more details later.

