Midnight Revelry, Dawn's Silence

Author: Raine_2

*000*2025-03-05 04:11

It's a narrative that may unfold in China

A Girl Who Intends to Write True Stories

As someone who loves dissecting details, I've always wanted to write "true stories." For a long time, I've been caught in a loop of questioning how much of others' "real experiences" are fabricated while nitpicking how much Original Scentity exists in fiction. Ultimately, I found myself most drawn to "stories that feel true." Only when I started writing did I realize how much more detail such stories can hold compared to human memory. Take what happened earlier: "I just came home after hours out without using the bathroom. While climbing the stairs, I nearly lost control and rushed straight to the toilet the moment I entered." This requires no deliberate recollection. But how would I write it? Let me skip the part about drinking bubble tea and shopping all afternoon. Here's a simplified version of the stairwell scene:

As I reached the building entrance, a chilly draft from the shaded corridor made me shiver, accompanied by a faint damp warmth between my legs. Clutching my bloated abdomen, I hurried into the stairwell, instinctively pressing my right hand against my crotch while murmuring, "Ah... I can't hold it..." Despite my short skirt and bursting bladder, I refused to hobble up step by step. Instead, I hoisted myself two or three stairs at a time, right hand shamelessly tucked under my skirt, left hand gripping the railing for leverage. (Uneventful climb—no encounters, no fumbling for keys .mp4) At my door, I flung it open with my left hand, dropped my backpack with the right, and bolted to the bathroom without even removing my knee-high boots. No time to close the door (I live alone). Panting, I peeled off my tights and panties. The sight of the soaked crotch blanked my mind. Mechanically squatting, the floodgates burst before I fully descended...

So, how much of this was real? If I claim it's entirely true, could someone desperate to pee really recall such details? If fabricated, how to prove its falsity? At least the scenario is "plausible." Readers can't verify whether it happened to me. Hence, I agree: "Seeing is believing, except in writing." Last month, when Linyuan City Weekly's editor lectured on fact-checking at our journalism school, I sneaked in and heard her say: "Verifying text through text alone is impossible. But beyond words, social laws will judge them."

Three news items

Club Accused of Violating Employee Rights, Sparking Public Concern

(XinXi Evening News, May 6, 2024, Page 4, "Folk Anecdotes”)

Our paper reports that recently a well-known high-end club in the city has been exposed for violating the rights of its female employees. The club allegedly required its staff to minimize their use of the restroom during busy reception duties, forcing many female employees to endure extreme discomfort and even suffer physical ailments. In addition, the club's management has been accused of secretly installing cameras both inside and outside the premises to record the private moments of female employees and then selling the footage. It is also reported that personal belongings discarded by the employees were sold to individuals with peculiar fetishes.

This expose was first made by a woman, claiming to be a former employee of the club, on a popular short-video platform. She stated that she had joined the club through proper channels by signing a contract, yet did not receive the labor protections to which she was entitled. After suffering from cystitis due to prolonged urine retention, not only was she denied paid sick leave as required by regulations, but she was also dismissed without justification. Consequently, she decided to make her experiences public. According to our verification from the club, her account of personal experiences is essentially accurate; however, the management has denied the accusations of privacy violations, insisting that their strict policies are designed to enhance customer service and that most employees are well able to adapt.

Currently, the club is under investigation by the labor inspection department, and several managers have been summoned by the police to investigate the allegations of unauthorized filming. Concerning the claim in the video that the club has numerous high-profile members with special fetishes, the club stated that the confidentiality of its membership list is both reasonable and legal, and that any disclosure of the list could constitute a breach of commercial confidentiality. Moreover, the club warned that any false accusations harming its reputation would result in legal action against the video publisher.

This incident has sparked widespread attention, with the public calling for the protection of female workers' legal rights and urging the relevant authorities to enhance oversight. At today regular press conference, the City Government Office stated that the city has always been committed to safeguarding workers' rights and women's rights, and that the matter is currently under active investigation.

The Plight and Sin Beneath the Glamour—Girls in Endurance and Struggle (Part I)

(LinYuan Metropolitan Weekly – "Social Observations” Column, Issue 2, October 2024, Total No. 586)

Editor's Note

This article is written for all women who have encountered sexual exploitation in their work environments—may you attain freedom and dignity. Special thanks go to Lina (a pseudonym) and our reporter Raine (a pseudonym); without your insight and courage, these truths would have remained hidden.

Foreword

The whole story began with a short video circulated online in early May this year. After watching the video, our reporter Raine was deeply moved by the ordeal of a woman named Lina. As a field reporter who had herself suffered the torment of holding in urine on the job, Raine's professional sensitivity made her suspect that behind the club's strict rules lay hidden truths. "The work environment described by Lina was astonishing. I randomly inquired at several clubs in LinYuan and found no such regulations. This made me wonder if there was some ulterior motive,” Raine explained.

After meeting Lina, Raine obtained a survey compiled by Lina and her colleague Sophia regarding the conditions of the club's employees. She discovered that the female staff not only had to constantly maintain an appearance of elegance and propriety, but also endured extreme physical strain and frequently faced teasing and harassment from guests—with management tacitly approving such behavior.

Convinced that the club was employing methods of physical control to facilitate sexual exploitation, and mindful of the secretive nature of high-end clubs, Raine decided to investigate in person. She traveled to XinXi and applied for a job at the club, where—in order to protect privacy—all names (including Raine, Lina, and Sophia) are pseudonyms, as noted by the editor. There, she documented the extraordinary physical burdens and psychological pressures the employees endured daily while attempting to uncover the true motives of the club's management.

This article is divided into two parts. Part I compiles the findings from Lina and Sophia's survey along with Raine's personal experiences, revealing the dire predicament endured by women beneath the club's glamorous facade. Part II will expose evidence—based on information collected by Raine—of the club's involvement in unauthorized filming and the sale of women's personal items as part of a black-market operation; it will be published in Issue 3 of October.

1. The Harsh Test of Physical Endurance

The club, located on the outskirts of XinXi outside Weiyang Lake, is famed for its exclusivity of events and its upscale membership. It is known for its bunny-girl waitresses, whose sexy and elegant appearance belies the silent suffering of their physical needs.

The bunny girls wear form-fitting, deep-blue patent leather uniforms paired with skin-toned one-piece undergarments and dark brown pantyhose, finished with laced high heels. They are required to spend several consecutive hours entertaining guests through conversation and by consuming various drinks—leaving them with little opportunity to visit the restroom. This extreme challenge to their physical limits forces many employees into a state of prolonged discomfort.

1.1 Strict Restroom Regulations and the Lack of Facilities:

Management imposes rigid restrictions on restroom use. Although a female employee's shift lasts eight hours, each shift permits only one restroom break—and that too only during a lull in guest service upon obtaining permission from a supervisor. When guest traffic is heavy or when guests specifically request otherwise, employees are forced to endure without relief. Even when they are allowed to use the restroom during quiet periods, long queues often form outside, as more than fifty employees share only two stalls. While the restroom's lavish decor mirrors the club's style, it starkly contrasts with the dire physical predicament of the women. Furthermore, the allotted break time is strictly limited to 20 minutes; exceeding this limit requires the employee to return the key card and resume work. Many employees, therefore, find themselves unable to secure any restroom break at all during their shift.

1.2 Uniform Constraints and Added Physiological Pressure:

The design of the bunny girl uniform is extremely tight—especially around the waist, abdomen, and intimate areas—further compounding the difficulty of holding in bodily needs. Employees report that the constant pressure on their lower abdomen quickly leads to painful swelling if they delay relief. The prolonged retention increases sensitivity and discharge, and the combined pressure from the pantyhose and uniform often results in a wet, sticky discomfort, sometimes even causing numbness or a burning sensation. 

Moreover, although the 5–7 cm high heels do not seem high at first glance, they alter one's posture in a way that intensifies the urge to urinate, adding to the overall discomfort. The uniform is also difficult to remove; to avoid snagging, the side zipper must be unfastened slowly and carefully. In addition, both the pantyhose and the one-piece undergarment must be removed before using the restroom and then redressed afterwards. Even for those adept at the process—with assistance in unzipping—the entire restroom routine takes over 10 minutes.

2. Psychological and Emotional Suppression

In addition to the physical pain, the club's strict regulations impose enormous psychological pressure on its employees.

2.2 Urine-Holding Tests and Etiquette Training:

Prior to signing a contract or undergoing orientation, the club does not disclose its requirement for employees to hold in urine. However, on the very first day of work, all new employees must pass a urine-holding test designed to assess their physical endurance under extreme conditions. In practice, the girls are taken to an empty room equipped with surveillance and a single chair, where they wear one-piece swimsuits and are required to drink large amounts of saline rapidly to fill their bladders. They are then locked in the room until they lose control and urinate—all the while being ordered to maintain an elegant demeanor and receiving continuous reminders over a loudspeaker to "watch their image.” 

If a girl's endurance is deemed too short or if she appears clumsy due to discomfort, she is judged to have failed the test. Those who fail must undergo "training”—a repetitive process of re-testing and receiving etiquette instruction until the management is satisfied. Only then is the uniform issued and the employee allowed to start work. If anyone expresses dissatisfaction and wishes to quit, management threatens them with exorbitant contractual penalties and even hints that immediate resignation will result in the public release of the test and training recordings. Raine herself underwent this "training” three times before being granted formal employment.

2.3 Urinary Leakage Anxiety and Mutual Assistance Among Colleagues:

Facing the physical limits, the bunny girls often experience uncontrolled urinary leakage—inevitably leading to feelings of shame, anxiety, and psychological trauma. They fear that losing control in front of guests could damage the club's image, potentially resulting in heavy fines or loss of work time due to the need to change clothes. Raine's investigation revealed that such loss of control is "extremely common,” with Lina noting that "after an eight-hour shift, the girls' crotches are all wet.” 

The phenomenon has even been given a new phrase as "pantyhose wetting” when small leaks leave visible stains on their stockings. In this high-pressure environment, mutual assistance is common: colleagues routinely allow those suffering from "pantyhose wetting” to use the restroom first. Some even help each other with the cumbersome process of donning and doffing the uniform, or share a single urinal to reduce waiting time. In some cases, this mutual assistance has fostered deeper emotional bonds—Lina and Sophia, for instance, would sometimes, while one was removing her uniform, use a hand to press against the other's private area to help prevent leakage, and on occasion after work, they would go to the restroom together to soothe their discomfort and alleviate stress.

2.4 Additional Pain During Menstruation:

The discomfort caused by holding in urine is further exacerbated during menstruation. With the restrictions on restroom use and the high-cut design of the uniform, most of the girls resort to using large-capacity sanitary pads to manage their menstrual hygiene. The combined effect of extended urine retention and menstrual flow often leads to increased lower abdominal cramps, back pain, and heightened sensitivity. During menstruation, employees generally experience intensified pressure and anxiety—not only from the physical discomfort but also from worries that an inability to change sanitary products in a timely manner might result in visible leakage. Moreover, the mood swings associated with premenstrual syndrome force them to exert extra effort to maintain both elegance and mental sharpness while at work.

3. Raine's Personal Experience: The Invisible Shackles of the Workplace

As an undercover investigative reporter, Raine experienced firsthand the oppressive and humiliating atmosphere of this high-pressure environment during her initial urine-holding tests and etiquette training.

3.1 Endless Demands for Poise:

Throughout each workday, Raine's earpiece constantly delivered reminders from the manager to "maintain decorum” and not to relax. She recalled several instances where she was warned for taking too long in the restroom, which made her deeply aware of the internal tension among her colleagues and the external constraints imposed upon them. Unbeknownst to the girls, numerous "watchful eyes” monitored their behavior, and even a minor infraction would force an entry in the day's work log along with a fine. This strict regulation extended even to their conversations; on one occasion, when Raine complained with colleagues that the club was essentially a "urine-holding club,” many echoed her sentiment. The management quickly learned of the discussion and had Raine undergo an additional round of "training” the next day. In that session, she was forced to drink one liter of saline mixed with a bottle of mineral water administered via enema, and then maintain a "ladylike posture”for two hours.

3.2 Forbidden Emotional Connections:

While waiting in line for the restroom, Raine witnessed colleagues who had lost control due to prolonged holding, and saw the embarrassed, helpless expressions on their faces. She once observed Sophia helping a colleague who had lost control, and through this act, understood the emotional reliance and support that had developed among the staff. However, such warmth and mutual assistance were strictly forbidden by management. During pre-work briefings, male managers would sternly instruct the girls that some of them needed to "keep their distance.” 

Lina's eventual resignation was reportedly triggered by being "reported” for engaging in affectionate behavior with Sophia in a secluded corridor; subsequently, Lina took the blame by admitting to "promiscuous behavior” and willingly underwent "training.” During that session, management provided water laced with diuretics, which resulted in her developing cystitis and requiring hospitalization. When the situation escalated, management promptly dismissed her and destroyed all her work records, offering only a vague acknowledgment of her former employment.

3.3 Seeking Dignity in Extremity:

Raine came to understand that the employees did not remain in the job for its income or social prestige, but rather out of fear—coerced by the oppressive power and threats of the management. The physical and psychological toll exacted by this work far exceeded what most could imagine, and no amount of seemingly high salary could ever compensate for such suffering.

4. Lina's Investigative Report: A True Depiction of the Plight

4.1 Frequent Loss of Control:

According to Lina's survey, over half of the employees reported having experienced episodes of incontinence after prolonged periods of holding in urine, with some enduring multiple incidents in a short span—leading to accumulated feelings of shame and anxiety.

4.2 Unignorable Physical Reactions:

More than thirty employees stated that prolonged urine retention had heightened their bodily sensitivity and gradually diminished their endurance. They commonly mentioned that after finally being allowed a restroom break, severe soreness and numbness in the lower back would set in, and when forced to return to work, attempting to hold in again became nearly impossible—making leakage highly likely.

4.3 Psychological Trauma and a Sense of Shame:

Lina's survey revealed that most employees felt that frequent episodes of incontinence severely damaged their self-esteem. The club's practice of requiring the girls to record each incident in their personal work logs instilled deep shame, while the constant fear of being fined—or even forced into further "training” in front of guests—left many already vulnerable women in a state of persistent anxiety.

5. Beneath the Glamour: Endurance as a Constraint on Women

Although the girls in this club earn high salaries, the cost of their labor is exorbitant. Observing from a female perspective, Raine noted that the oppressive regulations governing their bodily needs had transformed their physical and mental selves into an "invisible cage,” forcing them to endure unspeakable pain in order to preserve their dignity. The management's blatant disregard for the employees' basic physiological needs only deepens this sense of suppression.

Conclusion: From Endurance to Awakening

Raine's firsthand investigation has unveiled the hidden pain endured by these women. Despite their outward appearance of glamour and elegance, they are forced to bear the dual shackles of physical and psychological torment behind the scenes. Raine's report calls upon society to pay closer attention to women's occupational health—both physiological and emotional—and to recognize the hidden struggles that lie beneath the glittering facade.

The Plight and Sin Beneath the Glamour—The Truth Behind the "Urine-Holding Club”(Part II)

(LinYuan Metropolitan Weekly – "Legal Observations” Column, Issue 1, November 2024, Total No. 589)

Preface

As Raine grew increasingly familiar with the club's work environment, she became nearly certain that hidden cameras lurked in various corners, silently recording every move. What remained to be determined was whether covert filming was taking place in private areas such as restroom cubicles, beneath the tea tables in reception areas, and other intimate settings. In-depth investigation gradually brought to light the truth behind this outwardly respectable high-end club. In addition to imposing extreme physical restrictions on its female employees, the club's management had also laid invisible traps during the employees' most private moments—traps designed to harvest and sell their privacy at exorbitant prices. This article exposes the array of crimes uncovered by Raine during her investigation, revealing the covert and sinister operational methods behind this dark industry.

1. Secretly Installed Surveillance Devices

During her investigation, Raine went to extraordinary lengths—even hiding a probing device in her rectum—to covertly bring the equipment into the work area while still wearing the tight-fitting bunny girl uniform. Using technical methods, she discovered that the club had concealed a large number of covert cameras throughout its interior. Unlike the conspicuous cameras installed high up to monitor general employee activity, these hidden devices were strategically placed near the areas where female employees, at the peak of their discomfort from holding in urine, could not hide their distress.

1.1 Distribution and Concealment:

For example, in the reception area, cameras with upward-facing angles were positioned around tea tables and sofas; restroom cubicles and the corners of corridors outside the restrooms were densely populated with cameras—even toilets were equipped with devices aimed at capturing the private areas of women while they used them. Subsequent investigation revealed that these devices were centrally controlled by a server in the hotel's basement, had live-streaming capabilities, and could precisely capture the expressions of discomfort when employees were at their breaking point as well as the exact moments when they lost control.

The cameras were arranged extremely covertly—appearing in abundance only in locations where employees were most likely to experience physical distress, at which point the girls were too preoccupied to notice any irregularities. Disguised as decorative items, air vents, or even embedded within restroom faucets, these devices were nearly undetectable. Moreover, they were not continuously recording; only when a conspicuous high-placed camera detected a subtle sign of strain or a telltale expression from an employee did the surrounding hidden cameras activate. Even the cameras inside the restrooms were triggered only upon someone's entry.

1.2 Image Content:

The illicit footage focused on capturing minute details of employees' extreme endurance, with particular emphasis on moments of emotional breakdown and physical loss of control. According to our investigation into the finished videos being sold, the club also installed numerous listening devices in the restrooms. These devices recorded the labored breathing during moments of extreme strain and the sound of water during urination, which were later synchronized with the video footage. The club would edit these videos to highlight the physiological reactions at the limits of endurance—often featuring close-up shots from the toilet's perspective of the employees' private parts—to amplify the appeal of these images for a niche audience.

2. Illegal Trade in "Original Scent” Items

The club's management did not stop at surreptitiously filming their employees. They also collected items—such as pantyhose and underwear—that were discarded after episodes of incontinence and later sold these "Original Scent” items to satisfy a perverse market.

2.1 Collection Process:

The club implemented a systematic collection of clothing that employees changed after losing control. Each changing room was equipped with collection bags marked with employee numbers, and management instructed the staff to place any soiled garments (instead of disposing of them in the trash) into these bags. (As a consequence, if a girl leaked during work, she had to wait until the end of her shift to clean up and change.) Unbeknownst to the employees, the management would then seal these items—bearing traces of their use—in vacuum bags before transferring them to buyers.

2.2 High-Priced Sales on the Dark Web:

The club marketed these items on dark web platforms, pairing them with the stolen footage and selling them at exorbitant prices to select members. It is reported that such "Original Scent” items—like the pantyhose—fetch prices far above those of other ordinary "Original Scent” products, due to the combination of the matching covert footage and the verifiable “Original Scent” of the source.

3. The Secrets of Special Fetish Members

Raine's investigation further revealed that among the club's membership was a large group of customers—almost exclusively male—with a particular interest in the endurance and incontinence behaviors of female employees. The club's management maintained a separate "VIP customer” list for these individuals.

3.1 Customized Services for Specific Demands:

Some members even made explicit requests to "observe” specific employees during moments of extreme endurance or loss of control. In response, management would coordinate the hidden cameras to fulfill these custom demands, enabling clients to revisit these details via video after returning home.

3.2 Additional Privileges for VIP Members:

VIP members not only received regular updates featuring these private recordings but also gained access to exclusive "Original Scent” items. In some cases, they even participated behind the scenes in the employees' "testing” and "training” sessions—imposing additional requirements on how an employee should manage her endurance. This led to instances where candidates during interviews and on boarding were subjected to unreasonable urine-holding tests and etiquette training.

4. The Struggle to Uncover the Dark Network

Raine's investigation exposed not only the systematic invasion of employee privacy by the club but also the complex profit chain underpinning these heinous acts.

4.1 Delving into the Dark Web for Evidence:

To obtain conclusive evidence, our outlet, in collaboration with cybersecurity volunteers, infiltrated dark web communities—posing as clients to liaise with the club's clandestine contacts. Through multiple negotiations, we gradually uncovered the complete process behind the trade of covert footage and "Original Scent” items.

4.2 Silent Resistance from Employees:

Through accounts provided by Lina, Sophia, and other employees, Raine learned that some staff members had harbored a subtle resistance to the urine-holding regulations. Among them were hotel management master's graduates attracted by the promise of high salaries and the club's reputation, yet ultimately they were forced to succumb to the management's coercive tactics. The prolonged suppression inflicted lasting harm on both their bodies and dignity. With the economic downturn and scarce job opportunities worsening the employment prospects for women, many felt they had no choice but to endure—hoping only to save enough money before eventually leaving.

4.3 Resistance from Authorities:

In the process of attempting to report and expose these practices, Raine encountered strong resistance from powerful institutions—particularly when it came to disclosing the member list. Many influential members used their social clout to dismiss the allegations, creating a significant barrier to public exposure. One entrepreneur, suspected of being on the special member list, angrily told a local XinXi media outlet that the exposed content was "an absurd, obscene novel fabricated by a low-level writer.” This backlash was the primary reason for the half-month delay in publishing this article. After the release of Part I, Raine received multiple anonymous personal threats, and recently, due to harassment at her residence, she has been forced to temporarily reside in an office. Our staff are working around the clock to ensure her safety.

5. We Hope Everyone Remains Confident

With the exposure of these findings, the club management's perverse and illegal practices have been met with strong public condemnation—many asserting that the girls suffered "inhumane treatment.” On October 19, our outlet learned from XinXi police that several individuals responsible for these violations had been detained and were undergoing judicial investigation on multiple charges, including violations of labor rights and invasion of personal privacy. However, owing to the prominent status of the members, detailed information about the club has not been disclosed, and a significant number of these influential members continue to exert covert influence over the investigation. As of press time, most of the club's responsible parties had been released after questioning, with only those directly involved in managing the covert devices still in custody.

5.1 Public Support and Reflection:

Following the revelations, society at large has engaged in extensive discussions about the physiological health issues faced by professional women, calling for the protection of their basic bodily needs to prevent further abuses. Women's rights organizations have expressed their gratitude for Raine's investigation and have launched several support campaigns.

5.2 Controversy over Member List Confidentiality:

Although the club's member list remains undisclosed, the public widely questions whether shielding the upper echelons of society in this manner is justified. A sociology professor from LinYuan University wrote to our outlet, stating, "Allowing the powerful and wealthy to freely objectify women is a tragedy for society.” Due to mounting pressure from various quarters, our outlet has reluctantly acknowledged that continuing to track these hidden high-end venues to expose further truths is "a wish difficult to fulfill.”

Conclusion: What Can We Do After the Exposure?

It is believed that this "urine-holding club” has already ceased operations under the weight of overwhelming public pressure, yet similar covert crimes may still exist in other establishments. The revelations by Lina and Raine have not only restored long-deprived dignity to the women working at the club but have also made society aware that behind the glamour and those seemingly elegant smiles lies a pain that ordinary people can scarcely imagine. We hope that more attention will be paid to the basic physiological needs and privacy rights of professional women—and that in the future, such crimes will no longer be tolerated.

The Autumn Rain Is Mildly Cool:

It has been a month since the exposure of the "XinXi Club Covert Filming Incident.” Although people still occasionally mention the horror of that event and reflect on the current state of women's rights protection, it no longer ranks among the trending topics. Nowadays, the people of LinYuan are more preoccupied with this year's unusually warm weather—so much so that in early December, midday temperatures have remained above 20°C for several consecutive days.

In celebration of this rare, prolonged autumn, Metropolitan Weekly has published a plethora of guides on suburban and nearby excursions across its website, self-media, and print channels, which have significantly contributed to the year-end growth of LinYuan's tourism industry. As for Raine, once the storm of that incident had passed, LinYuan media granted her an extended holiday, remarking that after the rigors of investigative work, she deserved a good rest. Her social media feed hasn't been updated in over a week, suggesting she is likely enjoying some solitary happiness.

In contrast to LinYuan's warm sunshine, XinXi is drenched in a persistent autumn drizzle. This year's rainfall has been exceptionally heavy—Weiyang Lake has surpassed its highest warning level for several consecutive days. Under the threat of flooding, lakeside residents have begun evacuating and all business establishments have closed. The club, which had already ceased operations earlier, has been requisitioned as a temporary flood control command center due to its elevated location, with its parking lot transformed into a storage area for flood prevention supplies. Amid this tense situation, few would notice that a few black Toyota MPV cars—covered in splatters of mud—continue to come and go through the back door near the club's office area. And although those exiting the vehicles wear raincoats, someone is always there with a large umbrella to greet them.

"Your name really suits this weather… It looks like it's about to pour at here as well…” said a man slowly, gazing at the rising milky-white cigar smoke.

*001*2025-03-22 04:56

The story was first written by me in Chinese and now I try to translate it to English. I hope you all like it.

*002*2025-03-23 16:48

{{On 3/22/2025 at 12:56 PM, Raine_2 said:

The story was first written by me in Chinese and now I try to translate it to English. I hope you all like it.

}}

The inspiration for this story comes from my work experience. Even though it was a normal place, I still have to hold my pee in few hours sometimes.

