[Commission]: Jazmin is a Confident Girl

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2026-01-10 15:58

HI guys! I have been working on a story of late and I thought of building another universe just like I used to do in the earlier days. Only this time it will be even more intense and sexy. I and my patron proudly bring to you, Jazmin. If you like girls who put everything else above peeing and keep punishing their bladders, then you are going to lust her!

___

Jazmin is a Confident Girl.

Chapter 1: Jazmin moves to College

I glanced at the digital clock on my nightstand. It blinked 11:00 PM. Exactly twenty-four hours since I had last used the bathroom. My bladder was absolutely yelling at me, sending strong signals that I needed release my pent-up pee right this second, but I just clenched. I wasn't going to let a silly little organ tell me what to do. I was the boss here. I stood in the centre of my room, my legs crossed but steady. I was wearing my favourite white crop top that barely contained my massive silicone breasts; the heavy implants pushed them high and proud, making them look ridiculous on my tiny, ripped frame. Below that, my skinny low-waist jeans were fighting a losing battle. My bladder bulge was so distended that it formed a hard, straining against the denim. The metal button was digging aggressively into the centre of the bulge, but I refused to unbutton it. That would be a sign of weakness.

"Not yet," I whispered to myself, feeling a sharp wave of pressure hit my spherical bladder.

I had packing to finish. I turned toward the chaotic pile of clothes and boxes on the floor. I needed to tape up the last box for my move tomorrow morning. I squatted down, keeping my back straight to balance the weight of my chest. As I compressed my torso, my thighs squeezed against my rock-hard bladder bulge. The pressure spiked, making my vision swim for a second. I shuddered once again as my bladder tried to push the pee past my over-worked sphincters. But I tightened my muscles and continued. My bladder reluctantly complied. I knew peeing could always wait.

Once the box was stacked, I walked to the bathroom. My bladder felt heavy and sloshy, swinging slightly with every step I took in my tight jeans. I walked right past the toilet. I needed to take off my makeup first. I leaned over the sink, staring at myself in the mirror, examining my face. My brunette hair was silky and straight, framing my face perfectly. My reflection showed everything: the impossibly large breasts jutting out, the ripped abs, and that massive, swollen bladder bulge that was begging to be released.

I grabbed a cotton pad and started scrubbing off my eyeliner, taking my own sweet time. As I rubbed and dabbed, my bladder shook to remind me of all the piss it was containing inside. Then, I turned on the tap to brush my teeth. The sound of running water was loud. Immediately, my bladder seized up, reacting to the noise. It contracted hard, trying to force the pee out. I gasped, my hands gripping the edge of the sink tightly. I clamped my muscles shut with everything I had. Not a drop came out. I brushed my teeth slowly, deliberately taking my time while the water ran, taunting my desperate bladder.

Finally, I spat into the sink and wiped my mouth. Only now was I allowed to pee.

I turned and sat on the WC. I didn't pull my jeans down yet; I just sat on the lid for a second to center myself, then stood up to shimmy the tight denim down my legs, keeping my thong on for now. The relief of the waistband vanishing was incredible, allowing my bladder bulge to expand even further outward. I sat back down on the cold seat. The position triggered my body's release reflex. The pee was right there, pushing against the gate. I looked at my watch. 11:15 PM.

"You wait until I say so," I muttered.

I squeezed my muscles, holding my breath to fight back the waves. My body shook with the effort. My bladder felt like it was going to explode from the strain of holding it back when I was fully positioned to go. I watched the second hand on my watch tick. I was going to wait exactly sixty seconds. I grit my teeth, my hands clutching my thighs for support, as I forced my desperate, over-filled bladder to obey my will for one final, agonizing minute. And then I finally let go.

Pheeeeeewwwwww! I finally breathed as the floodgates opened. The water beneath me was splattered due to the feroucious stream. For the unversed it would be shocking but for me, I would be worried if my stream was not as thick as my thumb. I bent forward, placing my sweaty elbows on my sweaty thighs, letting my head hang low. The tingling sensation of the liquid rushing past my quivering muscles made me shudder. My toes curled. My bladder was trying to push all of it out at once. The entire bathroom echoed with my gusher. 

I was panting at this stage as the balloon inside me deflated rapidly. After all, two litres of water, three fruit juices, two coffees and a can of coke – all of it was gushing out. The relief was well earned. My bladder had a dull ache since the evening, and it only worsened. It was my indicator which told me that I had no room left to hold anymore and yet I successfully waited. Around a minute and a half later I was finally empty. As I got up and had a hot shower I told my bladder, “No more tantrums till tomorrow.” The satisfaction of relieving my long-held pee for the past twenty-four hours on my own terms was exhilarating.

I woke up feeling light. After my shower, I dressed for the long drive ahead. I pulled on a tight grey tank top from when I was in school. I basically bought it when I had no breasts and now I forced it to contain my massive silicone breasts, yeah they were bigger than my head, if you want to know. I stepped into a pair of grey thongs, pulling them high up my hips, and then shimmied into a short denim skirt, again from my school days. It barely covered my butt cheeks. I finished the look with my favorite high-heeled boots. I looked in the mirror, turning to the side. My stomach was flat, and my tanned skin looked perfect.

I sat down for a full English breakfast. I downed two huge mugs of black coffee along with the eggs, pancakes and toast. The hot liquid hit my stomach, filtering down quickly, but my bladder would hold all of it. It absorbed the initial rush without even flinching.

“Sweety, please go slow with the coffee…” My Mom urged me to caution. “I heard that the freeway barely has rest stops.”

“Mom, you say as if it was me always me who used to cry for rest-stops during our road trips.” I scoffed at her.

“Doesn’t hurt to be careful..” She didn’t press thereafter.

After breakfast, I grabbed a 1.5-liter bottle of water, tossed it in the passenger seat, and soon hit the road. The first two hours were pretty eventful. But two hours in, I stopped for gas. I walked into the convenience store, my heels clicking on the tile. I grabbed a large fruit soda, the sugary, fizzy kind. The cashier looked at me from head to toe surprised that I didn’t make a trip to the bathroom. I smirked to myself and got back in the car. As the car guzzled miles, I drank the soda, cruising at seventy miles per hour. I was starting to feel the weight of the liquid now. It wasn't pressure, exactly, just the beginning of my bladder starting to fill up. I glanced at my watch. It was noon. Thirteen hours since my last pee. A normal girl would probably be looking for a rest stop by now after two coffees and a soda, but I was not just any girl.

Lunch was a quick stop at a roadside diner. I ordered a sandwich and the largest lemonade they had. It was so delicious that I wanted to get the second one. As I raised my hand to call the waiter, my bladder sent a twinge. I hesitated to order but then I thought, why should I worry just because of my bladder? Against my bladder’s will, I got another refill. By the time I left the diner, my bladder was firm now and definitely felt heavier. “You will contain.” I hushed it and walked past the ladies room once again.

By late afternoon, I needed gas again. I bought another coffee, my fourth caffeine hit of the day and a bag of salty pretzels. I finished the coffee and tipped the last of the 1.5-liter water bottle into my mouth. Even before I got into the car, I cracked open another bottle of water. By now it was 4pm, 17 hours had passed since my last pee. My bladder felt full and I had reached that point from which I had to consciously clench my muscles every now and then.

The sun was setting as I neared the city limits. I squirmed in my seat unknowingly as my bladder started nagging. As a way to punish it, I pressed it hard with my fist. A sharp wave of pee rushed towards my pee hole. I felt goosebumps all over my body and sweat coming from the top of my head. I ran the numbers in my head. Two massive coffees, a fruit soda, two large lemonades, another coffee, and a liter and a half of water plus another one going through. That was easily over three liters of fluid sitting inside me. I flexed my holding muscles, just to test them. They were rock solid.

I looked down at my lap. The denim skirt was sitting a little tighter across my hips than it had this morning. A small, subtle curve was starting to show above my navel. I took a deep breath, letting the sensation wash over me. I felt heavy and the feeling of pressure was starting to form. Truth be told though, I was only three-quarters full. Most people would be in agony by this point, crossing their legs and praying for a toilet. I was just getting warmed up. I had hours and hours of holding left in me before I would even consider breaking my seal. I turned up the radio, patting my growing bladder affectionately. The night was young, and I knew I could and would hold it, much longer.

By 7pm, I dragged my suitcase into the hostel lobby. The effort of having to lift it out of the boot definitely spiked the pressure inside me. I had to clench harder now, and I found myself arching forward involuntarily. I was annoyed. I made it a point to stand straight and uncross my legs. My bladder spasmed but I didn’t budge. Eventually it got quiet, not fully but enough to move normally. It was such a satisfying feeling to walk straight with the weight of three liters of pee sloshing audibly inside me. My denim skirt was definitely struggling now; the fabric was pulled taut across my hips, and digging into my bladder bulge.

I approached the reception desk, my heels clacking loudly. The warden, a middle-aged woman with glasses, looked up. Her eyes widened slightly as they travelled from my massive, silicone breasts down to my exposed midriff and the hard, undeniable swelling above my skirt line. "Welcome to the Dorms," she said, processing my paperwork. "You’ve had a long drive. There’s a water cooler right there, and the ladies' room is just down the hall to the left if you need to freshen up before I finalize your room."

I laughed, a short, dismissive sound. "No thank you," I said, leaning confidently against the counter, "I don’t need a bathroom this early."

The warden blinked, looking confused. She glanced at the clock and then back at my distended bladder bulge, which was clearly visible. "Are... are you sure, dear? It’s a long check-in process."

"I'm sure," I said, flipping my hair over my shoulder. "I still have a lot of space."

She didn't say anything else, just handed me my key with a bewildered expression. I took it and strutted toward the stairs, savoring the heavy bounce of my fluid-filled bladder. I found my room on the third floor. It was small but cozy. I tossed my bag on the bed and immediately scanned the space. Bed, desk, wardrobe... but no door for a bathroom. I frowned. I walked back out into the hallway and saw the sign: Shared Facilities. I pushed the door open to inspect the situation. It was a single large room with three shower curtains and only three toilet cubicles. My frown deepened. This wasn't ideal. At home, I had total privacy to struggle and fight my bladder in peace. Here, there were only thin partitions.

If I followed my 11 PM rule, there might be other girls in here brushing their teeth or showering. They would hear everything my strong, endless stream, the relief, the heavy flow of a twenty-four-hour hold. They would judge me and perhaps think weak of me. I would be holding off someone who might genuinely need it worse than me. Sensing that I was so close to relief, my bladder contracted. I gasped softly, my hand flying to my thighs, but I quickly clamped my internal muscles shut, crushing the urge effortlessly.

"Shut up," I whispered to the empty room.

If the bathroom was busy at 11 PM, I wouldn't compromise. I would just wait. If I couldn't find it empty, I would simply hold it until midnight. Or 1 AM. Or whenever the bathroom was empty. My bladder could handle the extra pressure. I was the boss, and a little thing like a lack of privacy wasn't going to break my streak. I turned on my heel and marched back to my room to unpack, my bladder swaying heavily with me.

It was 9PM now. 22 hours since my last pee and everything that I drank throughout the day was fully pumped into my bladder. My bladder jutted out up to my navel. It was a sharply contoured bulge like I hid a balloon under my skirt. I sucked it up and decided to explore the campus before it got too dark. The evening air was cool, but inside, I was burning. My bladder was spasming now, and I couldn’t stand or sit still for too long. The pressure was constant, a dull, heavy ache that radiated into my lower back. Despite this, I carried my large water tumbler with me, taking small, deliberate sips as I walked the paths. Every swallow was adding to the reservoir that was already stretching me to my limit.

By the time I reached the cafeteria for dinner, walking required concentration. My denim skirt was digging fiercely into the underside of my bladder bulge, cutting a red line into my skin. I found a table with a few other freshman girls. I sat down carefully, keeping my back rigid to avoid compressing my stomach.

I stayed quiet, sipping my water, listening to them chatter. They were all complaining about the move.

"Oh my god, the bus ride was hell," a blonde girl groaned. "The driver refused to stop for three hours. I thought I was going to wet myself. I had to run to the bathroom the second we stopped."

"Same," another girl chimed in. "I stopped twice on my drive and I still felt like I was going to explode when I got here."

They turned to me. "How was your drive, Jazmin? Did you have to stop a lot?"

I finished my food before looking at them with a calm, almost bored expression. Under the table, my thighs were trembling slightly from the effort of holding back nearly a gallon of pee. "No," I said smoothly. "I didn't take any bathroom breaks and won’t need one anytime soon." They looked at me with a mix of awe and disbelief, but I just took another sip of water. Inside, I was glowing with satisfaction that I didn’t waste my time on bathroom breaks. They were so weak.

After dinner, the walk back to the hostel was a trial. The weight of the food on top of my massive bladder was a torture. My calves were burning as I had to balance on those pricky heels while also putting efforts to hold my pee corked inside. By the time I closed the door to my room, the façade cracked. I dropped my tumbler and immediately bent over, grabbing my knees. I couldn't stand straight anymore. I crossed my legs tightly, locking my thighs together in a desperate attempt to lend support to my overworked holding muscles. My hands gripped my own thighs so hard my nails dug in.

"Shut up," I hissed through clenched teeth, sweat dripping from my forehead. My bladder was spasming, angry waves of contraction trying to force the gate open. "Just... keep... quiet." I looked at the clock. It was only 9.30PM. I had an hour and a half left until my 11 PM mark. My body was begging, pleading for mercy, but I squeezed my eyes shut and clenched hard. I wasn't done yet.

The next two hours were a blur. I focused entirely on unpacking and forcing myself to act normally. I needed to hang clothes in the wardrobe, which required reaching up high. Every time I stretched my arms upward, my crop top lifted, exposing the entirety of my distended, shiny skin, and my abdominal muscles stretched tight over the massive, hardened ball of my bladder. The pressure would spike violently, sending a jagged bolt of lightning straight to my pee hole, begging me to clamp my legs together.

But I refused to squirm. That was the rule.

I stood with my feet shoulder-width apart, forcing myself to endure the crushing weight without twisting my hips or crossing my ankles. Suddenly, a violent spasm ripped through my bladder. It was trying to override my brain. I froze, my breath hitching in my throat as my eyes watered.

"No," I commanded, despite the tremors in my hands. "You don't get to decide."

To prove my point, I grabbed my water tumbler. I stared down at my swollen bladder bulge, which was now protruding so far it was visibly stretching the waistband of my denim skirt to its breaking point. I brought the straw to my lips and aggressively sucked down a massive gulp of lukewarm water. I felt the liquid hit my stomach, instantly adding pressure to the already critical mass inside me. It was a punishment. If my bladder wanted to complain, I would give it something to complain about.

By the time the clock hit 12:00 AM, I was done unpacking. I stood in the middle of the room, panting slightly. It had been twenty-five hours. My body was in a state of emergency. I couldn't stand perfectly still anymore. I found myself shifting my weight from my left foot to my right, a rhythmic, subtle swaying motion that I couldn't suppress. If I had to sit, I had to do it on my heels. My skin was covered in goosebumps, shivering not from cold, but from the sheer volume of fluid I was containing. "Okay," I whispered, wiping a bead of sweat from my upper lip. "Now."

I grabbed my keycard and moved toward the door. I had to keep my thighs rubbing together to support the desperate, screaming sphincter muscle. It was the only thing standing between me and a gallon of pee from escaping out. I opened my door and stepped into the hallway, moving stiffly but with dignity toward the shared bathroom. I reached the door to the bathroom, my heart poinding against my ribs. My bladder sensed the proximity to the toilet. It prepared for release, descending even lower, pushing with a renewed, ferocious intensity. I pushed the door open.

My eyes narrowed. Two girls were leaning against the sinks, locked in a heavy make-out session. They were giggling, oblivious to the world. A wave of guilt washed over me, mixed with panic. They could have been disturbed because of me. If I pushed past them, they would go on to tell everyone that I couldn’t hold my pee. I would look weak.

I grit my jaw. I wasn't going to give them the satisfaction of seeing me desperate. I slowly backed out of the bathroom and let the door click shut. The moment I turned back toward my room, the agony doubled. My bladder had been ready. It had started the pre-release sequence. Now, I was forcing it to abort. A sharp, searing pain shot through my crotch, causing me to gasp audibly. I stopped in the middle of the hallway, squeezing my eyes shut, my hands balling into fists at my sides. My knees knocked together involuntarily.

"Hold it," I gritted out, my body shaking violently.

I shuffled back to my room. I finally made it inside and leaned my back against the closed door, exhaling a shaky breath. The denial of relief had made the desperation a thousand times worse. My bladder was furious, contracting in long, rolling waves that made my toes curl in my boots. I shoved my hands between my legs to ease the pressure, but it was impossible. I was absolutely full to the brim, twenty-five hours and counting, and I was trapped in my room, forced to supress the urge all over again.

It was 1:00 AM. Twenty-six hours.

I peeled myself off the doorframe of my room. The hour I had spent waiting for the bathroom to clear had been the longest of my life. My composure was gone; the cool, confident girl who had breezed through check-in was replaced by a squirming school-girl. I couldn't stand up straight. I was hunched forward at a forty-five-degree angle, my upper body curling instinctively around the massive, rock-hard sphere of my bladder to protect it. I had to force my right foot forward, then drag the left, keeping my thighs crushed together in a vice-like grip. They squished against each other and the friction providing the only external support for my desperate sphincter.

My hands were balled into tight fists at my sides, my nails digging into my palms so hard they left crescent moon indentations.

"You can hold it," I rasped, my voice sounding foreign to my own ears. "You are the master. You wait."

I shuffled into the hallway. I felt like I was carrying a bowling ball inside behind my pee hole. A spasm hit me. It was a violent contraction that nearly exploded my piss out. I stopped dead, squeezing my eyes shut. I clamped down, my entire lower body turning to stone until the wave passed. I reached the bathroom door. I pushed it open.

Empty. Thank god.

The sight of the white porcelain toilets should have made me rush. My body screamed at me to run, to rip my clothes off and dive onto the seat. But I didn't. I forced myself to move slower.

"Slow," I hissed through my teeth. "We do this... properly."

I walked to the middle cubicle, my thighs rubbing furiously against each other. I turned the lock with a shaking hand. I turned around and looked at the toilet. I didn't just sit. I stood there for five seconds, breathing heavily, letting the image of the toilet burn into my brain while I denied myself the relief. Then, excruciatingly slowly, I reached down. My hands were trembling violently as I unbuttoned my skirt. The button popped open with a snap, and my bladder bulge instantly surged forward, freed from the denim constraint. It was terrifyingly large and perfectly round. I could see my veins under the skin. I shoved my skirt and thong down to my ankles. I slowly sat onto the toilet seat, my boots splayed wide on the tiles.

The change in position was the trigger. The floodgates slammed against my muscle, demanding to open. The pressure was astronomical. "Wait," I gasped, gripping my own naked thighs with convulsing fingers. My knuckles were white. "One... minute."

I curled my toes inside my boots so hard they cramped. I threw my head back, hissing air through my clenched teeth like a pressure valve. My body shuddered violently. My bladder was screaming, a high-pitched frantic alarm that drowned out every other thought. It felt like I was being torn apart from the inside.

Thirty seconds. I was rocking back and forth, sweat dripping down my cleavage. I bit my lip until I tasted blood.

Ten seconds. My hold was slipping. The iron lock was melting under the heat of twenty-six hours of accumulation.

Zero.

"Release," I groaned.

I relaxed the muscle. For a split second, nothing happened, the muscle was so cramped from the marathon hold that it didn't know how to let go. Then, with a sudden, violent rush, the dam broke.

WOOSH.

The sound was deafening. A thick, high-pressure jet of golden stream exploded out of me, hitting the water with the force of a hose. It was aggressive, powerful, and loud, echoing off the tiled walls of the bathroom.

"Oh... god," I moaned, my head dropping forward, my hair falling over my face.

The relief was instant and overwhelming; an ecstatic wave of pleasure that rolled up my spine and made my eyes roll back in my head. But the pressure didn't disappear. There was just so much fluid. I sat there, gripping the seat, as the stream continued at maximum velocity.

Ten seconds. Twenty seconds. Thirty. It kept going on and on. It was a torrential outpouring. The water under me violently gurgled and frothed as my pent-up pee finally escaped my body. I looked down at my bladder bulge. For the first minute it remained just as taut. Only after that I could actually see it shrinking, deflating inch by inch, slowly retreating back into my body. The sheer volume was staggering. I closed my eyes again, listening to the thunderous roar of my own release, surrendering completely to the bliss of finally, finally being empty.

- - - To be continued - - -

*003*2026-01-14 02:08

{{On 1/12/2026 at 8:22 PM, tillend said:

I say she should not be empty again！

}}

And your wish shall be granted 😈

{{On 1/12/2026 at 9:24 PM, Adamn said:

Very interesting story! Maybe you can make it a little competitive with Jazmin holding her pee longer than other people who also have iron bladders, of course done in silence😁

}}

Well well well... You just read my mind. 😏

*005*2026-01-15 05:54

{{16 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

Great story.I imagine if she continues holding it like she does.There's gonna be 1 day that she doesn't get to go for maybe longer.Because she's just stuck studying and has tests to take on every single class

}}

Lots of possibilities. I like the idea of her not getting a chance when she needs it the most. How about her first freshers' party Imagine lots of beer and long loooong lines!

*008*2026-01-16 01:04

{{5 hours ago, Stu1313 said:

This Jazmin is my kind of lady. Great story 👍👍👍

}}

Absolutely. She knows how a lady should behave 🤩

*009*2026-01-17 12:17

Okay! It's been a hot minute and Jazmin is up to another jaw clenching, skin-tearing hold. This time she pushes herself beyond her capacity and yet finds out that it is NOT ENOUGH! Presenting...

Chapter 2: The First Party Just a day or two after, the semester began. It was like a never-ending playlist of lectures, library sessions, and assignments. The campus was huge, the workload intense, and while other freshmen were stressing about assignments or making friends, I had to worry about something more intense every damn day! I didn’t mind holding it longer. In fact, I loved being in control at all times. But once I crossed the 24-hour mark, my bladder would start screaming and making it difficult for me to fight the pressure. On top of that I hadn't found my perfect window yet. Back home, I had a schedule. Here, the shared bathrooms were the variable I couldn't control.

In the very first week itself, on Tuesday, I ended up holding until 2:30 AM because a group of girls decided to have a crying session in the stalls. On Wednesday, I fell asleep fully dressed with an unrelieved bladder because a few girls returned later after the movies and just kept going in and out of the bathroom. I woke up in a panic at 4:00 AM, my bladder throbbing as I waddled down the hall.

On Friday, I was filling up rapidly. Perhaps my bladder was sore from over holding but I was steadfast that I was not going to change my rule.

"Hey Jazmin, you coming to grab lunch?" Sarah, a girl from my Psych 101 class, asked on Thursday afternoon.

I looked up from my notebook. I was sitting rigidly in my chair, my back arched slightly to alleviate the pressure on my bladder. I had already downed a liter of water, a smoothie and two coffees since I woke up. It felt firm, cantaloupe-sized weight squeezed under my denim shorts. Nothing dramatic, just getting fuller as I liked it.

"Yeah, sure," I said, standing up carefully.

As I rose, gravity took hold. My pee rushed to my pee-hole. I paused for a split second to clench and gently rubbed my hand over my abdomen to smoothen my shirt down.

"You okay?" Sarah asked, noticing the hesitation. "Do you need to stop by the restroom first? It’s on the way."

I laughed, a practiced, casual sound. "Me? No. I prefer to wait."

I was only half-full and it was only 1 PM. Even if I were at school with a much tinier bladder I still wouldn’t have gone to the bathroom. By the time evening rolled around, I would be carrying at least two more litres inside me. Despite my bladder getting fuller, I kept drinking. It wasn't that I was counting every drop, but I knew the volume was massive. A bottle of water during history. A large, iced tea while studying. Another water with dinner. By the night around 11PM, I was shuddering. I had to clench myself really hard and keep my movements to a minimum.

“Stop messing with me!” I sternly asked my bladder and added another glass of water to punish it. It hit like a hammer. Within ten minutes I couldn’t sit still anymore. By 1:15 AM. I was in my room, pacing.

I was wearing my tiny thong, but even the elastic waistband felt like a knife cutting into my bladder bulge. My stomach was distended, hard as a rock, when I looked down.

"Just hold it, idiot," I whispered to my bladder, turning on my heel to pace the other way.

I opened the door and peeked out. Laughter. Someone was blow-drying their hair. The bathroom was still occupied. I slammed my door shut and leaned against it, exhaling a shuddering breath. My bladder sensed the denial and spasmed violently. I bent over, clutching my thighs, my knees crossing together. The urge was a jagged spike, piercing through my composure. I had at least three liters inside me, maybe more.

"Quiet," I hissed, my voice trembling. "We wait."

I threw myself onto my bed, curling into a fetal position to mechanically compress the urge. I lay there for hours, listening to the dorm settle down, sweating through my bra as my bladder throbbed with a dull, strong ache. I had never been so desperate in my life. Three litres of fluids were pumped into my bladder I guess and my sphincters were overworked. No matter how hard I tired. Finally, at 3 AM, silence fell. I crawled out of bed. I couldn't stand straight. I walked to the bathroom like an old woman, bent double, my hands cupped under my massive, heavy bulge to support the weight. When I finally sat on the toilet in the quiet, empty dawn, the release was so intense I saw stars. It took a full three minutes to drain, a roaring, endless waterfall that left me weak, trembling, and utterly triumphant. I had won another day.

Saturday morning, I woke up at 8.00 AM. Roughly 5 hours after I peed a river. The week-long struggle had sabotaged my internal clock. I knew that every night was going to be a challenge if I didn’t train my bladder harder and peed fewer times.

"No squirming today," I murmured, stretching my arms over my head, promising to myself to punish my bladder for disobedience.

I spent the morning lounging in the common room with my laptop, surrounded by the buzz of excitement. The dorm was electric. Tonight was the big Fresher's Party at the Alpha Sigma house.

"It's going to be insane," my neighbour Jessica was saying, painting her nails on the couch.

"Free beer all night, and the I heard the football team is going to be there."

I sat quietly, nursing a large mug of black coffee. It was my second one. The caffeine was already doing its work, kickstarting my kidneys. I felt the first trickle of fluid entering my bladder, a warm, familiar sensation.

"I heard it gets super crowded though," another girl added. "Like, you can't even move."

Jessica rolled her eyes. "Who cares? The only annoying part is the bathroom situation. Last year, my sister said the girls' bathroom turned into a total make-out zone. People were hooking up in the stalls, locking the doors for like hours at a time. And she had to pee so bad that she went had to rush to the alley behind."

I froze mid-sip. Make-out zone. Hour long waits. A little prickle of anxiety ran down my spine. I looked down at my coffee mug, then at the empty litre bottle sitting next to me. I set the mug down.

"Are you going, Jazmin?" Jessica asked, looking at me.

I shrugged, feigning indifference. "Maybe. I might check it out."

"You have to come! It's practically mandatory." She glanced at my half-finished coffee. "We're starting pre-game drinks at eight. You should join."

"I'll see," I said. I picked up my water bottle and took a long swig, drowning the anxiety. My bladder gave a small, premature flutter, as if reacting to the news. But then I shook myself out of the worry. “No! You don’t get to decide!” I told my bladder, “You will contain everything!” I was already planning to drink my usual daily quota probably two or three liters by the time evening hit and this party could be a good way to test my limits. I was not going to miss the party just because my bladder would be full. “Actually, I will come!”

The remainder of the day was blissfully uneventful. No lectures, no deadlines, and plenty of time to kill. I decided to hit the gym with my trusty shaker. Every noticed me as I entered the hall. Mostly there were guys ogling at my cleavage or rather two squished silicone globes. The girls rolled their eyes in jealousy as I started stretching. Once I was done I hit the treadmill. By the time I was done, half of my protein shake was gone. The liquid was thick and heavy, giving me the much-needed energy. The next hour went in a blur, and I could feel my bladder starting to fill up. “Woah! You are pretty active today, isn’t it?” I chuckled to my bladder as I clicked a few mandatory selfies in my tight gym panties and bra. By the time I finished my session, I had that familiar awareness of getting filled up. I was easily at a four on ten full. Nothing worrisome.

Back in my room, I showered and settled into bed to binge-watch the new season of The Crown. I poked my bladder to gauge the fullness. For a few seconds I felt the pee rush to the exit, but I knew it was just a wave. I still had plenty of room and once I settled down, I stopped feeling anything brewing behind my pee hole. With my 1.5 litre tumbler right beside me, I sipped steadily as the drama unfolded on screen. One episode turned into two, then three. Halfway through the second episode, my bladder suddenly woke up as I tried to grab my phone to order food. “WHAT? Keep quiet!” I shushed it and continued to binge.

By the time lunch was done, the tumbler was empty, I was "Day Full." I stood up to stretch, feeling the heavy sway of nearly two liters of liquid inside me. I pressed a hand to my lower belly, feeling the sharp resistance. My bladder felt firm and I felt very full.

After binging, I remembered I had to finish an essay and went to the library. My bladder had woken up for real now and constantly throbbing. I didn’t even realize that I sat cross-legged in the chair, my heel digging into my perineum to provide a subtle counter-pressure. The whole time everyone seated infront of me got an uninterrupted view of my yellow thong-ed cameltoe. I didn’t mind the attention knowing the effect it had on the guys. But as I shifter my position, I realized that my bulge was pushing against the waistband of my skirt. 

But I stayed put, confident that my bladder would have to contain way more than that. Two hours went by and everything that I drank since my last pee was fully pumped into my organ. I looked at my watch, it was 4PM. Thirteen hours since my last pee and I had downed way more liquid way too fast. A litre of water before breakfast, two large coffees, a protein shake at the gym and then 1.5 litre during binging. No wonder I had to spend considerable energy to keep myself clenched.

My bladder spasmed suddenly to remind me, “Please empty me. I’m tired!”

I packed up my bag and stood. The weight dropped, swinging heavily in my pelvis. I needed to pee. A normal person would go now, especially with a party coming up. The library restroom was right there. Empty. Clean.

I walked past it.

"Not happening," I whispered and stepped out to get a few makeup products from nearby shops.

As I walked into town, the late evening sun felt warm on my skin, so much so that my throat felt like a desert. I stopped at the campus café on my way to the stores.

"One large Matcha Iced Tea, please," I ordered, knowingly squeezing my bladder behind the counter. It was my own way to test my fullness and differentiate between a wave or true emergency. It was a mistake as the pressure spiked and didn’t subside thereafter. In fact, it got worse when I sat down. I realized how full I had truly gotten. The waist band of my skirt sharply dug into my bulge. Yes, it was jutting out by at least two inches. But that was about it, I was not even thinking about going to the bathroom as it was just 6PM now. I still had nine more hours before I would allow myself to remove my thong. Thus, I simply chugged the cold, sweet tea adding another half liter to my already full reservoir. I wasn't desperate but I was getting uncomfortable now.

Just hold it. I sternly told my bladder and forced myself to walk with my back straight, my core engaged to support the weight, enjoying the satisfaction of knowing that none of them around me could even hold a quarter of what I was holding.

Jessica bumped into me in the hallway back at the dorm. She was bouncing on her toes. "Ugh, I'm bursting," she groaned, clutching her crotch. "I've peed like five times today and I still have to go again before we leave. Tiny bladder problems, right?"

She looked at me expectantly, waiting for me to sympathize with her.

Her words made me shudder, but I stood there, absolutely still. My bladder was currently holding nearly two liters of fluid, visibly protruding up to my navel "I wouldn't know," I said coolly, shifting my weight to my left leg to ease the ache. "I haven't gone since this morning."

Jessica's jaw dropped. "What? Are you serious? You've been drinking water all day, I saw you!"

"Yeah, I can contain my waters," I said, a small, arrogant smile playing on my lips.

I walked into my room and closed the door. I looked at the clock. 7 PM. I had just an hour to go before the party even started. I patted my hard, swollen belly. I was holding a dam behind my pee hole by sheer will. I was a little desperate now. You're going to hold it, I told my reflection, blowing air out of my mouth. I’m not taking you to the bathroom till it’s at least 1AM. And if the bathroom is a make-out zone, then fine. We just won't use it. We'll simply contain. My bladder contracted in protest, a sharp, angry squeeze that made me catch my breath. I ignored it and reached for another bottle of water. I was not going to let it win.

I had chosen a metallic silver mini-dress for the night. It was tight and the fabric was thin. As I wiggled into it, it clung to every curve of my body like a second skin. Up top, my massive silicone breasts fought against the neckline, spilling out in a way that was borderline obscene. I was just one deep breath away from flashing. But it was lower down that the real show was happening. My bladder was a distinct, rock-hard sphere protruding from my otherwise flat stomach. The dress stretched tight over the bulge, the metallic fabric catching the light and highlighting the round contour above my crotch.

I turned to the side. It looked like I was hiding a grapefruit under my dress.

"Perfect," I whispered, pressing a hand firmly against the mound. My bladder spasmed in response, a sharp, whining plea for release. I had to immediately cross my legs. My hands flew to my sides as I tried to balance myself, clenching myself in rhythms. The added bottle of water was making things too difficult. I could no longer stand still for more than a few seconds. Every thirty second I found myself swaying my hips or crossing my legs.

The Alpha Sigma house was a sensory overload. Bass thumped through the floorboards, the air was filled with the smell of cheap cologne and beer, and bodies were pressed together in a sweating, grinding mass. Jessica grabbed my arm, shouting over the music.

"My girl! You’re almost naked!" She wasn't wrong. My dress was barely two feet long, starting from my boobs.

“NO! She’s not”, I heard another girl push her aside. She was dressed in a tiny bandeau top, a black microskirt and animal print heels. I gulped down looking at the way her boobs projected out of her frame. I had never seen such a brazen display of cleavage and underboobs in real life. She made even my boobs look tiny. Her butt cheeks jiggled as she walked over to the counter with three guys following her. To be honest, I felt jealous of her.

“Ignore that bitch,” Jessica scoffed.

I may not be naked but I’m definitely holding more pee than you ever could. I thought to myself.

As we pushed through the crowd, eyes locked onto me. I knew what they were looking at. My oiled-up cleavage definitely was a distraction, but the real curiosity was the tight, pronounced curve of my lower belly.

"Can I get you a drink?" A guy with a backwards cap leaned in, shouting to be heard.

"Beer," I shouted back. "And make it quick."

I downed the first beer in three long gulps. The carbonation hit my stomach instantly, adding a fizzy, expanding pressure to the boiling mass of pee I was already carrying. My bladder sent a frantic signal: Too much. Stop.

I grabbed another can from a passing tray. Shut up, I commanded internally. You're going to take every drop.

By my fourth beer, I was bursting. Alcohol is a diuretic; it stops your body from retaining water and sends everything straight to the bladder. My bladder was screaming as I continued to chug more beer on top of the liters I had carried all day. I was standing near the wall, trying to look casual while my body was shuddering. I was holding my breath as I endured a guy named Jack flirting with me, leaning his arm against the wall next to my head.

"So yeah, leg day is brutal," he said.

I nodded, smiling tightly. My own legs were currently doing more work than he could ever imagine. I had them pressed together so hard that I could crack a watermelon in between. The pressure felt like there was a hammer trying to blow open my pee hole.

Please, my bladder seemed to beg, sending a wave of heat through my pelvis. I can't stretch anymore.

Watch me, I thought viciously.

"You want another?" Jack asked, pointing to my empty cup.

"Yes," I said, meeting Jack's eyes. "Actually, bring me three." I was punishing it. If it wanted to complain about being full, I would show it what full really meant.

By 11PM. I was sweating profusely. I was shaking. My labia was squivering under my thong and I was fighting with all my strength to not leak. Six beers. Plus water. Plus the day's load. I wasn't standing still anymore. I couldn't. I was jittery and constantly shifting my weight from my left hip to my right. If I was sat my legs locked into a pretzel. My bulge was stretching the dress to the point where the seams started to split. I couldn’t maintain a proper conversation with Tyler anymore. If he paid attention he would know that I was bursting to pee.

I took a sip of my sixth beer. My hand was shaking. Every swallow felt like I was pouring gasoline onto a fire. My bladder was screaming, a high-pitched, frantic alarm. RELEASE. NOW. EMERGENCY.

I watched a girl stumble out of the bathroom, looking relieved. Two more pushed their way in, giggling. I clamped my internal muscles shut with my last shreds of strength. It felt like I was holding back a tidal wave with a paper dam. My sphincter was burning, trying to maintain the seal against the explosive pressure of nearly four liters of fluid.

Stop screaming, I scolded internally. You're going to hold seven and not embarrass me. You hear me? Seven.

Midnight. Seven beers.

I was hanging by a thread. The pressure was astronomical. My vision was blurring at the edges.

"Hey, you look like you're heading out," Jack said, catching me as I turned toward the door. He glanced down at my fiercely clamped legs and the massive, hard swelling in my dress. "My car's right outside. I can drop you at your dorm? You look... uncomfortable." The offer was tempting. God, it was tempting. A car seat. A five-minute drive. I could be home and on the toilet in ten minutes. My bladder leaped at the hope, relaxing slightly in anticipation.

I narrowed my eyes. That was weakness. Taking the easy way out? Admitting I needed help because I couldn't handle my bursting bladder?

Nice try, I thought, clamping down harder on the hopeful organ. You don't get off that easy.

"No thanks," I said, my voice strained but firm. "I prefer to walk."

"Are you sure? It's like a twenty-minute walk. And it's freezing."

"I said no."

I turned and walked out the door.

The cold air hit me like a slap. My bladder contracted so violently I almost doubled over right on the porch. I had to stop, grabbing the railing, my knuckles white. Walk, I ordered myself. It was more of a waddle. My thighs were glued together, rubbing against each other with every millimetre of movement. I had to keep my back hunched slightly to protect my core. The beer was being pumped inside my bladded like a water balloon being filled with a hose.

My heels were making it worse. Halfway through, I stopped under a streetlamp, dropping my head, sweat dripping off my nose despite the cold. My body was shaking uncontrollably. You want to leak? I hissed internally at the desperate, screaming load, You want to humiliate me? Go ahead. Try it. I will clamp you shut until you burst.

I was leaking tiny, terrified drops of sweat, but not a drop of pee. My control was iron. I forced myself to straighten up, just a little, refusing to shove my hands in my crotch. I was Jazmin. I was the boss. And I was going to carry this ocean all the way home on my own two feet.

The walk had taken forty-five minutes instead of twenty. By the time I reached my room, I was a trembling, sweating vessel of pure endurance. I leaned back against my closed door, my breasts heaving with shallow, panicked breaths and popping out of my under-sized dress. I couldn't take a deep breath. My diaphragm had nowhere to go. My bladder had expanded upward, claiming every inch of space in my torso. If I inhaled too deeply, the pressure on the top of my bladder would force the sphincter open. I was shallow breathing to survive.

"Safe," I whispered, the word barely audible.

I needed to pee. Now. Right now.

I hobbled myself off the door and shuffled into the hallway. My metallic dress was ruined with sweat, glued to my back. I reached the shared bathroom door. I could hear moans before I even touched the handle. I pushed it open an inch. It was worse than I thought. A guy was shirtless, pinned against the sinks by two girls. Two other couples were clearly occupied in the stalls. The air was thick with humidity and hormones.

Get out, I told myself. If you stay, you'll explode.

I retreated to my room. It was 2AM now. I was lying on my bed on my side, curled into a tight ball. It was the only position that was remotely bearable. My knees were pulled up to my chest, my hands wedged between my thighs, physically holding my urethra shut. My bladder was furious. It was no longer sending signals; it was inflicting pain. Sharp, searing cramps ripped through my strained bulge every few seconds.

Just go in the sink, a desperate voice in my head whispered. You have a sink right there. Just hop up and let go. No one will know.

I stared at the white porcelain sink across the room. It was so close.

"No," I gritted out, sweat stinging my eyes. "We don't do that. We are civilized."

Civilized? My bladder retorted with a violent spasm that made my toes curl. You have four liters of piss inside you. You're going to rupture.

"Shut up!” I hissed aloud, squeezing my thighs together until they bruised. "You wait until I say so!"

The moans inside the bathroom continued even after 3AM. And here I was writhing like an injured animal. I was bursting. I hate to admit it but there was no other way to describe it. I had pushed myself too far and my muscles were cramping and burning. The pressure was tremendous. I was standing in the middle of my room, holding onto the back of my desk chair for support. My legs were shaking so hard the chair was rattling against the floor.

I was hallucinating. I could hear water running. I could feel the release. But it was a lie.

I looked down at myself. The metallic dress had ridden up. My belly was monstrosity. It looked swollen, angry, and impossibly hard. The skin was shiny and tight, stretched to translucence.

"Please," I whimpered. It was the first time I had begged. "Please, just stop hurting." I was only holding it through sheer will power.

I tried to bargain with time. Just until 5. Just ninety more minutes, hoping that everyone would pass out by then.

I literally counted each second till the sky outside was turning a pale, sickly pink. The dorm was finally quiet. The music had stopped hours ago.

I moved toward the door. It wasn't walking. I had to slide my feet along the floor because lifting a leg could burst open my floodgates. My hands were cupped firmly under my massive belly, lifting it slightly to relieve the crushing weight on my pee hole. I still had not touched my crotch once and neither had I leaked. I was faintly proud of it. floor.

Somehow, I reached the bathroom. Empty. Silence. I didn't rush. I couldn't. I made it to the last stall. I turned the lock. I stood in front of the toilet, staring at the water.

"Okay," I whispered. My voice was wrecked. "Okay."

I reached for the zipper of my dress. My fingers were numb. I struggled with the metal tab, sobbing with frustration and my legs frantically crossing, hopping and fanning. My bladder was hammering my pee hole with the relief so tantalizingly close. Finally, it gave way. I peeled the dress down.

My stomach plopped forward, freed from the fabric. It was magnificent and terrifying. A perfectly round, taut basketball of fluid. I sat down but I didn’t let go.

I clawed my thighs which were still fighting and twisting. I wanted to be it my way and not an uncontrolled release. I looked at my watch. It read 6.05 AM. 27 hours and over five litres of fluid was pumped inside me over the past day and most of it was boiling inside my bladder as pee. I counted for a minute and just as I was about to go.

The stall next to me opened with a sharp click. I froze. I heard the rustle of fabric, then the squeak of the toilet seat as a girl settled onto it.

My entire body went rigid. I clenched every muscle I had, my focus narrowing down to a single point of failure. I was feeling light-headed, black spots dancing at the edge of my vision. My fingers dug ferociously into my thighs, my nails surely drawing blood, but I couldn't feel the pain. All I felt was the screaming pressure inside me.

My neck veins bulged, straining against the skin. I could practically feel steam coming out of my ears from the sheer thermal effort of holding back nearly a gallon or more of pee, threatening to explode. My lower back was throbbing with a dull, heavy ache, and my bladder felt like it was on fire, a hot, expanding ball of lava trying to burn a hole through pee hole. My holding muscles felt like they were being stabbed with a serrated knife every time I clenched tighter.

Just hold it, I commanded silently, my face scrunched into agony. LET. HER. GO. FIRST.

Then, it started.

WOOSH.

The girl next door unleashed a torrent. It was loud—impossibly loud. It hit the water with the force of a pressure washer. I listened biting my lips to muffle my scream. Five seconds. Ten seconds. Twenty. She just kept going. It was a gusher, a hose left open on full blast. The sound of her release was torture. My body recognized the sound of the gurgling and splattering water under her ass. My sphincter spasmed violently, that made me gasp aloud. I slammed my legs together so hard my knees bruised, my entire body violently shaking.

Don't you dare, I hissed internally. You are not going to let her hear you. You are invisible.

She was still going. Thirty seconds. How much was this girl holding. It was like a waterfall.

I was turning blue. I stopped breathing entirely to prevent any unwanted pressure on my tearing bladder. Tears leaked from the corners of my tightly shut eyes. I was right on the toilet. The relief was right there. I could just let go. I could join her. But the shame was stronger than the pain. The idea of someone hearing the roar of my own pent-up flood, of knowing that it was a sign of weakness.

I held on. I shook, I sweated, and I prayed for her to finish, while my bladder screamed in silent, agonizing protest.

The waterfall next to me continued. Forty seconds. Fifty.

I was hallucinating now. The sound of her stream was the only thing in the universe. It was endless, a continuous, thundering roar that didn't even waver in intensity. I was gripping my own thighs so hard I thought I might snap a femur. My bladder was convulsing, trying to sync up with her rhythm, but I was locked in a paralytic state of denial.

How? I thought frantically. How is she still going?

Two minutes passed. Then three.

I was stunned. Despite the fire consuming my lower body, a part of my brain was in awe. This wasn't a normal pee. This was an event. This girl was unloading a lake. She just kept going, the sound echoing off the tiles, filling the silence of the bathroom with her sheer capacity. Finally, after what felt like three full minutes of high-pressure release, the stream sputtered. It slowed to a heavy trickle, then a drip, and finally, silence. My watch read 6.11AM.

I watched through the gap under the stall partition. I saw her stand up. I saw her pull up a pair of black latex thongs, snapping them against her hips. Then came a black micro-skirt, barely long enough to cover anything. And finally, she stepped into view properly, or at least her feet did. She was wearing a pair of ridiculously high heels in a loud, tacky animal print.

My eyes widened. I knew those shoes. I had seen them at the Alpha Sigma party last night, attached to the girl who had been dancing on the table.

She unlocked the stall door and stepped out. I heard the main door to the bathroom creak open. A male voice drifted in.

"Babe? You okay in there? You were in there forever."

The girl laughed. It was a husky, confident sound. "Oh, relax, Rex. I told you, didn't I?"

"Told me what?"

"I told you I only pee every other day," she said, her voice dripping with satisfaction. "I was carrying a gallon in there.”

The door of the stall opened again, “See, its filled to the brim?” She chuckled. “Now do you believe me? Or do I need to prove it again on Tuesday?"

“That’s way more than a gallon babe,” the guy chuckled. The door clicked shut, leaving me alone in the silence.

I sat there, my mouth hanging open, my bladder throbbing in confused admiration. Every alternate day? I looked down at my own swollen, bulge. Suddenly, my twenty-four-hour rule felt... rookie. For a split second, I thought of abandoning my pee and attempt to hold it for another 24 hours but my bladder spasmed again begging to me.

“FINE!, I reluctantly commanded. "GO!!"

And then, the dam broke. It was violent. The stream hit the water with such force it splashed back against my cheeks. It wasn't a stream; it was a fire hose. The sound was thunderous, echoing off the tile walls like a jet engine.

"OH... MY... GOD!" I screamed, throwing my head back, my hands gripping the handicap rail so hard the metal groaned. The relief was instantaneous and overwhelming. It was better than sex. It was better than anything. My eyes rolled back in my head, my mouth hanging open as a guttural moan escaped my throat.

It went on. And on. And on.

One minute passed. The stream was still at full pressure. I watched my belly, entranced. Slowly, agonizingly slowly, the rock-hard mound began to soften.

Two minutes. I was panting, sweat dripping off my nose. The roar continued, a relentless purging of the beer, the water, the coffee, the pride. My legs were shaking from the sheer vibrations of the flow leaving my body.

Finally, after just over three minutes, the roar tapered off into a heavy, splashing stream, then suddenly stopped. It felt like a strong flush that stops suddenly after the tank is emptied. My bladder had contracted with every possible strength to push all the piss out at once. I slumped forward, resting my forehead against the cool stall door. I was empty. I was hollow. I was alive.

I sat there for a long time, listening to the silence. I gulped down thinking to myself, “Need to train harder! Need to hold longer. Like. Her.”

- - - To be Continued - - -

*011*2026-01-17 14:05

{{11 minutes ago, Adamn said:

The story is getting hotter🔥

And I wonder what kind of girl Rex's girlfriend is? Will she be able to prove it till Wednesday🤭

}}

Yes Rex has a good taste, isn't it? It will be an epic bursting battle of bladders 😍

*013*2026-01-18 03:13

{{11 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I didn't know there was going to be a continuation of this. I'm at work right now so I can't read it, but when I get off, I will start reading it.

}}

Yes, I will wait for it. Do let me know buddy 😁

*015*2026-01-18 17:23

{{1 hour ago, Normie Fella said:

Oh for fuck sake YESSIR!!!!!! Rexone, his story, and a casual Sunday... Now that's a fucking incredible combo of gooning 😈😈

}}

Holy molyyyy! Its going to be an epic gusher of a different type, ain't it?

*018*2026-01-21 02:55

{{8 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

Just finished the story and I have to say this is amazing and I can't wait to read more since there's going to be a third chapter.

}}

I am so happy to hear from you. Yes, I am working on building the next chapter and seeing how we could push her beyond the limits. It will test Jazmin like anything...

*020*2026-01-21 03:06

{{8 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I feel like she would want to challenge that girl with the leopard print shoes who she heard goes every other day.

}}

Ssshhh! Let's keep the plot a secret 😉

{{8 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I feel like she would want to challenge that girl with the leopard print shoes who she heard goes every other day.

}}

Ssshhh! Let's keep the plot a secret 😉

