What Happens in Lilycove - A Dawn and Rosa Omo Fic

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2020-10-27 02:59

A story commission by Night Rain! I don't usually write diaper stories, but I think this one turned out well! Only Dawn's wearing a diaper in this one, so there's still some traditional desperation on Rosa's side, and Dawn still has to hold it too, so I hope you guys enjoy this one!

How much further is it, Dawn?”

“I don’t know, but from what that friendly old couple told us a while back, we should be getting close.”

Rosa and Dawn trudged along after walking for the better part of the day. They hadn’t sufficiently prepared for the lengthy travel between Fortree City and Lilycove, so upon realizing they were running low on supplies, the two resolved to make it to the next city before the day’s end. A task that was easier said than done. Between getting lost in the maze of tall grasses that lined the route and the detour to Mt. Pyre, the two had been traveling for the hours, and the sun was starting to set.

“I hope they’re right, I’m ready to collapse,” Rosa admitted.

She was tempted to suggest they stop and set up camp right here, but the two barely had enough food to snack on, let alone a proper dinner and breakfast the next morning. She sincerely hoped the old couple who had given them directions weren’t lying when they said Lilycove wasn’t far.

It wasn’t just her exhaustion getting to her, though. Rosa fell back in step behind Dawn and placed a hand on her abdomen. Her t-shirt and frilly yellow shorts hid it well, but she could feel a slight bulge pressing out against her waistband. The two hadn’t had the chance to make a pit-stop all day, and she was really starting to feel the effects of it.

Rubbing her full bladder with one hand, she focused on Dawn ahead of her. The shorter girl looked equally as exhausted as she was, and Rosa was sure Dawn hadn’t had the chance to go since this morning either. Surely she must also need to pee?

A wave of desperation hit Rosa, and she was forced to stop and press her thighs together, drawing in a sharp breath that got Dawn’s attention.

“Are you alright?”

“Y-yeah,” Rosa nodded, “I just really have to pee.”

Dawn blushed and looked away. Rosa wasn’t one to mince words, and while the two of them had similar upbeat, energetic personalities-- at least when they hadn’t just spent an entire day hiking-- Rosa was definitely more straightforward and tomboyish than the much more feminine Dawn.

“Well, hang in there, The road’s getting wider, I bet the city’s just over that next hill.”

“Actually, I was thinking of just going here, gotta go pretty bad,” Rosa admitted, making a point of holding herself and squirming in place as if to illustrate her point, “Besides, I know you won’t admit it, but you’ve gotta go too, right?”

“W-well,” Dawn looked away, blushing as she shuffled her legs uncomfortably, “I’m going to try to hold it until we get to Lilycove.”

“Fine, fine,” Rosa sighed, “Let’s keep moving, then.”

“I thought you were gonna go? Dawn asked.

“Well, I don’t want to keep you waiting on me when you have to go too,” Rosa pointed out, “Besides, you’re right, the city’s probably just over that hill. I can hold it.”

Rosa gave herself one last squeeze before letting go of her crotch and marching onwards with renewed determination. Dawn, feeling a bit guilty, fell into step behind her. In truth, Dawn did really have to go. Not only had she also been holding it since this morning, but her bladder was naturally much smaller than Rosa’s. Her bladder was uncomfortably swollen, sitting like a rock in her abdomen and begging for release.

In fact, Dawn would’ve likely wet herself already were it not for one thing-- a little secret hidden just under her dark blue and pink dress: A diaper. This was not only the reason she had managed to hold out as long as Rosa in terms of holding it, but was also why she didn’t want to join her friend in going outdoors right there. She wanted nothing more than to remove her diaper and finally relieve herself, but doing so in Rosa’s presence would mean revealing her diaper to her. Not to mention that changing it would be an ordeal in and of itself.

Since Dawn was little, she had always had trouble staying dry. Even if she only had to pee a little bit, she’d start leaking intermittently. At first it was something her mother thought she could outgrow, but as Dawn got older it became more and more obvious that she’d have to start working around it. The obvious solution, naturally, was diapers. Dawn hated them at first and refused to wear them, opting instead to keep a bathroom, pads, and a few spares of underwear around just in case, but after a particularly embarrassing incident where she hadn’t caught how wet her leggings were until she was mocked for it in a crowd of people, she begrudgingly resigned herself to her fate.

Luckily, technology made for slim, slender diapers that, when dry, weren’t much different than a pair of underwear in terms of profile. She was able to keep her embarrassing dependence on them a secret from everyone who didn’t absolutely need to know. That included Rosa. She and Rosa had gotten extremely close during their travels together, and she trusted her with a great many things, but diapers were her eternal shame. It was the one thing she refused to share.

If I hadn’t been leaking so much, I might have been able to pretend it was just underwear, but now that it’s so full…

Dawn, having held it for so long, had been leaking steadily and considerably, to the point where her diaper was now nearly full. It had swelled up from all the pee it absorbed. It was still slender enough to fit under her dress, especially with the way the dress flared out like a skirt at the bottom, but if she were to flash Rosa at this point, there was no doubt the other girl would realize immediately what she was wearing.

With her hands figuratively tied, Dawn followed behind Rosa. Not that she hadn’t already suspected it before, but now with the confirmation that the girl had to pee, her desperation was obvious. She was walking somewhat awkwardly, pressing her thighs together and taking slow, deliberate steps. She had opted to go without her typical black leggings today, probably due to the heat, so Dawn could see a sheen of sweat on her bare legs. Rosa’s yellow shorts looked to still be dry in the crotch, something Dawn was a bit envious of, but she also had no way of knowing the state of Rosa’s panties.

Rosa, however, could feel them. She had let out a small leak earlier when she stopped earlier. Just a few drops, but she could now feel a small wet spot on the fabric. To make matters worse, the warm dampness was rubbing right up-against her pee-hole, serving as a constant reminder to just how full her bladder was.

It’ll be fine. Like Dawn said, Lilycove should be just over this next hill. Then we can find the nearest Pokemon Center and make a beeline for the bathrooms. I can hold it!

Rosa held her breath as she took the next few steps up to the top of the hill, and let out a sigh of relief when she saw tall buildings and a road sign welcoming them to Liycove. If she had been any less desperate, Rosa would’ve full-on sprint the rest of the way, but she didn’t trust herself to stay dry through something like that. She also knew that Dawn was much less athletically inclined. Not that the shorter girl was out of shape, it was just hard to compete with Rosa’s usually boundless energy and stamina.

“Finally!” Rosa beamed, staring at the city eagerly.

“L-let’s hurry,” Dawn urged, squirming around in an effort to leak as little as possible. Her diaper was saturated almost to its leaking point, and if Dawn didn’t get to a bathroom soon, it would start to overflow. Not to mention that, even with the steady leaks into her diaper, Dawn’s bladder was still full to bursting. As her desperation worsened, her leaks were coming more frequently. She was quickly running out of time.

The two made their way into the city proper and looked around. Lilycove was a humbly-sized, but bustling city, with its famous department store towering in the distance. Tourist signs pointing to the Lilycove Museum and the Cove Lily Motel sat right near the entrance. There was also a sign that would’ve marked the way to the Pokemon Center, but it seemed that someone had defaced it- the arrow was unreadable.

Frowning, Rosa tried to look around for the familiar red roof. Unfortunately, she couldn’t spot the building. They’d have to find it themselves. Ordinarily that wouldn’t be an issue, and if anything it would’ve given them time to explore the city. However, in their current state, neither were thrilled about the prospect of having to search for relief.

“I can’t find the Poke Center, we’ll have to look,” Rosa sighed.

“Le-let’s just take the main road. It shouldn’t be that hard to find somewhere to go,” Dawn suggested, her voice shaky.

“You holding up?” Rosa asked, looking back at Dawn. She was looking rather worried, with beads of sweat rolling down her forehead. She was also shuffling her legs back and forth uncomfortably.

“Fine, just, let’s hurry!”

Rosa nodded, agreeing wholeheartedly with the sentiment. Her bladder felt like a swollen balloon, filled to bursting with a day’s-worth of urine. Every step she could feel its weight shifting, slamming against her bladder muscles like a caged Bouffalant trying to break free. She rubbed her abdomen and pressed onwards, taking careful steps as she scanned the buildings. An inn, a Pokemart, a restaurant. Anywhere was fine, as long as she could finally pee.

Of course, fate would not be on their side today. Rather than the Pokemon Center, the girls found them on the other end of the city. Rosa wasn’t even sure how they made it that far without wetting themselves, but one thing was for sure- the crashing waves and the seabreeze weren’t doing either of them any favors.

“Oh my god, this is impossible, where’s the Pokemon Center? Where’s anything?” Rosa asked as she tried to ignore the sound of the ocean nearby. She was forced to resort to holding herself, clamping her hands down over her crotch as she danced in place.

“I don’t know,” Dawn shook her head, “But we need to find something fast, I’m seriously about to-”

Before Dawn could finish her sentence, a particularly strong gust of wind blew through, sending chills up their bare legs. Rosa clamped down on her crotch, but the wind caught the billowy ends of her yellow shorts, and Dawn caught a short glimpse of her panties- a blue-and-white striped pair from what she could see. Any other time she would’ve teased Rosa about it, but the wind had also caught her dress. She tried to press it down, but not before the already short dress was lifted up enough to flash Rosa.

Dawn blushed furiously as she held her skirt down, almost frozen in place. Dawn sincerely hoped Rosa hadn’t seen anything, but the baffled look on her traveling partner’s face told her all she needed to know.

“W-was that a-”

“Y-y-y-y-yes,” Dawn cut her off, face beet red and yet somehow still turning darker, “L-l-l-listen, it’s not what you think! I’m not a little girl who can’t hold it! I just… my body… I’ve always been bad with leaking, so I wear one just in case… and well… we’ve been walking so long and I’ve been leaking a lot, and now it’s full and I really need to pee! D-d-d-don’t make fun of me!”

Before she knew it, Dawn had blurted out everything. She was mortified. She could barely think straight. All she wanted was to find a toilet, pee, and then hide in the stall for the rest of forever.

She squeezed her eyes shut, preparing for Rosa’s laughter or her awkward disgust, but instead she felt the warmth of arms wrapping around her. The sudden contact surprised Dawn and she let out a particularly big spurt into her diaper.

“I wasn’t gonna make fun of you, Dawn. It sounds like it’s not your fault you need them, so don’t feel bad.”

“Y-you really won’t laugh?” Dawn asked.

“Listen, if anything I’m a little jealous, I have to pee so bad I’d die to be wearing a diaper right now,” Rosa admitted, releasing Dawn and grabbing her crotch as she tried to hold it, “C’mon, let’s go find that Pokemon Center before we both burst!”

“You girls said you were looking for the Pokemon Center?”

The sudden sound of a new voice shocked both of the girls, and Rosa let out another leak in surprise. Not caring about pretenses anymore, she doubled over and jammed both hands between her legs, scissoring them furiously as she fought to regain control. Dawn was much more composed, but only on the outside. She, too, had let out another leak, and just as she feared, she could feel a few errant dribbles escape out from the leg holes.

“Sorry, didn’t mean to startle you, or eavesdrop, for that matter” the source of the voice, a girl with brown hair and blue eyes beamed back at them. She was wearing a red vest with black bike shorts, with a bandana on her head and a bag around her waist, “My name’s May! I saw you two looking lost and I overheard you saying you need to find the Pokemon Center?”

“Y-yes,” Rosa nodded, somewhat embarrassed. May hadn’t brought it up, but if she heard that much, then she must’ve also overheard that the two were in desperate need of a bathroom.

“It’s right down that road,” May pointed to a side rode, “Follow the road until you get to the old bookshop, then take a right and then you should see it. It used to be along the main road, but then they decided to relocate for some reason. I’m from Hoenn, but I don’t live here in Lilycove, so I have no idea why.”

“Okay, great, thanks!” Rosa beamed, “Come on, Dawn, let’s hurry!”

“Oh, and one more thing-” May began, but the two were already walking off as fast as they could with their full bladders.

“Sorry,” Dawn called back, flashing her an apologetic smile, “We’re really in a rush here!”

May let out a small sigh.

I was going to warn them about that Pokemon Center’s Nurse Joy, but… well, I’m sure they’ll manage.

Rosa and Dawn beelined it down the path May showed them. Rosa let out a few more leaks into her panties, but she couldn’t be bothered to slow down. She was bursting and the sooner they got to the Pokemon Center, the better. Dawn, was struggling to keep up, trying not to tax her bladder or leak any more than she already was into her full diaper. What should’ve been a quick five-minute walk felt like it took hours to the two of them. Finally, however, the familiar red roof and universal symbol for the Pokemon Center appeared in their line of sight, shining like a beacon of hope.

Just the very sight of it caused their desperation to heighten, as though knowing that relief was just around the corner.

“Oh thank god,” Rosa sighed, “I’m really about to wet myself here.”

“Same, I’m at my limit,” Dawn admitted.

Meanwhile, at the Pokemon center, a woman with pink hair and a glazed-over expression sat behind the desk. The day had been agonizingly dull, and to make matters worse, a Representative from the Hoenn Pokemon Center Organization, which oversaw the human and pokemon health facilities in Hoenn, had been hovering over her all day, ensuring that her and her staff were up-to-par with current standards of care and hospitality.

I’m practically falling asleep here. Maybe I can ask one of the other staff to take over for a bit. I can take care of things in private and then take a nap in the breakroom.

Nurse Joy’s hand reached for the receiver to call for another member of the staff when she heard the automatic doors whir open and saw Dawn and Rosa hobble in. Immediately, her interest was piqued. It was immediately obvious that the two girls were in desperate need of the bathrooms. Rosa was shifting uncomfortably from foot to foot with a hand jammed between her legs, and Dawn was doing a full-on potty dance. Nurse Joy watched them from her desk as they looked around for the bathrooms, only to find an out-of-order sign on the doors.

Oh my~ I could have some fun with them.

Rosa rushed up to the desk and met Nurse Joy’s gaze with pleading eyes, “Hey, sorry, real quick, is there another bathroom here?”

“No, sorry,” Nurse Joy shook her head, feigning an apologetic smile, “Unfortunately, one of the toilets broke, so they’re out of order right now.”

That was half-true. The bathrooms in the lobby were just closed for cleaning, and there were plenty of other bathrooms in the facility the girls could use. The fact that the a Pokemon Center this large wouldn’t have any other public restrooms should’ve raised some suspicions, but neither girl seemed to notice that.

“Oh,” Rosa frowned, shuffling in place. The poor girl couldn’t even stand still, and Nurse Joy quickly glanced down. A subtle, but visible bulge was pressing out against the girl’s waistband. The older woman felt herself getting excited at the thought of how badly Rosa must need to pee.

“Isn’t there anywhere around here we can go? Somewhere close by?” Dawn asked.

“I’m terribly sorry. The nearest place with public bathrooms I can think of is the Lilycove Department store, but that’s at least 5 blocks away,” Nurse Joy answered.

Once again, she was lying. Just down the street was a small store with public restrooms, and the Pokemart was much closer than the department store from here. Still, seeing as the two girls were likely unfamiliar with the area, neither of them seemed to realize this either.

“Oh my god, I can’t hold it,” Rosa frowned, raising a leg up and squeezing her thighs together as she held her crotch, “Isn’t there anywhere we can go?”

“Weeeeeell,” Nurse Joy placed a finger on her lip, thinking. She enjoyed drawing the word out as though she were genuinely trying to come up with a solution for the girls, but the opposite was true. She was wracking her brain to figure how she was going to keep these two girls dancing desperately in front of her for as long as possible. The idea excited her even more, and she could feel herself getting wet underneath her nurse’s uniform.

“Please, we’ve been holding it all day, aren’t there any staff bathrooms?” Dawn pleaded.

“No, unfortunately,” Nurse Joy shook her head, “Actually, I’ve been holding it in a bit now too.”

To appear genuine, the Nurse gave herself a quick squeeze and shuffled around in mock desperation. It was actually true that Nurse Joy hadn’t gone to the bathroom for some time now, but while she could feel some pee building up in her bladder, it wasn’t nearly enough to make her anywhere near desperate.

Once again, though, the two girls bought it instantly, and Dawn flashed her an apologetic look, “Sorry!”

Rosa shuffled and turned towards the door, “If there really aren’t any bathrooms here, we’ll have to find somewhere else.”

Dawn groaned, rubbing her abdomen, “But I really don’t know if I can hold it anymore.”

“Me neither,” Rosa admitted, but if there aren’t bathrooms here, what are we going to do?”

Nurse Joy acted quickly to keep them in the Pokemon Center, “Um, well, I don’t know if you girls were planning on staying the night here, but if I check you in real quick, there are bathrooms in each of the rooms.”

“Oh thank god!” Rosa turned back around, hopping from foot to foot as she tried desperately not to wet herself right there, “Where are they?”

“Well, I’ll have to sign you in first,” Nurse Joy pointed out.

“Can’t you just let us go, and then sign us in?” Dawn asked, hugging herself as she rubbed her swollen abdomen. Her dress wasn’t as form-fitting as Rosa’s t-shirt and waistband, but now that she was running a hand along it, Nurse Joy could also see a distinct bulge from her bladder.

“Sorry, I can’t let you into a room you aren’t staying in, and the rooms are randomly assigned by our system based on which ones are free, so I can’t tell you what room number is yours until you’re signed in.”

“We’re seriously about to wet ourselves here, are you sure you can’t make an exception?” Rosa asked.

“Sorry, I’ll get into really big trouble if I did,” Nurse Joy apologized.

Dawn placed a hand on Rosa’s shoulder, “L-let’s just sign in quickly! It’s better than having to walk 5 blocks to the department store.”

“That’s true,” Rosa nodded.

“Okay, great, let me just pull up the form here,” Nurse Joy smiled. She clicked and the form popped up near-instantly, but that would be too easy. She collapsed the form and feigned clicking on the screen a few more times, “Oh dear, I’m really sorry, our computer systems have been being really slow today. I know you girls are in a hurry.”

“It’s okay, it’s not your fault!” Dawn replied innocently. Nurse Joy suppressed a mischievous laugh. It was very much her fault, but the fact that the girls didn’t suspect a thing was exhilarating.

I wonder if they’re the friendly types who give everyone they meet the benefit of the doubt? It might be fun to toy with them longer.

On the other side of the desk, Rosa and Dawn were seriously struggling. They had entered the Pokemon Center already nearing the height of their desperation, and now with all the delays, Rosa was almost astonished that she had stayed relatively dry for so long. She was practically doubled over the desk, resting one arm on the counter for support and the other jammed tightly against her crotch. Her legs buckled as she leaked again, and she held her breath and squeezed her eyes shut, focusing all of her energy on staving off the flow. Luckily it was a short leak and she was able to regain control, but she could now feel a small wet patch growing on her shorts.

As bad as Rosa had it, Dawn had it even worse. Her already-weak bladder muscles were reaching their limits. The leaks were almost constant, and they were getting longer. Her saturated diaper would not hold more liquid, so she could feel dribbles leaking out down her legs. She was worried she would start leaving drops of urine all over the floor. It was also impossible to hold herself properly with her diaper. Any attempts to clamp down on her crotch for relief would simply squeeze more pee out of the padded material. Instead, she shuffled her legs back and forth and tried to control her breathing, taking in sharp breaths.

“Oh my god, how much longer?” Rosa asked, looking over at Nurse Joy with pleading eyes.

“Hold on,” Nurse Joy feigned a look of concern, “It seems like the computer’s frozen, I’m trying to fix it.”

“Please hurry!” Dawn begged, rubbing her abdomen and squeezing her eyes shut.

Nurse Joy savored every wiggle, every bounce, every gasp and every desperate moan. She herself was feeling restless, but her situation was naturally a bit different from theirs. Her heart raced, and it took all her composure to steady her breathing in the face of such an arousing scene. Her panties were wet and sticky from her womanhood, and she wanted nothing more than to touch herself right there as she watched the girls squirming desperately.

I have them. They’re at my whims. I wonder if they’ll wet themselves if I keep this up? This is so much fun~

“Oh my,” Nurse Joy’s eyes widened, “It seems like the system crashed. I’ll have to restart it. I’m terribly sorry for all of this.”

“W-what? Oh my god, I can’t-!”

Rosa’s outburst was cut off by her disappearing from behind the desk. Not wanting to miss the action, Nurse Joy shot up and peered over the counter. A particularly strong wave of desperation had hit Rosa, and another spurt had escaped, soaking through her already soaked panties and causing the wet patch on her yellow shorts to grow. Instantly her legs buckled, and she crouched down, jamming her heel into her crotch to stem the flow. One hand was still resting on the counter, clutching the edge so hard her knuckles were turning white. Her other hand was rubbing her abdomen, running across her swollen bladder in a vain attempt at comfort. Her face was contorted into an expression of pure desperation. Her lips pursed, her cheeks red, and her eyes squeezed shut in focus.

“Are you okay?” Nurse Joy asked in an innocent tone that belied her enjoyment of the scene before her.

“F-fine… just…” Rosa strained to even get the words out, “Hurry!”

“R-right!” Nurse Joy made a show of looking like she was rushing, anxiously trying to get the computer to restart. A few moments later, Rosa, having regained some semblance of control, poked her head back up over the counter, though she was still doubled over with a hand jammed between her legs.

“Okay, the system’s back up, but the form still won’t come up. Our server might be down,” Nurse Joy apologized. Dawn looked like she was ready to cry at the news and Rosa opened her mouth to say something, but Nurse Joy quickly added, “It’s okay! We have manual forms for this situation. I’ll go fetch them real quick.”

Nurse Joy opened a side cabinet near her computer, searching for the forms, while keeping the girls and their struggles in her periphery. Rosa still looked like she was on the verge of a full-on accident, and Dawn was practically shaking in place from the desperation. Beads of sweat were rolling down her forehead and small droplets of pee were leaking out from her diaper. Her leaks were coming every few seconds now, and she was seriously well past her limit. Without her diaper, she would’ve wet herself hours ago, but even with the leaks, her body was demanding full relief.

“Found them! Sorry about that,” Nurse Joy smiled, producing a clipboard with some forms on it, “Ordinarily, I’d ask you two to fill them out, but I’ll give you a hand. If you two will give me your Trainer ID cards?”

Dawn danced around in place as she frantically searched through her bag, and Rosa tore off her backpack and quickly found hers as well. The two couldn’t have handed them to Nurse Joy and faster if they had tried.

“Okay, hold on, let me just get down this information,” Nurse Joy smiled. She began writing, jotting the information down slowly and deliberately. It should’ve been clear at this point that she was just stalling, but neither Rosa nor Dawn had caught onto her at all yet. Instead, the two fought against the inevitable, hoping they could hold out. By some miracle, they managed, and even though Nurse Joy had stalled as long as she could, the two girls had managed to stay dry.

They didn’t wet themselves. I’m almost impressed given how desperate they are. Well, I suppose I’ve stalled long enough.

Nurse Joy stood up and grabbed a key to the room she filled out on the form, “Alright, well, I can take you back to your room now.”

The two nodded and hobbled as quickly as they could over around the desk to follow Nurse Joy. She was careful to avoid any of the other public bathrooms in the Pokemon Center as she led them down the halls to the free rooms they had for Trainers.

“A-ah, no no no no no!”

Nurse Joy whirled around at the cry, and she saw Dawn, crouching down and grabbing herself, no longer concerned about squeezing pee out of her diaper. She clamped her hands down and tried to regain control, but she had simply strained herself too far. Her leaks became a steady, slow stream, dribbling out into her already soaked diaper, and she couldn’t regain control. Rivulettes of pee streamed out from between her legs and with one final, futile attempt to stave the flow, her bladder forced her to let go.

Hot pee gushed out of her, pooling in her already soaked diaper. The weight of all that pee and all the moisture finally took its toll, and her diaper fell down completely, landing on the ground with a wet plop. Unimpeded, her flow of pee streamed out of her with an incredible pressure, splashing loudly against the tiled floor of the Pokemon Center.

“Oh god, I can’t…” Rosa tried to ignore the sounds of Dawn’s wetting, but it proved to be too much for her. Having pushed herself beyond her limits, she felt her bladder muscles giving out. She tried to press her thighs together to hold it just that much longer, but it was no use. A large spurt exploded out of her, soaking through her shorts and the hands she had jammed against her crotch. She stopped the flow, but not a second later, another spurt escaped, and another. The butt of her shorts was starting to soak through with her leaks, and she knew one way or another, she wasn’t making it out of this dry. One final push from her overtaxed bladder, and her dams burst.

“Aaaaaahhhhhh!” Rosa let out a noise that was somewhere between a gasp and a moan, a torrent of pee streaming out of her. Her flow was so strong that it was almost as if she weren’t wearing shorts, with a full stream pouring out of her and also splashing down onto the floor.

Her feelings of embarrassment were completely, totally overshadowed by the sheer orgasmic relief she felt upon finally letting go. She moaned loudly again, revelling in the feeling of her bladder emptying itself. She placed a hand on her abdomen and could feel her swollen bladder shrink like a deflating balloon.

Dawn, too, let out an aroused sigh at the waves of relief that crashed over her body, though for her it took second place to the thought in the forefront of her mind, the diaper, soaked and exposed, sitting on the floor. She looked at it and her face reddened.

As the girls continued wetting themselves in front of her, Nurse Joy could barely stand it. She wanted to touch herself, to play with herself as she watched the two girls empty their bladders in front of her. Her breathing was ragged an she couldn’t suppress the blood that flushed to her face upon seeing the scene. If they had the mind to pay attention, they might have noticed her thoroughly enjoying the sight.

Finally, the two girls finished draining themselves, and a stagnant silence hung in the air after their accident. It was Nurse Joy who spoke first.

“Oh my! I’m terribly sorry for things taking so long, this is all my fault! Don’t worry, I’ll let the staff know to clean this up ASAP! Follow me, I’ll help get you girls cleaned up before I show you to your room!” Nurse Joy smiled, “Especially you. You’ve probably been wearing that wet diaper all day! That can’t be healthy!”

Both girls blushed and nodded silently, and Nurse Joy smiled. She was half-sincere, but she’d do a lot more than get them cleaned up.

I can’t take it anymore! I’m not done toying with you two yet~

The End

