Princess Lily's Desperate Morning

Author: redlaw

*000*2020-12-23 22:26

Trousers Route> Handle It Alone

{{: 

Quote

“Oh, good morning!” Lily replied, her feigned smile contorting into a grimace as she tried not to pee audibly in surprise. She waited conspicuously in the doorway, straining every muscle she could, for the hurried handmaiden to pass so she could shove a hand into her crotch. A few rivulets of pee had slowly been working their way down her legs, and one began to drip from the hem of her trouser leg as she stood, the yellow droplets almost invisible against the colourful carpet. As the handmaiden walked away, her slow dribbling began to pick up once again, building into an audible hiss as the young servant turned a corner.

Looking around, Lily broke into a fervent dance as her body collapsed inward toward her crotch. Slowly, the hiss began to quiet, as the Princess focused all her efforts on slowing her stream. Straightening herself once more, she began to make her way toward the toilet, peeing slightly more forcefully than before, but not enough to be heard. She strode briskly toward the toilet, focusing more on speed than control as urine continued to squirt into her underwear. Her handkerchief padding quickly filled, becoming less and less able to absorb further liquids. Soon enough, Lily felt liquid spraying against her right leg; the saturated handkerchiefs were no longer able to absorb her pee, but instead, were simply redirecting it.

A patch of cloth against her right thigh quickly darkened, and the rivulets that were dripping from her trouser leg swelled, audibly trickling onto the carpet. Realising her protection had failed, Lily panicked. All further pee would expand the wet patch on her trousers and the puddles at her feet, making her accident obvious to anyone who passed. She shoved both hands into her crotch and crossed her legs over them, waddling in this manner as fast as she could towards the toilet. For a moment, she successfully cut off the stream splashing onto her leg, but her momentary success was ended by a cluster of audible torrents shooting into the jungle of saturated handkerchiefs and redirecting chaotically into her trousers.

A splash against her right leg expanded the wet patch to reach across her thigh, sending visible rivulets to join those already running down her leg. A squirt was redirected backward, filling her butt crack with liquid and sending dripping rivulets to follow the curve of her buttocks. A torrent scattered directly against the handkerchiefs, fragmenting into a drizzle that soaked the crotch of her trousers. A gout spurted upwards, splashing forward as it found a path between the buttons in her fly.

She continued spurting as she staggered toward the toilet, still desperately trying to keep her flood at bay. A golden trickle forced its way through the soaking fabric on her right thigh, dripping to the ground in a thin stream. With each spurt, a cluster of golden droplets fell from the crotch of her trousers, collecting on the ground in golden puddles marking her path. As she burst through the toilet door, the spurts resolved into a constant stream pouring down her legs, cascading to the floor. Now safe in the privacy of the toilet, she began fumbling with her buttons, still trying to keep her stream under control. As the top button came loose, she shoved a hand in toward her crotch, pressing against her sphincter, sending the stream spraying wildly in every direction. Squeezing into the space between her fingers and her labia, a splash squirted upward toward her blouse, dyeing the fabric golden yellow and filling her nose with the acrid aroma of her accident.

As button two came loose, she began pulling at her trousers, slowly sliding them down past the widest part of her butt. Her panties and all the handkerchiefs came with them too, and her growing stream spurted freely into the seat of her underwear as they peeled away. As she bent down to pull her bottoms to her knees, her stream sprayed out behind her, the loosely collimated fountain splattering loudly against the wall as she turned to plonk herself on the bowl, reflecting back to wet the flanks of her trousers. As she dropped onto the waiting toilet, she relaxed completely, letting her torrent rain forth unimpeded. A thunderous roar filled the bathroom as the Princess's urine blasted against the porcelain so violently that a mist of rebounding droplets sprayed onto her butt and through the gap between her legs.

Lily's head swam as relief permeated every fiber of her being. Her clothes were ruined, her room would need to be recarpeted, and even if no one saw, she had disgraced herself in a public place. In this moment however, there was only relief. Before long, a maid would be along to her room to rouse her from slumber, and on seeing the devastation, they will prepare a change of clothes and a towel and bring them immediately to the bathroom to ensure her a dignified exit, in accordance with their training.

As urine continued to scour her porcelain throne, the exhausted Princess began to drift off, continuing to pee full-force even as she dropped into a deep sleep...

}}

}}

Skirt Route

{{: 

Quote

Having made her decision, Lily slowly stepped toward a chest of drawers built into a far wall of the cupboard, lifting her leg high with each step as her sphincter continued to spasm in distress. She dropped carefully to her knees before the drawers, digging a heel into her crotch as she grabbed a handle of the drawer with each hand and pulled, successfully getting the draw stuck ajar, one side further out than the other. Sighing, she tugged on the more closed side, causing the drawer to give suddenly and a splash of urine to enter her panties as she overbalanced. She squirmed in place as she tried to suppress the contractions, both hands flat against the ground as she clenched.

As the wave began to reduce, she grabbed a short black pleated skirt in a hurry and shot up, immediately crossing her legs and bending forward as the unnecessarily sudden motion shocked her bladder once more. Leaving the drawer open, she staggered aimlessly as she fought to resist the pressure, pumping a series of short spurts into the sodden square of fabric. A powerful spasm rocked her as she passed her shoe rack, and she brought a knee up to her bent torso and gripped her thighs with her hands as a frothing stream saturated her handkerchief and splashed her legs. A damp spot formed on her panties as the stream left off, and Lily quickly slid the material out from her crotch before it did more damage, dropping it to the floor unceremoniously.

She grabbed a pair of high-heeled pumps from the rack while she was there, not wanting to waste the opportunity even in her urgency to replace the handkerchief. She really didn't want to have to wear high-heels in her current situation, but she couldn't get away with wearing flat heels with her choice of attire. Her only option was to go with the lowest heels she could get away with and only wear them when she was in the hallway. Tossing the shoes into her bedroom, she stumbled over to the pile of handkerchiefs.

A contraction stung her urethra as she reached for a replacement, and she quickly slid one into her panties, just in time to absorb the inevitable leak. She pulled her panties taut as she began to wee, forcing the handkerchief between her labia, and crossed her legs, crushing the fabric between her thighs. Urine continued to trickle slowly into the handkerchief as she grabbed the final one from the pile too, then she turned and began to slide her feet forward, propelling herself toward another chest of drawers.

Easily pulling out a waist height drawer, she retrieved a small bundle of black cloth, and let it unravel as she pulled it out to reveal a pair of thin tights. Leaning back, she felt around behind her for the low seat, her hands finding purchase as she began to crouch. She allowed herself to fall back toward it and dragged herself into a sitting position, never opening her legs throughout the motion, even as her trickle slowed to nothing. Now though, she'd need to muster her control and open her legs long enough to get her tights on – a cumbersome task even at the best of times.

Tensing her nethers as hard as she could, she cautiously uncrossed her knees and parted her thighs, immediately launching into fevered motion as she fought to keep her bladder in check. As her legs bounced up and down, she fumbled the opening of her tights wide. Lifting her right leg, she attempted to spear the opening with her toes as her bladder began to contract painfully. Successfully hooking the opening on the third try, she slowly worked her foot down the tube of fabric to the bottom. Her bladder took advantage of her preoccupation and spasmed repeatedly, and she shoved a hand into her panties to press against the handkerchief, continuing to tug her tights into position with the other.

Even though she continued squeezing her sphincter as hard as she could, urine began to jet out of her hole in waves, pain shooting through her as the boiling liquid forced the ring of muscle aside. Her back arched involuntarily and she moaned in distress as the agonising squirts forced their way out, slumping slightly as they slowed, the cycle causing her to jerk forward and backward slightly in time with the contractions. Her tights sat halfway up one leg, completely forgotten in the storm of pain and urine currently whirling in the girl's privates, drooping limply on the floor as the girl focused on more urgent matters. Her handkerchief could not hold out long against such an onslaught, and even as the contractions reduced in intensity, the spurts began to spray chaotically out the sides of the fabric, instead of being absorbed.

A splash of wetness against her stomach alerted the girl to the progressing failure of her protection, and she managed to summon enough wherewithal to hastily switch the handkerchief out with the replacement lying nearby. The wet spot on her panties had spread into a well-defined, yellowish damp area on the crotch, with a semicircular border at each end reaching a few centimetres up toward the waistband and down to the butt. She unleashed a few short, less-painful squirts into the new handkerchief before her bladder settled down, then she moved away from wetness on the seat to continue carefully navigating her tights.

She pulled the waistband of the tights out, away from her half-clad leg, opening a space to hook her left leg into the fabric without needing to remove her other hand from her crotch. She continued tugging the tights up one leg at a time with her free hand while bouncing uncomfortably as she massaged her stinging sphincter. When her last foot reached the bottom of the tights' leg holes, she jumped up, pulling the waistband of the garment up to her hips as she went, immediately breaking out into a desperate dance as she tugged at the legs where they'd bunched up. She quickly grabbed her skirt and danced into it, pulling it up and fiddling with the buttons at the side. Wincing as the last button compressed her bladder, she pressed the dangling material in between her legs as a spurt splashed into her handkerchief.

Her lower body now fully-dressed, all that remained was to find herself a suit jacket...

She began by mincing over toward a large armoire, walking slightly pigeon-toed as she tried to keep her thighs together. Opening the doors, she began to rifle through the many articles of clothing hanging before her, sliding them aside one-by-one as she marched on the spot. She found a plethora of dresses, shirts, jackets and coats, but nothing that went well with her skirt and tights. A spasm hit her as she closed the doors, and she fell against the wood as she lifted her leg and shoved her hands between her thighs. She felt her urethra fill as she looked around the room, eyes alighting on another armoire as liquid trickled from her sphincter.

Taking a deep breath, she staggered over to the cupboard, still trickling slowly into her handkerchief, and threw the doors wide, thrusting out her rear and shaking it around as she began to sort through the hanging garments. As she slid hanger after hanger past without success, she began to panic – if not hanging up anywhere in her closets, where could she possibly have put it? She pushed coat after coat aside in increasing frustration, slamming the door closed and stamping her foot as she ran out of articles to search.

“Is it even here?”, “Maybe I should find something else to wear”, “Can I hold it long enough to put something else on?” Unwelcome thoughts began whirling through the girl's head as she looked aimlessly around her room, hoping to see something that could rescue her from her predicament. Then, just as she was about to give up, her eyes alighted on a bundle of fabric on a high shelf in a corner of the room. A memory flashed through her mind of folding up the jacket and shoving it into a high corner a long time ago, and she dashed over in elation, squirting a jet of happiness into the sodden fabric against her opening as she momentarily forgot how close she was to an accident.

She dropped into a squat as she reached the shelf, folding her skirt between her legs as she tried to regain control. The leak slowed to a stop and she stayed still for a few moments until she was confident in her sphincter once more. She rose slowly, her bladder protesting at the motion, and removed a hand from her skirt, reaching up toward the shelf. Her hand continued to grasp air, even as she straightened her legs and back. The skin of her belly pulled taut as she stretched, squeezing her bladder into her body, and still she couldn't reach. The swollen organ began to twitch and buck as she lifted her heels, and a stream hissed into her protection as her fingers found purchase on the shelf. Not willing to give up when she was so close, she worked her fingers further on to the shelf as wetness filled her crotch. Feeling textile at last, she hooked her fingers onto the material and dropped her heels, dragging the jacket down on top of her head as urine began to splash her thighs.

She quickly dropped her posture, not even stopping to remove the jacket from her head as she danced in a panic, slowly regaining control. She shook the jacket to the floor hurriedly as she pulled the stretchy material of her skirt and tights forward, quickly extracting the dripping handkerchief and throwing it aside before the damage spread any further. Her panties were now saturated and visibly yellow, and a few rivulets had worked their way a short distance down her tights, currently still invisible beneath her skirt. She retrieved the jacket from the floor and waddled cautiously into her room, careful not to do anything that could stimulate a leak while she was unprotected. She threw her jacket onto the bed, carefully avoiding the part she wet earlier, as she came through the doorway.

Tiptoeing across the room, fully focused on the dresser against the wall, she squelched into the puddle she'd left behind earlier, her bladder spasming in surprise as cold wetness seeped between her toes. Her foot jerked away in surprise, causing her to overbalance, and squirts began shooting from her unprotected sphincter, passing easily through her sodden underwear and scattering into droplets against her tights as she staggered toward the dresser.

She slammed into the dresser shoulder-first, continuing to loose spurts into her clothing as she pressed her skirt into her crotch, slowly regaining control. The skirt failed to absorb much wetness, instead channelling the jets along the fabric to cascade to the floor from its hem. As the final squirts dripped to the floor, she righted herself carefully and examined the damage. Most of the urine had fallen straight to the floor, ignoring the already-saturated panties and failing to soak into the non-absorbent tights and skirt, but the crotch of her tights was as wet as could be, and there were rivulets clearly running down her legs to the floor. The front of her skirt was soaked, but the wetness was virtually invisible against the dark fabric.

The Princess grabbed some handkerchiefs from the dresser and pulled her tights and panties down to her knees, ready to start trying to repair some of the damage. She wrapped the fabric around around the crotch of her panties and squeezed, causing yellow fluid to swell around the material and quickly soak into the waiting handkerchief, repeating until no more fluid came out. She then started wiping around her crotch and thighs, mopping up any dampness and rivulets with the yellowing cloth. She cast the wet square of material aside and started dabbing at her tights with another, failing to make much headway as the fabric stretched away at her touch.

A contraction built as she worked, and she thrust her handkerchief into her crotch when she felt liquid enter her urethra, urinating a short stream into it before regaining control. Folding the fabric over its new wetness, she continued her work. Patting down her skirt both inside and out, she soaked up any wetness that could drip, and then she pulled her underthings back up, patting at the tights again, now that they had something underneath them, still failing to notably dry the crotch but managing to make the rivulets fade.

She inserted another clean handkerchief into her panties, as before, and turned toward her mirror. She hurriedly lifted her comb from a hook on the mirror and haphazardly passed it through her hair, quickly taking care of the worst of the tangles as she bobbed urgently in front of the glass, spurts of urine flowing regularly into her underclothes as her bladder continued to spasm, before reaching into a drawer in her desk and withdrawing a hair tie which she used to make a loose ponytail. No other outfit would've allowed her a ponytail, and if she'd realised how messy her hair was when she was choosing outfits, she might have given this property more value.

She stumbled toward the shoes she'd thrown into the room earlier, falling onto her heel as she went to scoop them up, spraying a jet into her handkerchief as she rose. Whisking her jacket off her bed with the other hand, she staggered toward her bedroom door, her handkerchief rapidly dampening as urine continued to squirt into it. She dropped her pumps onto the floor carelessly, righting them with her feet as she tried to slide into them. One pump failed to simply slip on, and her heel crushed the back of the shoe beneath it. She swung her leg back at the knee and reached behind her, fumbling the leather onto her foot as she wiggled desperately from side to side. A larger stream sputtered into her handkerchief as she swung the jacket around her back and threaded her arms through the holes, and a few droplets trickled to the floor as she grabbed for her crotch. The stream began to slow as it splashed against her skirt, sending rivulets toward her knees even as it reduced to a dribble.

Turning from her door, Lily stumbled awkwardly over to her dresser, already struggling with her shoes. She pulled her waistbands forward once more and retrieved the soaked handkerchief, taking two new ones and patting around her thighs and crotch hastily with one while she let the other soak up her dribble. She then threw them both aside, barely dampened, and shoved a clean one in her panties. She stuffed a pair of replacements in each of her jacket's tiny pockets and minced precariously back to the door, adjusting her clothing as best as she could. She straightened her back, causing her dribble to reinforce into a stream, and turned the knob slowly.

She pulled the door open a crack and squeezed through, closing it carefully behind her as urine flowed into her handkerchief. She longed to break out into a desperate dance with her hands buried in her crotch, but she settled for tenting her hands and pressing them surreptitiously into her skirt in what she hoped looked like a resting pose. She minced carefully towards the bathroom, crossing her legs in front of each other with every step, causing her hips to swing seductively as she walked. The unstoppable stream continued to glug quietly from her hole as she moved, quickly beginning to overflow from the handkerchief a matter of metres away from her door. The Princess reached into her pocket and withdrew a clean one as she stepped urgently forward, the sensation of liquid threading down her legs adding to her hurry.

She turned into a doorway on her right, moving slightly out of the line of the corridor, and poked her head out conspicuously as she looked around. Seeing that the coast was clear, she pulled her waistbands forward and extracted the saturated cloth, gasping as she saw a stream of liquid squirt forward into the soaked crotch of her underwear to send droplets scattering to the floor. She quickly shoved the clean handkerchief against her crotch, holding it there as she danced urgently for a moment in the shadow of the doorway, before sliding her hand out of her clothes and drying quickly around her legs with her final handkerchief, missing a few streams but cleaning herself up a bit. She returned the slightly dampened handkerchief to the same pocket, and shoved the soaked one into her other, not caring as the golden wetness squeezed out into her jacket.

Her desperate dancing had given her the opportunity to regain a little control, and the stream began to slow slightly as she continued her journey to the bathroom she so desperately needed. She heard the pitter-patter of hurried feet ahead of her, coming from the hallway to her left, and she cast a panicked glance at her clothing and around her, wincing as she saw the rivulets still working their way down her legs and the trail of droplets that was barely visible on the colourful carpet behind her. She needn't have worried about her appearance though; the panicked young maid dashed into the crossroads with a hand against her tights, her dress pulled up to reveal her damp crotch, running straight across to the right hallway and disappearing, slamming a door that was just out of sight moments later.

Lily's heart dropped at the sight – she knew exactly what had just happened. As she rounded the corner mere seconds later, she visually confirmed how utterly screwed she was. A trail of droplets was visible across the hall, and it terminated in a small puddle before the locked door of the very bathroom the Princess was desperately trying to reach. Considering her visible desperation and the damaged clothing she'd want to try to fix, the girl could be in there for 5 minutes or more while her Princess waited outside, slowly having an accident in her tights.

Lily looked around in a panic, hoping something would reveal itself to save her as she thought about what to do. She quickly settled on one of four options that she was able to conjure up in her emergency:

Wait patiently: she was a dignified Princess who stood to rule a powerful country in the future. Surely she could hold it a few more minutes while she allowed the common girl in the bathroom the opportunity to make herself presentable. A ruler's duty was to suffer for her people, and that included this young maid. She even had a spare handkerchief that she could switch in if she needed it.

Hurry her along: she could knock on the door and alert the maid to her urgency, possibly causing her to forgo clean up and leave the bathroom in a more reasonable time. The maid was sworn to secrecy about her predicament, the main problem was if someone else heard her...

Look elsewhere: surely there was something around that could help the Princess with her predicament; not that she'd ever intentionally wee into anything that wasn't a toilet, of course – it would have to help her in some other way. “What do you mean 'how?'? Like... uh... it could... well... it... uh... i- it just could, okay?”

Use the men's: the bathrooms in the hallway were one-person rooms, but they still had one for each gender. The Princess didn't know why; surely, she thought, they could just remove the indicators from each and let anyone use them, but for some reason, they didn't. Lily had never been in a men's room before; even in her current dire situation, it was a difficult thing to even consider.

A fifth option also came to mind, one that she could never do: she could be a tyrant Princess, and order the maid out immediately. An image flashed into her thoughts: one of the girl standing and pulling her tights up while continuing to wee full-force onto the floor, then stumbling to the door and waiting beside it, droplets showering between her legs and a massive puddle appearing beneath her as the Princess relaxed on the toilet. Lily's loins began to ache in a different way at the thought of the maid girl being forced off the toilet to have an accidentally-on-purpose, before she came back to reality and shook her head sternly, horrified that she could even think of an action so vile.

Skirt Route > Wait Her Turn

{{: 

Quote

Lily decided that her duty as a Princess outweighed any urging from her bladder that she urinate, and decided that she'd hold it elegantly until her time came. And so she leaned back elegantly against the wall, elegantly forcing her face into a serene expression, her hands tented elegantly in her elegant lap as she weed elegantly into the handkerchief pressed elegantly against her elegant crotch. Elegance, along with the slight acrid smell of urine and a quiet hissing sound, radiated from the figure propped conspicuously close to the locked bathroom door as she pretended that she wasn't having an accident in her pants.

The handkerchief quickly filled with urine and rivulets began falling down the girl's tights once more, even as her bladder's contractions pressed harder and harder, forcing the urine to squirt out more and more. Her tented hands quickly changed to curved pads gripping her crotch as she barely suppressed the increasing flow, and she stumbled urgently toward a nearby doorway as she reached for her final handkerchief. Patting down her legs as she stumbled toward the depression, she looked around in a panic, relieved to see that the hall was once again clear. She pulled her waistbands out forward once more, and this time brought the new handkerchief with her as she slid out the old, switching them quickly so that barely a droplet shot out between them. She heard the door in front of her click as she switched. Hastily letting her clothes snap into place, she shoved the wet handkerchief into her free pocket, her wee hissing loudly as her bladder resonated with the impact.

The door swung open just as she smoothed her clothes down. “Eep! Ah, oh... uh... Your Highness. I- I wasn't expecting you.” A woman squeaked as she opened the door, staggering back and leaning against her desk, gasping as she clenched a fist against her dark green tube skirt. “I- I take it you're here about the books you asked for? If you wait here, I'll get them for you in a few moments. There's just... an urgent matter that n- needs my attention first, I'll just be a minute.” The beautiful red-haired woman sidled past the confused and desperate Princess and ran awkwardly down the hall, audibly falling against the toilet door and fiddling with the handle “Tch, locked, and it looks like she'll be in there a while” Lily heard her mutter while she stood still in the doorway. The Princess's shoulders heaved as she tried not to moan while painful squirts of urine shot into her handkerchief.

A few moments later, the woman reappeared behind the Princess, stumbling awkwardly. “Well then, come on in.” The woman invited, ushering Lily forward. “Th- m- many of the b- books you asked for- ah! we- were quite difficult to find. Ooh!” The Librarian began gathering books, talking haltingly while the Princess stood quivering in the middle of the room, the frantic woman failing to notice she was being ignored.

The Librarian's chatter drowned out the series of hisses coming from the oscillating girl, and the woman continued staggering between bookshelves as the Princess started dripping. Her newest handkerchief had filled in record time, and there was no longer anything that could prevent her accident from ending up in a puddle around her. She continued to painfully spray urine into her handkerchief at an increasing rate, and the unconfined liquid began to form rivulets once again that dripped down her tights, quickly pooling at her feet. The Librarian placed a stack of books down on the desk, turning back to the shelves without noticing the puddle beneath the Princess.

The woman dropped unexpectedly to her knees as she staggered back, and, beginning with a mutter but ending with a shout, she called “Oh no, not now, please! Aah! I can't hold it! Nooooooo!”. Urine began to stream out from under her skirt. Her dark blue tights quickly saturated and the front and back of her skirt turned a darker shade of green. A stream of urine squeezed through the back of her soaking skirt, spraying into the puddle forming around her. Lily barely noticed what was going on, internally focused as she was, but her bladder reacted sympathetically to the accident happening in front of her and squeezed harder, increasing the intensity of the contractions to the point she could no longer fully suppress her moans.

“Nnn! Hmm! Ghh!” all manner of noises forced their way quietly from her mouth as threads of urine trickled down her legs. The Librarian, finally looking toward her visitor, stopped her already slowing stream in shock as she saw that the girl was in an even worse situation than her. “W- we can sort this out later, wait here while I check the bathroom!” the Librarian instructed, dashing out to try to save her Princess from her accident. Looking over towards the door, she could see it hanging open.

“Your highness, the door's unlocked! Now's your chance!” She grabbed the absent royal by the arm and slowly coaxed her out of her office. The pair left a wide trail as the drips from the Librarian's skirt combined with the continuing squirts from the moaning Princess to form a puddle connecting the two doors. The woman coaxed the Princess all the way to the toilet door and closed it behind her before the sensation of tile beneath the girl's feet spurred her into action. She dropped all pretense of elegance and shoved her hands into her underwear as she staggered in the direction of the toilet, slipping on the already-soaked floor (clearly the maid hadn't made it either) and falling on her buttocks.

The yellow liquid beneath her soaked into her already wet skirt, and a current was visible shooting beneath her skirt as she began to relieve herself into the pool. Unable to move any further, she relaxed where she was, and her urine picked up into a loud stream, frothing into the puddle and spreading it around the remainder of the room. Her head swam as all the tension drained from her body, and there, the Princess lost consciousness, falling backward into the urine as she continued relieving herself on the floor.

As the Librarian stood outside in her wet clothes, hoping to get her own opportunity to finish her wee, she listened in awe as the Princess continued urinating audibly for an extraordinarily long time. Before long, she noticed a new puddle growing beneath the door, meeting the puddles made by the maid and the Princess outside, waves visibly rippling across it as it continued to expand.

}}

Skirt Route > Hurry Maid

{{: 

Quote

Lily knocked on the door frantically as she squeaked “I- is someone in there? Ah! Please hurry!”

“Ah, I'll be out in a minute” the maid called reassuringly, and Lily heard the hiss coming from the other side of the door increase in volume. The Princess looked around suspiciously, and, seeing no one in line of sight in any direction, began to dance fervently, shoving her skirt between her legs as she lifted her legs and squirmed. The stream splashing into her handkerchief slowed to a trickle as she danced, and she felt confident that she might be able to keep herself dry, or at least no wetter, until the maid let her in.

She continued to leak slowly, inexorably saturating her handkerchief. It soon began to drip, and she looked towards a nearby doorway, ready to try switching it out. At that moment, a door opened down the hall, and Lily hurriedly righted herself to a more respectable standing posture, allowing herself to cross her legs tightly in an attempt to compromise with her demanding urgency. The trickle turned into a series of squirts as her bladder continued to contract painfully while she tried to look elegant. Wetness splattered onto her thighs and against her butt as the saturated handkerchief overflowed under the onslaught.

A page hurried down the corridor in her direction, and greeted her loudly: “Good morning, Your Highness!”

“Ah, good morning, James” she responded as normally as she could, acutely aware that she was wetting herself while she stood. The boy blushed and looked away as she referred to him by name, failing to notice the rhythmically swelling rivulets criss-crossing the beautiful woman's legs, writing off the slight hissing noises as meaningless background while he continued on his way.

The Princess bent sharply forward and shoved a hand in her crotch even as the boy ran down the corridor ahead of her, praying that he didn't turn around. She removed the clean handkerchief from her pocket and waddled toward the doorway she'd eyed earlier. She lifted her dress and pulled her waistbands forward while looking around, freezing as she saw the page disappearing around a corner, before continuing once he was out of sight. She pulled out the wet handkerchief and was about to replace it when she heard the clatter of a latch, and immediately shoved both her handkerchiefs in her pockets. Trying to get into a respectable pose once more, she crossed her legs, more to try to hide the unabsorbed spurts that were now dripping visibly to the floor than to try to hold it any better.

Much to her relief, it was the bathroom door that burst open, revealing the maid, still dripping, with a big wet spot on her dress. The Princess immediately seized on the opportunity, abandoning her attempt to look dignified and waddling forward into the room. The spurts coming from her urethra resolved into a torrent as she moved, and golden fluid began sheeting down between her legs as she staggered toward the porcelain throne. Not even bothering to drop her underclothes, she lifted her skirt and dropped onto the seat, relaxing as a torrent thundered through her skirt and into the bowl, the noise echoing through the corridor even after the maid shut the door behind her.

Her clothes billowed as the urine blasted through them, the already-ruined panties deformed permanently as the stream pushed against them and a hole formed in the crotch of the tights as the seam pulled apart. Lily's mind began to cloud with euphoria as she relieved herself into the bowl, and slowly but surely, she began to drift off, falling into a deep sleep even as urine continued splashing against the porcelain...

}}

Skirt Route> Look Around

{{: 

Quote

Lily's eyes darted around, looking along the corridor, searching for anything that might give her an idea about what she could do. There was a window a short distance away, perhaps she could... No, she was not going to display her buttocks to the world while she sprayed a shower of urine down the wall of the castle, that would be stupid. Also she said she wouldn't try to wee outside of a toilet and she meant it. Whatever she did, it would be something that helped her wait until she could use the toilet normally like a dignified young woman. She squirmed as her bladder contracted and urine splashed defiantly into her handkerchief for a moment before her stream returned to a trickle.

Then, a thought came to her: what if... the problem wasn't so much that she needed to not wee (that ship had sailed long ago), it was more that she needed people not to think that she'd weed. If she just stood outside waiting her turn, with her leaking as it already was, she knew she'd be waiting in a puddle before the maid was even half-done and anyone passing would see her predicament. She still wouldn't release into anything but a toilet, of course, but if she could hide the leaks that were forcing their way out, then she'd at least be able to pretend that she wasn't having an accident if anyone walked past.

Her eyes alighted on the recessed door to a rarely-used storeroom a short distance away as a plan formed in her mind. She minced carefully over to the storeroom door, rivulets trickling slowly down her tights as her handkerchief began to overflow. She pushed the door open and stuck her head in, confirming that the room was empty. She turned back and looked around attentively, checking that there was no one nearby. She nervously slid her tights and panties down to her knees, sending droplets drizzling into them as she pulled up the back of her skirt and turned around.

The plan was thus: if she stuck her leaking rear into the crack in the door and leaned forward, her accident would end up spraying behind her into the empty room, leaving her puddle out of sight on the stone floor. By only sticking her leaky bit into the room, she could keep an eye on the hallway, ready to pull her clothes up and shut the door if anyone appeared, and ready to dash into the toilet and relieve herself as soon as it became available. As long as she tensed hard to stop the flow and relaxed slightly when she couldn't tense any more in sequence, she could turn her stream into more forceful spurts, reducing the amount of drips that would fall onto her clothes, and as long as she kept on top of mopping up any rivulets on her legs with her final handkerchief, it was a perfect plan! (TL note: perfect means “terrible”)

The not-quite-all-there-in-the-head-right-now Princess bent forward until her torso was almost horizontal, the pressure of her legs against her bladder forcing her urine to shoot out behind her. As she wedged her buttocks in the partly open door, the jet slowed back to a trickle, which arced slightly behind her and sent droplets into her lowered panties. She tensed as hard as she could, relaxing a few moments later involuntarily. Just as planned, her leaking stopped for a moment, before shooting out behind her without dripping. She continued the cycle of tensing and relaxation, continuing to spray urine onto the stone floor, while she mopped up the droplets around her legs with her last handkerchief. She crouched with her legs, sliding her rear down the doorway without interrupting her semi-voluntary squirting. When she could reach the floor, she used the square of fabric to soak up the droplets on the carpet that she'd lost while getting into position.

As she tried to clamber back up, her bladder contracted painfully, and her tensed dam broke earlier than expected, causing a stronger stream to shoot into the room for a few seconds, before it began to slow and she was able to continue her previous cycle of tension and relaxation. According to plan, a puddle was slowly growing in the room behind her, but no wetness was visible around her in the corridor.

A door opened a short distance along the corridor as a contraction built in Lily's bladder. She cut her stream short in a panic, tossing her clean handkerchief on top of the previous one still in her panties and yanking the assembly up as she pulled her buttocks from the doorway. The door closed behind her as the sudden increase in pressure forced her to cross one leg over the other and bend over in a half-squat while the guard approached. Shuddering, the girl forced herself straight as she started weeing into her new handkerchief, desperately trying to look nonchalant as the burly man passed. “G- good morning!” she greeted, straining her voice slightly as discomfort rolled through her. “Good morning, Your Highness! Lovely day, isn't it?” The guard responded dutifully.

“It is, have a good day!” Lily replied with feigned brightness as the guard passed, glad he didn't stop to wonder why she was nestled in a doorway. She paced restlessly as he slowly walked away, looking longingly at the door as she felt her final handkerchief start to drip.

Rivulets began running down her legs once again as the guard turned a corner at the end of the hallway, and the Princess dashed back to her doorway, not even looking the other way before she opened the door, where she pulled her underthings down and shoved her buttocks in the gap. A powerful jet immediately shot out of her tortured sphincter as she started looking around, moaning quietly as her urine sprayed forcefully into the room. As she turned her head, she almost yelped when she saw a man with a measuring tape writing in a clipboard a short distance away.

She pulled up her tights in a panic, still urinating forcibly, causing droplets to rain down around her. Tears welled in her eyes when she realised that she could no longer hide and was ruined the moment he looked over. Just then, in a miracle of convenient timing, the bathroom door unlocked and the Princess immediately staggered toward it, almost crashing into the relieved maid. Focusing on getting out of sight, she barely even thought about trying to slow the torrent that was splashing out full-force from her sphincter. She quickly locked the door behind her and pulled down her underthings. As she waddled toward salvation, her urine jetted forward slightly in an arc, the stream sloshing left and right as she stepped awkwardly with her panties at her knees.

She dropped down onto the seat with a sigh, and relaxed as she relieved herself forcefully against the porcelain. A thundering noise was easily audible even in the hallway beyond the locked door, and the decorator measuring the paintings looked around for the source of the noise. As urine thrashed out of her tired exit, Lily's head swam with relief and her exhaustion caught up with her. She began to drift off, and slowly fell into a deep sleep, even as her torrent continued to blast into the sturdy bowl...

}}

Skirt Route > Use Men's Room

{{: 

Quote

Lily looked longingly toward the men's bathroom across the hallway. It was her best option. No one would walk in on her anyway because the door locked and it was designed for one person. The only risk was someone seeing her leave, but she'd just have to hope that wouldn't happen. Or claim that she thought she heard someone calling for help, or something. She looked around suspiciously as she crossed the hall, moaning quietly as the anticipation sent her bladder into overdrive. Spurts forced their way out of her urethra as she pushed nervously against the door.

Slipping quietly through the gap she made, she let the door close behind her and locked it, pulling against the door to check it couldn't be opened. She advanced into the room, momentarily forgetting her predicament as she was overcome by curiosity and started looking around. It had a sink, like she'd expected, and a mirror – also expected, and there was a magic crystal light just like every other room, and it had a sink, like she'd expe- wait. She'd already seen the sink. Why was there another one? And wasn't something conspicuously missing from this room whose main purpose was supposed to be to relieve oneself? If this was going to be the moment she found out that men didn't urinate she was going to scream, elegance be damned!

“Ngaaaaaaoooooohhhhhhhh” it wasn't quite a scream, but a high-pitched guttural noise left her mouth as an extraordinarily powerful contraction interrupted her thoughts and forced a hissing torrent past her sphincter. She stepped from foot to foot and shoved her hands in her underwear, but it was no use – her crotch filled with urine, which splattered to the floor in a great cascade as the stream continued unabated. She stamped her feet on the floor and squirmed in a panic as she tried to work out what she should do.

Author's note: Due to elven ancestry giving humans in this world magically augmented digestion, there are few, if any, humans that actually produce faeces; at least unless they eat something very indigestible like a rock, which will just come out the other end completely clean. For a country like Floraden far to the west, close to the Great Forest, elven ancestry is very strong and it's pretty much certain that nobody poops, so non-disabled gendered toilets are designed based on the assumption that men can relieve themselves standing up (and disability rights are in their infancy anyway). Also, as you can probably guess, the second sink is a urinal. I tried to write this part a bit from the Princess's perspective, and she's never seen one before.

She realised she had seen men relieving themselves before; she was shocked to discover that they did it against walls while standing in public – a discovery she made when she got lost in the city one Friday and wandered around all night (she'd almost had an accident back then, too). She wondered “maybe that low sink is supposed to serve as the wall? Should I try to stand in front of it? How do they make the wee go forward?”

Not having the liberty to do research or ask for help, she decided to throw caution to the wind and try to relieve herself into the second sink. She pulled her panties and tights down to her knees, and her leak coalesced into a powerful jet shooting slightly forward – but not enough for her to get it into the urinal, which had a lip at crotch-level. In spite of the powerful stream, she was still holding back quite a lot, and she marched on the spot as she weed, the stream flicking from side to side, trying to work out what to do as urine sprayed onto the floor and over her clothes. With an idea forming, she lifted her skirt and waddled forwards, leaning back slightly to push her stream out ahead. She advanced until her crotch was almost touching the porcelain, and her stream splattered against it and fell down onto her clothes.

Lifting to her tiptoes, she was able to perch herself on the edge, and her stream gurgled down into the drain at last. Satisfied that she was finally able to release, she allowed her full-force torrent to shoot into the mysterious fixture. She moaned loudly in relief as it thundered into the small drain, not realising that a new problem was rapidly developing: her urine swirled around in the bowl as it flowed into the drain, but the rate at which the device was emptying was slower than the rate at which the Princess was relieving herself. The golden maelstrom swirling in the “sink” swelled rapidly, and not 10 seconds into her relaxation, the girl's crotch was tickled by the rising liquid.

“Eep!” the still-desperate girl squealed as she tried to hold it in once more, slowing the torrent slightly as it began to overflow. She stumbled back from the fixture, spraying her clothes again with the golden cascade. She managed to momentarily stop the flow, only to squirt repeatedly at the floor. “Ngh! Ooh! Aah!” she moaned, the squirts once again forcing vocalisations. Seeing the porcelain empty, she staggered back to the “sink”, tiptoeing up to the lip again and this time trying to hold herself back. A more normal stream splashed into the bowl, swirling around as it flowed into the drain. Every few moments, the girl was wracked by a spasm, each one causing her stream to momentarily pick up as she tried not to vocalise. She continued relieving herself in that fashion for almost ten minutes; it was only in the last twenty seconds of her drawn-out voiding that her stream became manageable without holding back.

As the last spurts splashed into the mysterious fixture, the young woman staggered backwards. Her clothing was already beginning to air-dry when she pulled it back up. She smelled strongly of urine, but anyone who saw her from out of scent range would be none the wiser to her situation. Gathering what remained of her wits, the exhausted girl stumbled back toward her room, mercifully seeing no one on the way, only to find the head maid standing in front of her dresser, staring vexedly at the expansive puddle before it...

}}

}}
