Training the Maid

Author: Riverstone76

*004*2021-07-19 21:01

Chapter 5:

As an eight year old, the first difference from the night before, was that Uncle Steve was giving the little woman her bath, but a second change, was that it was a bath and not a shower.

Steve stood up and picked the little woman up and started to carry her just like his little eight year old niece. Susan smiled and kicked back to watch some television.

“Are you a good little girl?” Uncle Steve asked her teasingly as he carried her back to the bathroom. “Are you?”

He patted her bottom and hugged her. “My little princess niece.”

Mariela’s face blushed a little and his little love pats on her bottom made her feel… well, like a little girl, but she couldn’t describe exactly how it made her feel. Was a twenty-three your old woman supposed to like to be patted like that, and hugged? It had been so long since anyone cared about her at all, or even pretended to….

The little woman found her thumb starting towards her mouth, but she paused halfway, not really sure she what she wanted. It was a little humiliating to be treated like a little girl, but it was also…. She didn’t like it. She didn’t.

Uncle Steve put the little woman down in front of the toilet and he whispered.

“You need to sit on the potty, baby?”

Mariela looked down blushing.

“I know you’re already wet, baby, but still. It’s no excuse to wet yourself on purpose, is it? So, do you want to sit on the toilet or not, honey?”

Mariela nodded that she wanted to sit on the toilet.

Steve smiled and hugged her. “Good girl, sweetie. You are too big to just wet your pants for no reason.”

He started to unbutton her shorts.

Mariela just sighed and let him. He was going to see a lot more than her panties in a few minutes. He was probably going to start washing her, so what did it matter if he was taking her shorts off of her?

“Uncle Steve’s little princess kept wetting on the bus to the house, and she had a few accidents in the last couple of days, but does the little one also poop her pants?” he asked her as he pulled her panties down.

“No?” Mariela pleaded more than anything because it was their sick game, that made her wet. She hoped they were not going to force her to poop her pants, too.

“Are you sure, little girl? Because Uncle Steve will be very upset if you lie about it, but not as upset if you do have accidents like that, and you tell me the truth.”

Mariela looked down putting her thumb in her mouth, tears in her eyes.

“You don’t?” he whispered in her eart?

She shook her head.

He hugged her, and as he did, he pulled down her shorts and panties together until he dropped them to the floor and she stepped out of them.

“Try to poop in the potty, baby, so you don’t poop your diapers tonight, okay?”

Mariela nodded.

He lifted her up and put her on the toilet.

Mariela screwed up her face, her eyes closed tight as she tried to push with all her energy hoping something would come out. The last thing she wanted, was for Uncle to decide she was going to be pooping her pants along with wetting the bed.

Uncle Steve must have moved on, because though her eyes were closed, she could hear him going over to the tub, and then he turned the faucet handles and water started to pour into the tub, and as it did, she instinctively peed a little bit, and then she felt it. A little slithering push at her butt, ever so gently, pushed her open, and then started to slide down around her bottom before pushing past and into the toilet with some plopping sounds. She was pooping, even with Steve in the bathroom.

She had never been one that could even pee in front of other people before this, but for some reason, here she was, actually pooping in the toilet in front of not just another woman, but a man right in the room, right in view of her, running the bathtub for her bath.

She pushed again, and the slithering plops continued.

Uncle Steve turned off the filling tub just as the last ploppity plop hit the water in the toilet and she breathed out in relief, her red face from forcing herself to poop, now starting to drain back towards its usual color.

Steve walked over to her, and he lifted her off of the toilet and looked down inside the toilet, then he hugged her.

“Good girl, Mariela. I’m glad my little niece didn’t do that in her pants or even diaper. “You do know that would be really hard to clean up, don’t you?”

Mariela nodded looking down a little embarrassed at the way he was praising her for pooping in the toilet like she was some kind of toddler or something that needed to be encouraged.

He got some toilet paper, and he bent her over a little and started to wipe her bottom.

“What are you doing?” Mariela asked him.

“Honey, you don’t seem to know how to wipe yourself,” he told her. “Your Aunt Susan told me about finding poop in your bottom last night when she gave you a shower, and she said you claimed you didn’t poop your pants, so if you didn’t poop your pants, and you showed me just now that you are able to control that, then you must not be wiping yourself that good, so Uncle and Auntie should make sure you are clean from now on. You can get an infection if you’re not wiping good.”

Mariela frowned. “I said. It was because I didn’t always have access to the toilet or something to wipe with.”

“Honey, no more excuses. You are with Uncle and Auntie, now, so we will teach you and take care of our little niece.”

He tore off a little more toilet paper and handed it to her.

“Here, you can try to wipe the front and around your middle, but if you don’t do it right, Uncle will have to do it for you.”

Mariela nodded, very uncomfortable at the idea that he even thought he had to wipe her butt. She certainly didn’t want him wiping between her legs or her pee pee place.

Pee pee place? Why’d she call it that? She was NOT a little girl! She is not!

After Uncle supervised her wiping herself, and tearing off more paper for her as she needed it, he bent down and hugged her after she threw the last of the needed paper into the toilet, and then he lifted her shirt and started to help her get the rest of the way ready for her bath.

“You are such a good little girl, sweetie. It’s not your fault you don’t know how to wipe your bottom that good, being on the streets as long as you were, honey.”

He kissed her head after he took off her undershirt, and then he took her over to the tub and helped her get in.

“After Uncle Steve gives you a nice warm bath with bubbles, we are going to put you in a diaper the rest of the night, so don’t worry about trying to get to the potty until morning, after we take off your diaper, honey. Uncle Steve’s little princess has trouble making it potty at night, and that’s okay. Aunt Susan will not spank you for having problems with wetting as long as you have a diaper on.”

Mariela sighed and let him put her in the tub. There was nothing she could do, and even though she was perfectly naked, and he even had access to wiping her butt, somehow, she felt like she was safe. He seemed to have no intention of doing anything to her, of a nature that was violent or even remotely close to something you wouldn’t do with a child.

“Do you remember what Uncle Steve said if you were a good little girl today and minded your Auntie Susan?”

Mariela looked down not sure what he was on about.

“Remember, honey? This morning, when I took you potty?” Steve was washing her hair at this point. “I said I’d give you a surprise.”

“Oh, yeah,” Mariela blushed not really that excited by a surprise that they thought would be appropriate to hype up to a little girl.

“So, after your little bath, Uncle is going to treat you to a special bedtime story.”

“Special?” she said rolling her eyes.

“That’s right, baby. Instead of just hearing a tale, you get to be IN THE TALE.”

“It’s kind of hard to be in a tail,” Mariela said playing with his words.

“Clever, Princess.”

Steve wiggled his fingers around her sides, far enough to the side that he didn’t touch her in a way was particularly uncomfortable, but his wiggling fingers tickled her and she started to splash to try to get away from him.

“Oh, baby Mariela is ticklish, is she?” he taunted as he wiggled his fingers at her.

Mariela smiled up at him. He was kind of charming when he was playing around with her, and actually, she did prefer to be played with this way than what he could be doing to her.

Sooner than she expected, and maybe… maybe half before she wanted to, he was done washing her and lifted her out of the murky water and set her on her feet, where he slipped a towel over her, and then hugged her from behind just like he kept doing when she was seated at the table.

“Such a good little sweet precious thing you are,” he whispered to her as he waddle walked her back to her room.

When they got to the room she had slept in the night before, he patted the bed for her to get up, and then after helping her to lie down, he slipped a fluffy cushion under her, a silky smooth fluff that she knew from the night before, as a diaper, only, then he slipped between her legs, another fluffy, lavender fragrant pad, and then started to close up the little cushion around her so she was nice and snug.

Once he had his little niece in her little pee pillow, Steve lifted her by under her arms, and set her on her feet and motioned her to come to the dresser, where he then slipped a pair of gray and striped sweatpants over her legs and fluffy gray sweatshirt over her chest, one with some little feminine designs at the neck and the ends of the sleeves.

After she was dressed, he picked her up and beeped her nose with his finger, making the “beep” sound as he touched her.

Mariela smiled.

“Now, let’s go show you how a bedtime story works around her for a little twelve year old,” Uncle Steve told her.

Mariela nodded and let him carry her.

“It’s only eight, though, uncle. Do twelve year old kids go to bed so early in your house?”

“Oh, honey, you’ll see. Eight o’clock is actually a little late to start a bedtime story in this house.”

“So, what, am I ‘apposed to go sleep before eigth?”

“No, sweetie. Come on, you’ll see….”

Uncle Steve carried his little niece down to the living room, and held her next to Aunt Susan.

“Aunt Susie, you might want to tell your niece good night now. We are about to start her bedtime story, and you know, I’m going to keep her at it until our little girl falls asleep.”

“Oh, okay. Make sure she stays hydrated while you are talking to her though.”

Aunt gave Uncle something behind Mariela’s back, so she couldn’t see it, the way Uncle Steve was holding her and took the object, not that she really cared what it was.

Susan then reached over, and Steve held her out a bit so Auntie could half hold the little sweetie.

“Sweet dreams, baby. You are such a good little sweetie. Now, there is no reason to get out of bed in the night. You have a nice soft diaper on, so if you happen to need to pee, you just do so, like when you were in the wild on the streets, because if you get up in the middle of the night all the time, you’ll be fussy and tired all the next day.”

Mariela sighed.

“I mean it, baby. It’s okay for our little twelve year old niece to wet herself when she’s in diapers especially when she’s supposed to be sleeping.”

Mariela nodded, and Auntie Susan helped her thumb find her mouth.

“You are such a good little girl. Good night, sweetheart.”

“Goo nigh’” the little one whispered.

Then, instead of taking her right up to her room, where she had her toys and clothes, Uncle Steve took through a door in the kitchen she had not yet been through, and they walked down into a beautiful basement room.

There was this huge oak table, but it was something that looked like it came right out of a sci-fi movie. The center of the Oak edge, it was like glass, only it wasn’t glass. It was like someone had mounted a huge computer screen or something into this thing. There were places for eight chairs, four on each side of the table, and then there was a portion of the table that was screened off with blocky wooden dividers.

Uncle Steve carried Mariela over and sat her down at his command seat, and she saw behind the blocky dividers, there were dice, a laptop computer that was hooked into the table, and under the table on his side, there were slots where he had books upon books of stuff.

“This is my story room,” Steve told her.

Each of the chairs were like something from a very comfortable office. Each chair had a different color seat and back, cushioned for extended comfort, and even at each of the players’ stations, there were slots for two books and a pullout tray for maybe writing space or something. There were little dice cups, and then there were even little cup holders build into the lower part of the table, so that drink cups were not on top of the table.

Mariela was very interested in the workmanship and the design of this thing. It must have cost a small fortune to make.

Behind the command center where her uncle sat, there were actually two chairs. One of the chairs looked just like the other office chairs, but then there was a little plastic chair that also had its own little pull out desk tray, and under it were three little cup holders, but the cup holders were all difference sizes for some reason. There was a dice cup, too, and there were little books in some slots.

“Pick up one of the books,” Steve encouraged his little niece.

How to Play Dungeons and Dragons: A junior’s journal was the title of one of the books. Mariela looked up at him.

“Open the cover, honey.”

“To our little niece:

So that you may always have a story in your heart.

Love Uncle Steve and Aunt Susan

Mariela looked up at him.

“Mine?” she asked him.

He nodded and gestured at the other books and everything in that little cubby just next to his command chair.

She picked up a piece of paper that was on the pullout tray.

Niece’s First Character:

Name: Lillian Lovenest Class: Child Level: 1

Strength: 6 Attack: Hug: +2 damage: cuteness d8 + 2

Dexterity: 14 Armor Class: 12

Constitution: 14 HP: d6 (8)

Intelligence: 10 Magic: Friends

Wisdom: 14

Charisma: 19

Mariela looked up at her uncle. “This my first character for your story?”

“Yes, sweetheart. Now, we are going to start a bedtime story for you.”

“Okay.”

Uncle Steve scratched out Lillian though, and wrote Mariela on the top of the paper.

He also added next to the Hp, some other writing:

Niece’s First Character:

Name: Mariela Lovenest Class: Child Level: 1

Strength: 6 Attack: Hug: +2 damage: cuteness d8 + 2

Dexterity: 14 Armor Class: 12

Constitution: 14 HP: d6 (8) Panty HP 4 skirt HP 4

Intelligence: 10 Magic: Friends

Wisdom: 14

Charisma: 19

“What is HP?” Mariela asked having never seen this concept before.

“It means hit points, honey.”

“Why you write Panty HP and skirt HP just now?”

“Because they are important to your story, sweetie.”

“Okay. But that means my panties, are… what, alive? I heard of hit points when people talked about video games.”

“No, honey, your clothes are not alive, but you’ll see. You need panty hit points and skirt hit points because of what can happen to them.”

“Do they get ripped?”

“They can….”

“Okay. So, how do we start?”

Uncle pulled something out that maybe Aunt Susan must have given him when she passed him something behind Mariela’s back before. It was… A BOTTLE like a baby uses, and it had some dark liquid in it.

“What is that?” Mariela demanded.

“It’s your night time drink,” Steve told her.

“I’m too old for a bottle,” she looked down hoping she wasn’t disobeying out of character. “Even eight year olds don’t need that anymore.”

“Well, you do, honey. It’s only for bedtime, to make sure you stay hydrated.”

Mariela sighed. “What’s in it?”

“Cola, I think.”

“You not ‘apposed to give little kids soda after bed,” Mariela told him.

“And why is that?” Steve asked her.

“I… I’m not sure. I think it might have something to do with the caffeine.”

“Yeah, go on, reason it out, honey. You’re a smart little girl. Think about it….”

“It can keep little kids awake,” she said.

“Don’t worry, Auntie and Uncle Steve have already planned for that. So, what else can caffeine do to little kids that are asleep?”

Mariela put her finger to her face and tapped along side her nose.

“It can….”

Uncle Steve patted her sweats, right on the butt where she felt him tapping her diaper.

“Oh, does caffeine make little kids wet the bed?” she asked him.

“Now, you’re getting it.”

So, maybe this is what dear auntie Susan meant by making her have an accident at night? Well, if it was just to give her cola, maybe that wasn’t so bad, but Mariela was still a big girl. She wasn’t sure cola was going to be enough to make her wet the bed, but just the same, with a sigh, she reached for the bottle with both hands.

“Good girl!” Steve said when it looked like she was being enthusiastic about it. She wasn’t…. She wasn’t. She just wanted Uncle Steve to be happy for now.

Uncle Steve sat in his command chair, and put his little niece in his lap, took her paper from her little spot at the table, and placed it on his bigger command area, and he smiled.

“Now, once upon a time, there was this little twelve year old princess called Mariela,” he started….

Mariela started to listen to his story, but after he had set the scene of her being in her dark room, and hearing something scurrying around her bed, he turned to her, and picking up a ‘dice’ thing that almost looked like a ball because it had not six sides, but twenty on it, and he asked: “What do you do, sweetheart?”

“So, I… I actually talk for and do actions for the princess?” Mariela asked him.

“Exactly,” Steve told her. “This is what I meant by a story telling game.”

“Oh, okay,” she drank a little from the bottle, testing it. Her auntie seemed to have predicted that she might have trouble remembering how to drink from a bottle, so she had somehow, made a hole big enough in the nipple, that the cola was actually easy to get to come out.

She smiled up at Uncle Steve and she said… “I try to look over the edge of the bed, but I don’t let anything on my body get over the edge, or anything. Can I see something?”

He rolled the round die thing and it came up a 6.

“Nope. It looks quiet where you are looking, but you hear scurrying on the other side of the bed….”

Mariela looked up at him. “Are you cheating just so you can make me kidnapped on purpose in the story?” she asked him.

Steve chuckled and shook his head. “Such a natural response from a twelve year old. No, here, look at my notes, baby.”

Roll Perception (wis) against 15. If success, the character will notice something, if not, the noise is somewhere else.

“See? You rolled a 6, so you don’t see it.”

“But I didn’t roll,” Mariela crossed her arms as if she really was a little kid and put out her lip in a pout. “You rolled it, and you said I’m the little girl, so why come you rolled the dice thing and not me?”

Steve smiled. “You’re right, honey. I was just trying to keep the rules simple for your first time. Do you want to roll, honey?”

“Yes! It only fair, if you gonna say I didn’t notice it.”

“Alright, honey. Your wisdom is 14, so you get to add 2 to whatever your roll before we see if it is higher than 15.”

“Okay…. I roll… a… 9?”

“So, what is 9 plus 2, honey?”

“It 11.”

“Did you roll more than 15?”

“No,” Mariela sulked.

“So, like I said, you hear scurrying from the other side of the bed….”

Even though it didn’t always go her way when she rolled the dice, and even when she rolled high, but did something that she didn’t know would cause something bad to happen, she started to like this form of bedtime story.

She was now, somewhere in the dark, somewhere in secret tunnels in the house, and she started to get sleepy. She still didn’t know what was scurrying around just yet, but the more she explored this mystery in the story, the more tired and the more content she was…. And then she was out.

*005*2021-07-20 01:18

Chapter 6:

“Are you sure she won’t wake up?” a whisper in the night cut through the air.

“Certain, honey. I powdered up two of those sleeping pills in her drink.”

“Two? It’s not too much is it?”

“No, honey. Trust me, I read it carefully, and she is big enough, she could even take three at once, if we wanted to keep her out for much longer than just a normal sleep, but two should let her sleep deeply enough she won’t even know we are talking right now.”

“Okay. So, what is the plan?”

“Well, you did make sure she drank three bottles of cola, didn’t you?”

“Yes.”

“Good. Just put her little foot in this, off the side of the bed, and put her opposite hand in this.”

Mariela thought she was hearing voices, but her eyelids were too heavy to open, and the voices sound so far away….

“I don’t understand why you are putting her foot in a pan of water,” Steve whispered to Susan.

“Because, if the hand in the water trick works sometimes, on some people, having two of her limbs in cool water should be twice as effective, so because of the sleeping pills we ground up in her first bottle of cola, she shouldn’t even stir while she wets tonight, and hopefully, she won’t even wake up before we get up in the morning to get her.”

“What are we going to do with this things, then? Just leave them here?”

“I don’t see how we can do it any other way. I don’t want to sit here all night and wait for her body to finally decide to go. Do you?”

“No.”

“We’ll set the alarm for five in the morning so we have time to get in here and get rid of these things before she wakes up, and then we’ll wake her up just before seven, and hopefully, she’ll have a soggy saggy diaper on by then.”

There was more whispering, but Mariela’s brain was too far gone to hear anymore. It was fuzzy, and she couldn’t even necessarily put the voices to her uncle or her aunt. Instead, she felt like something in the dark, the creatures in her story were whispering about her. She never saw them in her story, and so in her dream, they were constantly in the shadows, and they watched her, and they scurried here and there, and seemed to block every route possible to the toilets….

The toilets…. Mariela thought she had to pee. She tried to get up from her bed, but when she opened her eyes, she heard something under the bed. It was scary. It made a noise deep and monstrous enough, that she made sure her hands and feel were pulled off of the floor.

She wanted to scream, but she couldn’t for some reason. She bounced on the bed, trying to stay near the center of it so that something couldn’t grab her with ease.

She started to feel her body betray her as she bounced around and avoided shadowy long sender limbs reaching over the bed towards her. She sprayed into her panties. Her panties took a point of damage in wetness. Was this really happening? Was she wetting her panties? What happened to her diaper?

She curled up to the headboard and grabbed her build-a-bear, Mr. Cottonmouth, and she held him to her chest as she leaked again, two more points of damage to her panties! What was she saying? Why was she saying her panties took damage? In the story that she was with her uncle, the night before, the creatures didn’t even show their arms. She didn’t even pee, did she? Why was she peeing now?

She sprayed the rest of the pee into her panties. Somehow, her skirt… wait, did she have a skirt on? Was she really awake?

Mariela tried to wake up again, but she found herself on her bed, again, in a skirt, and she saw the slender shadowy arms reaching for her, and she felt her bladder spray into her panties again.

She fought trying to wake up a couple more times, and then gave up, and just mumbled in her sleep to at least go to another dream. Please any other dream. Please….

The next morning, Mariela was being prodded by her Aunt Susan to wake up. Her aunt was rolling on her shoulders and whispering to her.

“Wake up, honey. We have a lot to do this morning. Please wake up.”

After a few minutes of recognizing her aunt’s voice trying to stir her, the girl opened her eyes and sat up. When she did, she felt a heavy squishiness in her panties… no her diaper. Under her, her pajamas even felt a bit damp, and she lifted her butt and felt the bed, but it didn’t seem all that wet. She pulled the blankets back, and her face heated up as she saw in her crotch, an obvious wet spot from wetting herself, but it was so small and so weak, that it had not really wet on the bed as badly.

Susan smiled and helped her out of bed, where she turned her little niece around and patted her damp bottom.

“Aw! Did my little niece wet the bed?” Susan asked her.

Mariela had tears starting to well in her eyes. She had never wet the bed like this before, that she could ever remember. But, knowing that lying could get her in trouble, she just looked down and whispered very lightly.

“Sorry, auntie.”

“I know, honey. I know,” Susan patted her back. “Come on down and have some breakfast, and then Uncle Steve will help you get changed for the day. Auntie has to get ready for work today. I’m going to work half a day.”

“If I’m twelve, is someone going to watch me?” Mariela asked.

“You’re going to go to school this morning, if everything works out,” Susan told her.

“School?! Are you serious? There’s no way anyone will believe I’m just twelve years old! I know too much!”

“Well, you better hold back a bit, then, baby. You are going to school, and the story is you were on the streets for a while, so you are actually way behind in your schooling. You better do very poorly at math and literature or writing, understand?”

Mariela frowned. “But….”

“You heard me, missy.”

Susan then took her hand and walked her down to the dining room, shutting off the conversation.

“Sit. I’ll have your breakfast ready in a minute.”

Mariela nodded.

Steve came in behind her, and he wrapped his arms around her from behind like he always did since meeting her, and kissed the top of her head.

“Did you sleep okay?” he asked her.

“She wet the bed, honey,” Susan said as she set a bowl of oatmeal in front of Mariela. “Didn’t you, honey?”

Mariela nodded looking up at Steve. “Sorry uncle.”

“Well, that’s what the diaper was for, wasn’t it, honey. No harm done.”

Steve moved so the little 23 year old woman could eat her breakfast. She was poured a glass of orange juice, and given two piece of toast with strawberry jam as well.

Mariela looked up at Aunt Susan with a bit of strawberry jam on the corner of her mouth and on her fingers.

“What is the story about me being behind?” she asked her.

“Well, we’ll say you were not enrolled in school for about two years, honey.”

“Two years? That’s like… fifth grade, isn’t it?”

“Yeah, maybe just before fifth….”

“Do I even know fractions?”

“I’m not sure, honey. I am sure you can’t do much with fractions though, nor are you good at division, and you mix up your multiplication all the time.”

Mariela sighed.

“Can I do anything right?”

“You are very good at adding and subtracting, and even can do some of it in your head, if you can.”

Mariela nodded.

“How well do I read?”

“You have trouble pronouncing words over six letters long, unless the word has double letters or sound combinations that would make it just five sounds or less.”

“Okay…,” Mariela sighed. That sounded a lot worse though, than what she thought a fifth grader could do.

“What about Science and Social Studies?”

“You are a little fascinated by Science, so you can do anything a fifth grader or even a sixth grader can do in Science, but you are not very good at history or other things like that. You mix up dates most of all, and history makes you kind of shy and you always want to use the bathroom to get out of history class.”

“Oh,” Mariela blushed.

“The teachers will be told that you used to try to duck out to the bathroom during both History and Math, so they might not let you use the bathroom during those periods because of that.”

Mariela sighed. Another plan to make her wet her pants, maybe?

“Am I going to wet my pants at school?” Mariela wanted to know up front.

“Well, what do you think, honey? Is that what little twelve year old Mariela would do?”

“Not if I can help it,” Mariela said. “But you said I won’t be allowed to use the bathroom during Social Studies or Math, if you can help it, and so I was just wondering… if you were going to make it hard for me to go potty like a big girl at school.”

“I want you to use the toilets at school, if you gotta go at a time that is naturally free for you to do so. I’m only asking they don’t let you skip out on the two subjects that I want you to be way behind in.”

Mariela nodded.

“If I have a problem and can’t hold it in those classes, do I get a spanking for wetting my pants?”

“It depends on how or why it happened, baby. If you were caught talking to other girls and playing around before that class, and then peed yourself during class because you asked the class in the middle of the class, then yes, you will be spanked. If you were not seen playing around, and you honestly couldn’t hold it, then we’ll see what the teacher says… and if we determine it’s just your little peeing problem that is part of what happens to you at night anyway, then maybe we’ll just look into you seeing a doctor again about it.”

Mariela looked down. “Again?”

“Your parents would have taken you to see a doctor because of bedwetting,” Susan told her. “If you are wetting yourself at school, then maybe your problem is getting worse.”

She signed and nodded.

“Don’t. Ever. Poop. Your. Pants, though,” Susan made sure each word was clearly out before saying the next so her little 23 year old niece knew that she was not expected to poop herself.

Mariela bit her lower lip to keep from talking back. She wasn’t sure if she complained that she would never do that, if they would take it as back talking or not, and maybe make things harder on her.

After breakfast, Steve took little twelve year old Mariela to her room, leading her by her hand, and he had her sit on her bed, careful not to get on the wet part when her diaper was off.

“You are going to be in sixth grade for a couple of months,” Steve told her. “But you will probably be in a special class because of your anxiety for math and social studies.”

As he talked, he pulled together an undershirt and some panties and came back to start dressing his naked little niece.

“Your other classes shouldn’t be too hard for you, but remember, you can’t read that well. Anything with more than six letters, you need to sound it out, and you can skip double letters as single letters when counting the letters. Anything over eight letters, and you should be having a real had time coming up with the word.”

“Okay.”

He brought over white frilly top and a cute red and black plaid skirt that was pleated.

“Now, are you sure you don’t have wetting issues at school?” Uncle Steve asked her. “If you do, we can put a diaper on you, and then auntie will have to forgive you if you wet at school. If you wear panties though, they better not be wet unless it is a real accident.”

“I don’t want to wet my pants at school,” Mariela said looking up at him with pleading eyes.

“Okay. So, no ignoring your bladder before class, and then wetting in the middle of a class because of that, right?”

“Right,” Mariela smiled and nodded.

“Oh, and bullies. You are technically 23 years old. You do know what will happen if you throw a punch at any bullies?”

“I can be arrested?”

“Exactly. So, no standing up to bullies. You are scared of them, and you do anything they tell you to avoid fighting them.”

“Anything?”

“Anything. I cannot protect you from the police if you do something that gets you investigated and reveals your real age.”

Mariela nodded.

“Oh, I almost forgot. What hand do you write with?”

“My right hand….”

“Well, your right hand is going to be injured, baby.”

“Injured? For real?”

“Well, it’s not in pain right now, but we are going to wrap it, so you’ll have do all your writing with your left hand.”

“That’s going to be sloppy.”

“Yes, exactly like a little kid,” Uncle Steve smiled which made her realize the purpose of this.

“If my hand is injured, is it going to get in the way me going pee?” Mariela asked.

“Honey, if you are twelve years old, stop saying pee so easily like that. You can asked if you can go to the bathroom, using the words bathroom or restroom, but no saying what you are actually going to do in there.”

“Why?”

“Because your parents, and your Uncle and Aunt would have taught you that it’s bad to talk like that.”

“Oh,” she looked down. “Okay.”

“Alright, so you are going to need uncle to help you dress, even as a twelve year old because your hand and arm are hurt, just around here.”

He started to wrap her fingers together, then up through her wrist, and finally halfway up to her elbow.

“You don’t twist your arm, and you don’t hold anything in your fingers without showing discomfort and pain, understand?”

Mariela nodded.

“Good girl.”

He patted her on her skirt bottom and started to walk her down the stairs, but still seeming to have forgotten the question about whether or not her hurt arm would make it hard to pee or not. She supposed she would just have to try at school, to see if she could get her pants up and down by herself.

As they headed out to the car, to get everyone where they needed to go, Aunt Susan handed the little pretend twelve year old a cup of water.

“Drink,” she ordered. “I want to make sure you are hydrated, honey. Make sure you drink plenty of water at school. You’ll have a toilet right there, near you, so there is no reason to be scared you’ll wet your pants before finding a chance to go.”

Mariela nodded.

By the time Mariela had drank the water, they had dropped Steve off at his job. She wasn’t sure when he was going to quit that job, but she did remember them talking about him not being appreciated at Ace Hardware, and about him not being happy there.

Then, Susan took Mariela to the middle school where she took the little lady not to the main office, but directly into the principal’s office to have some private words with her.

“This is my little niece, the one I told you about that might be coming to stay with my boyfriend and me because her parents are out on the street?”

“Oh, yes, I do remember you, now.”

“Well, I’ve just learned my niece has been out on the streets for two years, and not six months like I first thought.”

“That’s terrible!”

“Yeah, and according to my brother, that has really caused trouble in her academics, as if her trouble with math and history are not bad enough.”

“Well, that’s alright. We’ll work with her however we can. Do you have her records?”

“Unfortunately, when they were kicked out, they lost a lot of important stuff, and because she didn’t attend school for about two years, my brother says he can’t even get her academic records.”

“That’s too bad. If I could just get her social security number or something, I might be able to get something, or at least start a new file on her if nothing else.”

“Well, as I said, they lost all her documents. We went to the government yesterday to get replacement records for her, but they won’t come back for at least two weeks, and could take three.”

“I see.”

“Is there any way she can start today? She’s already so far behind her peers, and I really do have to get back to work, today, too.”

“I think we can let her start. Just get me her papers as soon as you can, okay?”

“Sure.”

“There is something else I need to talk to you about before I go.”

“Yes?”

“She doesn’t like math or history. I would really like it if the teacher doesn’t leave the classroom if my little niece says she has to use the bathroom in those classes.”

“Okay…, but normally, parents are fighting for the opposite.”

“I know, but my little niece has used the bathroom as an excuse in these subjects for too long, and she can’t even do simple calculations that sixth graders should be able to, partially because of missing so much school, but also because she escapes to the bathroom when something gets too challenging for her.”

“I’ll let her teachers know, then.”

“Thank you. And sucking her thumb won’t be a problem will it? I’ve noticed the last two days, she does that a lot when she’s nervous.”

Mariela took that as a cue to put her thumb in her mouth because she did feel nervous for real, after all.

The principal smiled. “Well, there is nothing that stops her coming to school doing that, but her peers could be mean about it. I’ll try to let her teachers know to watch her and try to distract her from putting her thumb in her mouth as much as we can, and maybe have a talk with her homeroom to give them help in understanding her situation.”

“Thank you so much. Well, I need to go now. You be good, Mariela, and mind your teachers, okay?”

Mariela nodded. “Okay.”

She talked around her thumb, and the principal smiled at the little girl.

“They are all in third period,” she told Mariela. “But you and I need to find an appropriate class for you, so can you wait a moment while I look into the computer to see what class to put you in?”

“Okay.”

It took a while, so actually, they were starting fourth period, when the principal, Mrs. Hayes, took the little lady that she thought to be twelve years of age to her first sixth grade history class with Mr. Wilson.

“Excuse me, Mr. Wilson, this is a new student here. Her name is Mariela Wayfeld.”

“Oh, thank you, Mrs. Hayes. “Miss, you can sit there…,”

“Wait,” the principal called him over to them. “She has trouble in history. I was hoping you’d put her near the front where you can watch her, and don’t listen to her if she pleads to use the bathroom. It’s mostly just anxiety about history that she’s trying to escape from.”

“Oh,” Mr. Wilson frown, his grey and black moustache pronouncing the frown even more. “But what about student rights?”

“It’s alright. Her Aunt, who is her legal guardian is the one that has requested we ignore her pleas to use the bathroom both in mathematics and in history.”

“Alright.”

“She’s also waaay behind her peers because of missing school for nearly two years, so go as slow as you can with her and work with her? Maybe hold her after recess or something when you can to make sure she understands stuff, at least for a while?”

“I’ll see what I can do.”

“That’s all I asked.”

Mr. Wilson turned back to the class.

“Okay, Robbie, would you please sit back by my desk? I want our new student sit there for now on. She has some trouble with her eyes.”

“Oh, okay, sure.”

Mariela appreciated how he had kept her real problem a secret by making up an excuse to put her in front, and such a natural excuse for as quick as he thought of it, too. He was probably practiced at this sort of deception to keep student real needs secret.

Mr. Wilson went to the front of the class, and he pointed at the board and started to instruct the class on some world events that affected America in the 1800s.

Mariela started to write in a notebook.

Just before the bell rang for lunch, Mr. Wilson called Jenna Jensen to the back of the room and whispered to her Jenna smiled and nodded as Mariela watched and then the black girl with shiny dark hair approached her desk and with amber eyes, she whispered in Mariela’s ear.

“Mr. Wilson says class is over, so I can take you to the bathroom now. Then, I’ll show you were we eat lunch.”

Mariela nodded.

Mariela stood up, but she noticed everyone else was still seated, and a few steps out the classroom door, the school bell sounded to let the hallways fill up.

“What were you and Mr. Wilson talking about back at his desk?” Mariela wanted to know.

“Oh, we just noticed you hurt your hand, so he wants me to stay with you today, and make sure you can get everything you need.”

“Don’t you have a different class than me after lunch?”

“No…. Why would I?”

Mariela shrugged. She was afraid that she might have made a mistake saying that. Maybe things have changed since she last went to middle school or junior high school, or whatever it was.

“Anyway, he told me to take you to the bathroom because neither of us could see how you could go on your own with your arm hurt, and then I am to help you get your tray in the cafeteria.”

“Oh, okay,” Mariela blushed.

When Mariela went into the stall, Jenna pushing her into the bigger one for special needs people and locking the door behind them both, the other girl waited to see if Mariela could get her skirt out of the way on her own, but truth be told, if she wasn’t supposed to use her wrapped hand, and with Jenna watching, she was scared to use it, she did find it frustrating that she couldn’t get her skirt down that easily.

“Just what we thought,” Jenna said triumphantly. “Actually, what I told Mr. Wilson. You there’s no way you can get your pants down in time to pee with a hurt hand.”

She walked over and pulled the girl’s skirt down and then her panties so she could sit on the toilet.

“You can go now,” Jenna said. “I’ll step outside for a few minutes so you can go without me watching you.”

Mariela nodded tightening her mouth at the idea that a young classmate had to help her get her skirt down. This was embarrassing. She sat on the toilet, but it was still too early. She didn’t have to go.

“I’m done,” Mariela eventually called out to which her door opened, and Jenna came over and helped her fix her skirt before they both went to wash their hands.

Jenna was a big help to the girl with a supposed hurt arm, and all day, she helped her with her new locker, carried her books, and took care of her until it was time to catch the bus, and Mariela went to the office to wait for her auntie.

Mrs. Hayes was in the office when Mariela went in, so the nice young woman with brown hair and blue eyes walked over to the young girl, put a hand on her shoulder, and smiled at her.

“How was your first day, honey?”

“I met Jenna. Jenna is really nice to me, and she’s helped me all day because of my hurt arm.”

“I’m sure Mr. Wilson knew what he was doing when he assigned someone to show you around for a week.”

“Jenna has to show me around for a week?”

“That’s what we do here, honey. A school is a community, and so we make sure everyone is welcome and has at least two people they get to know the first week of school, so no one feels lonely at school.”

“That is nice,” Mariela said smiling. She remembered her own school so many years ago, and eating lunch by herself because she was an adopted dirty kid that no one liked.
