A Howler for Bedwetting!

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2024-10-11 22:31

Ok, so I mentioned this as a possible fan fic in another thread, couldn't find it, and well... I know the rules... so I got a robot to write it for me. Note, I got AI to write this, but it's surprisingly not that bad...

Enjoy,

Rach

In the bustling Great Hall of Hogwarts, students sat at long tables, enjoying their breakfast as sunlight streamed through the enchanted ceiling, casting warm rays over the room. Laughter echoed from every corner, and the clatter of dishes blended with the soft hum of chatter. Harry, Ron, and Hermione were seated at the Gryffindor table, mid-conversation about the upcoming Transfiguration class.

Suddenly, a rush of wings filled the air as the morning post arrived. Owls of all shapes and sizes swooped down, delivering letters, parcels, and newspapers to eager hands. Ron's owl, Errol, crash-landed as usual with a package of sweets from his mum, and Harry received a letter from Hagrid inviting them for tea. But Hermione sat stiffly, glancing at the sky, her eyes widening as a large, red envelope descended upon her.

"A Howler?" Ron whispered, leaning in, wide-eyed. "Who on earth would send you one?"

Hermione’s face drained of color as she hesitated to grab the Howler. She knew what would happen if she didn’t open it, but she didn’t want to. Her hands shook as she finally reached for the letter, and it burst open in her hands, the magically amplified voice reverberating through the hall.

"HERMIONE JEAN GRANGER!" a shrill voice shrieked, echoing across the hall with such intensity that even the Slytherin table turned to listen. "HOW DARE YOU KEEP HIDING THIS FROM US? WE RAISED YOU BETTER THAN TO BE ASHAMED OF SOMETHING SO NATURAL! WETTING THE BED IS NOTHING TO BE EMBARRASSED ABOUT, BUT HIDING IT? THAT'S WHERE YOU'VE GONE WRONG!"

Hermione froze in place, her cheeks burning with shame, eyes glued to the table. The voice was unmistakable — her mother’s. The entire hall had gone silent, forks and spoons suspended in mid-air as everyone stared.

"YOU'RE A BRILLIANT GIRL, HERMIONE, BUT YOU NEED TO TELL SOMEONE ABOUT THIS! THE SPELLS FOR YOUR BEDDING CAN ONLY DO SO MUCH IF YOU DON’T ASK FOR HELP! YOU CAN'T RELY ON POTIONS ALONE!"

Ron’s mouth hung open, and Harry looked horrified, wanting to do something but not knowing what. Whispers surged through the hall as people began to realize what was being said.

"AND DON’T THINK WE HAVEN’T NOTICED YOU HIDING THOSE SPARE CLOTHES UNDER YOUR PILLOW EITHER! WE LOVE YOU, HERMIONE, BUT YOU CAN’T KEEP THIS A SECRET FOREVER!"

The Howler folded itself and crumbled into ash, leaving behind an eerie, deafening silence. Hermione stared at the table, hands trembling, unable to meet anyone’s eyes. A few snickers erupted from the Slytherin table, and Ron shot them a glare that could have rivaled a Basilisk’s.

"Don’t listen to them," Harry muttered under his breath, leaning toward Hermione. "They don’t matter."

But Hermione was mortified, the weight of the hall’s eyes on her shoulders like a crushing force. Her mind raced, thinking of all the books she had read, the spells she had tried, the potions she had brewed in secret, all in an effort to control something she couldn’t explain — something that now everyone knew about.

Ron, never great with words in moments like these, tried awkwardly to break the tension. "Blimey, Hermione…your mum sure knows how to make a scene, doesn’t she?"

Harry shot him a warning look, but Hermione let out a small, strained laugh despite herself. "Yeah, she does," she whispered, still staring at her plate, her voice barely audible. Her embarrassment was overwhelming, but Harry and Ron’s presence grounded her.

As the chatter in the hall slowly resumed, Harry leaned in, his voice low and supportive. "You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to, but…we’re here for you, okay? Always."

Hermione nodded, her face still flushed, but a tiny sense of relief settled over her knowing that her friends, at least, wouldn’t judge her.

As the murmur of conversation began to return to the Great Hall, Hermione remained seated, her face still burning from the humiliation. She wanted to sink into the floor, disappear under the table, or flee the hall altogether, but her legs felt like they were made of stone. She gripped her spoon tightly, staring at the oatmeal that had long since lost its appeal.

Harry and Ron exchanged a glance. Ron, clearly out of his depth, scratched the back of his head, trying to think of something to say that wouldn’t make things worse. "Look, Hermione," he mumbled, "people will forget about this by lunch. Fred and George’ll probably pull some prank on Filch, and that'll be the end of it."

Hermione appreciated his attempt at optimism, but it felt hollow. She could hear the whispers from the other tables, the furtive glances cast her way. The Slytherins were enjoying this far too much, particularly Draco Malfoy, whose smirk was infuriating.

"Well, well," Malfoy’s voice drawled from across the room. "Looks like Granger’s finally shown she’s not perfect after all. Bet you’ll be asking Snape for a potion for that little problem now, won’t you?"

Hermione stiffened, her eyes flashing with anger, but before she could react, Ron shot to his feet, glaring at Malfoy. "Shut your mouth, Malfoy, or I’ll shut it for you!"

"Sit down, Weasley," Malfoy sneered, unfazed. "Wouldn’t want to get yourself in trouble defending her embarrassing secret, would you?"

Harry stood up as well, placing a hand on Ron’s shoulder to hold him back, his own expression as steely as ever. "Don’t, Ron. He’s not worth it."

The tension in the hall was thick, eyes darting between the Gryffindor and Slytherin tables, waiting to see if the situation would escalate. Hermione, still seated, clenched her fists and finally looked up at Malfoy.

"At least I can handle my problems with dignity," she said, her voice low but filled with defiance. "Unlike you, Malfoy, who spends his time making other people feel small just to hide how weak you really are."

The smirk on Malfoy’s face faltered for a split second, but before he could retort, Professor McGonagall swept down the aisle between the tables, her eyes flashing dangerously.

"That’s enough," she said, her voice sharp. "Mr. Malfoy, Mr. Weasley, if I see one more sign of this kind of behavior from either of you, I will be docking points from your houses. Is that understood?"

"Yes, Professor," Harry, Ron, and Malfoy mumbled in unison, each sitting down, though the glares between them continued.

McGonagall turned her attention to Hermione, her stern expression softening just slightly. "Miss Granger, would you come with me for a moment?"

Hermione’s heart sank. The last thing she wanted was more attention, but she nodded and rose from the table. Harry and Ron exchanged worried glances as they watched her follow McGonagall out of the hall.

They walked in silence down the corridors until they reached McGonagall’s office. The Professor closed the door behind them and gestured for Hermione to sit. The walls were lined with bookshelves, and the air smelled faintly of parchment and ink.

"Miss Granger," McGonagall began, her voice firm but kind, "I understand that receiving a Howler of that nature in front of your peers must have been…difficult. But I want you to know that there is no shame in what you’re experiencing. You are not the first student to deal with such challenges, and you will not be the last."

Hermione, her eyes still downcast, nodded slowly. "I just…I didn’t want anyone to know. It’s hard enough already."

McGonagall’s eyes softened further, and she sat down across from Hermione, her demeanor more understanding than Hermione had expected. "There are things we can do to help you manage this, Miss Granger. Discreetly. Madame Pomfrey is well-versed in these matters, and there are charms and potions that could ease some of the difficulty."

"I’ve tried some of the potions already," Hermione admitted, feeling the need to explain. "But they don’t always work."

McGonagall nodded knowingly. "Potions can sometimes be inconsistent for situations like yours. There are alternative methods that might help. If you’re open to it, I can arrange a meeting with Madame Pomfrey to explore some other options."

Hermione hesitated but eventually nodded. "I think…that would be helpful. Thank you, Professor."

"You’re a remarkable student, Hermione," McGonagall said softly. "Don’t let something like this overshadow all the things you’ve achieved. You’re far stronger than you give yourself credit for."

With those final words, McGonagall stood and gave Hermione a small, reassuring nod before dismissing her. Hermione left the office feeling slightly lighter, though the embarrassment still lingered.

As she made her way back to the Gryffindor common room, her thoughts were a whirl of emotions — shame, frustration, and a glimmer of hope. She dreaded facing her classmates again, but knowing that there was help and support waiting for her, she felt just a little bit more capable of handling it.

When she pushed open the door to the common room, Harry and Ron were waiting for her near the fireplace. Both of them stood up immediately when they saw her.

"Everything okay?" Harry asked, his green eyes filled with concern.

Hermione managed a small smile, still feeling the sting of what had happened but grateful for her friends. "Yeah. Everything’s fine."

Ron, still looking slightly awkward, gave her a grin. "Told you, by lunch it'll all blow over."

Hermione raised an eyebrow at him but couldn’t help but laugh. "You really think so, Ron?"

"Absolutely," Ron said confidently. "And if Malfoy tries anything again, well, he’ll have to deal with us."

Hermione’s smile grew, and for the first time that day, she felt like maybe things would be okay. She had her friends, and no matter what happened next, she knew she wouldn’t be facing it alone.

As Hermione sat by the fire with Harry and Ron, her thoughts still lingered on the Howler and the mortifying moment in the Great Hall. She appreciated her friends’ support, but the idea of facing the rest of the school weighed heavily on her. She didn’t want to think about the whispers that would follow her down every corridor, or the stares that would burn into her back during class.

"Do you think Malfoy will let this go?" Hermione asked, more to herself than to her friends.

"Malfoy’s a git," Ron muttered. "He’ll probably try something, but we’ll handle him like we always do. Besides, I bet Fred and George will find a way to get back at him before the day’s out."

Harry nodded in agreement, though his expression remained serious. "We’ll keep an eye on him. And everyone else. No one’s going to make you feel bad about this, Hermione. Not while we’re around."

Hermione smiled, but deep down, she couldn’t shake the feeling that this was far from over. Hogwarts had a way of making small secrets explode into larger problems, especially when Slytherins got involved. But Harry and Ron’s support gave her some comfort.

The next few hours passed relatively quietly. Hermione managed to avoid too many awkward encounters, and her classmates—while curious—seemed to give her some space. Still, she noticed a few students glancing her way more than usual, whispering behind their hands. She pretended not to care, keeping her head down as she focused on her studies.

By lunch, Ron’s prediction seemed to hold true. Fred and George had, in fact, managed to divert attention away from Hermione with a spectacular prank involving enchanted water balloons that exploded into puffs of rainbow-colored smoke. The entire Great Hall had erupted in laughter, even some of the teachers couldn’t hide their amusement. For a moment, Hermione felt the weight of her earlier humiliation lift.

But as the day wore on, she couldn’t help but feel something looming—like a storm waiting to break. And sure enough, it came during Potions.

Professor Snape stood at the front of the class, his black eyes scanning the room with his usual look of disdain. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat together at their cauldron, trying to focus on their brewing assignment. But Hermione could feel the tension thickening around her, and her instincts told her that something was about to go wrong.

"Five points from Gryffindor for poorly chopped ingredients," Snape sneered, glancing at Seamus Finnigan's cauldron, which was already emitting a foul smell.

Hermione was about to suggest a correction when, from behind her, she heard a soft, malicious whisper. "Hey, Granger, need a potion for your little… problem?"

Her stomach dropped as she turned to see Draco Malfoy smirking at her from across the aisle, his silver eyes gleaming with mockery.

"Careful, Malfoy," Harry hissed, turning sharply. "You don’t want to lose any more points for Slytherin, do you?"

Malfoy’s smirk only grew wider. "Oh, I’m sure Snape would understand, Potter. I’m just concerned for poor Hermione. Must be hard, dealing with that sort of thing in a school like this. Can’t imagine what the house-elves must think."

Hermione’s cheeks flushed with anger, but before she could respond, Snape’s voice cut through the room like ice.

"Is there something you’d like to share with the class, Mr. Malfoy?"

Malfoy’s expression faltered slightly, but he quickly regained his composure. "Just showing a little concern for my classmates, Professor," he said, his voice dripping with false sincerity.

Snape’s cold eyes flicked between Malfoy and Hermione for a moment before he spoke again, his tone even and unreadable. "If I hear one more word from you that is not directly related to today’s lesson, I’ll be deducting points from Slytherin. Is that understood?"

Malfoy nodded, his smirk vanishing, though his eyes still glinted with malice. Snape turned back to the board, continuing the lesson as if nothing had happened.

But the damage was done. Hermione’s hands shook as she stirred her potion, her mind racing. No matter how much Snape had tried to quell the situation, Malfoy wasn’t going to stop. And the worst part was that now it felt like the whole class was watching her again, waiting for her reaction.

"Ignore him, Hermione," Harry whispered beside her, his voice steady. "Don’t let him get to you."

But Hermione was struggling to keep her emotions in check. She knew that Malfoy would keep pushing, and eventually, others might join in. Hogwarts could be relentless once a rumor spread, and Malfoy seemed intent on turning her bedwetting into a source of endless mockery.

As they packed up their things after class, Hermione caught a glimpse of Pansy Parkinson whispering to Daphne Greengrass, both girls glancing at her with poorly disguised amusement. It made her stomach churn.

She couldn’t take much more of this. There had to be something she could do to make it stop.

That evening, as she sat in the common room, staring at the fire, an idea began to form in her mind. She wasn’t going to let Malfoy and the others control the narrative. If she confronted it head-on, maybe—just maybe—she could take away the power they held over her.

The next morning, Hermione steeled herself as she entered the Great Hall for breakfast. The whispering was still there, but she kept her head high. She wasn’t going to let this control her any longer.

As soon as she sat down, she turned to Harry and Ron. "I need to talk to Professor Dumbledore."

Both boys looked at her in surprise. "Dumbledore? What for?" Ron asked.

Hermione took a deep breath. "If Malfoy and the others want to spread rumors, I’m going to stop them. But I need Dumbledore’s help. I have an idea, but it’s going to take some magic… powerful magic."

As Hermione sat in the common room that evening, staring into the flickering flames of the fireplace, a very different idea began to form in her mind. It was bold, maybe even reckless, but after everything she had been through, she couldn’t shake the thought. Why should she be the only one to suffer through the embarrassment and shame? Why should the other students feel free to mock her when they had no idea what it was like?

No, they needed to understand firsthand.

Harry and Ron sat beside her, both of them having done their best to offer support throughout the day. They had no idea about the dangerous plan forming in her mind.

"I need to talk to Dumbledore," Hermione said quietly, her voice steady but cold.

Harry looked at her in confusion. "Dumbledore? For what? You think he’ll put a stop to Malfoy?"

Hermione shook her head. "No. Dumbledore’s not going to stop Malfoy. But I think I can."

Ron raised an eyebrow, sensing the change in her tone. "What are you planning, Hermione?"

Hermione turned to them, her eyes burning with a fierce determination they hadn’t seen before. "I’m going to cast a spell. A spell that’ll make every student at Hogwarts wet the bed."

Harry and Ron stared at her, shocked into silence.

"You’re… what?" Harry asked, his voice barely above a whisper. "Why would you do that?"

Hermione’s voice hardened. "Because they need to know what it feels like. They’ve made fun of me, whispered about me behind my back, and treated me like a joke. But if everyone experiences what I go through, even for just one night, they won’t be able to mock me anymore."

Ron looked horrified. "Hermione, that’s mad! You can’t just make everyone… I mean, what if someone figures out it’s you? You’ll get expelled!"

"I don’t care!" Hermione snapped, standing up from her seat. "I’m tired of being the target. If this is what it takes to make them understand, then so be it."

Harry stood up too, concern etched on his face. "But this isn’t like you. There has to be another way. We can find something else—"

"No," Hermione interrupted. "There’s no other way. They’ll never understand unless they experience it for themselves."

Determined, she left the common room, heading straight for Dumbledore’s office. Her heart pounded as she ascended the spiral staircase, her mind set on what needed to be done. She knew that what she was about to ask for was dangerous, but she didn’t care. Dumbledore had the power to help her, and she would make him see her side.

When she reached the stone gargoyle, she muttered the password, "Sherbet Lemon," and ascended to the headmaster’s office.

Dumbledore sat behind his desk, calm and wise as ever. Fawkes, his phoenix, perched nearby, casting a serene glow over the room.

"Miss Granger," Dumbledore greeted her with a smile. "To what do I owe the pleasure of this visit?"

Hermione took a deep breath, steadying herself. "Professor, I’ve been thinking about everything that’s happened. About the Howler, Malfoy’s teasing, and the way the other students have treated me. I can’t take it anymore. So, I want to cast a spell—one that will make every student at Hogwarts wet the bed for just one night."

Dumbledore’s calm expression didn’t change, though his blue eyes twinkled with curiosity. "That is a rather unusual request, Miss Granger. Why do you believe such a spell is necessary?"

"Because they need to understand," Hermione said, her voice trembling with emotion. "They need to know what it feels like to wake up ashamed, to worry every night, to feel like they have no control. If everyone goes through it, even for one night, maybe they’ll stop laughing at me. Maybe they’ll stop seeing it as something to mock."

Dumbledore sat in silence for a moment, his gaze thoughtful. Finally, he leaned back in his chair, his long fingers steepled before him.

"It is a powerful thing, to make others understand your pain," he said softly. "But it is also a dangerous thing to force such an experience upon them. Pain and humiliation, when inflicted upon others, do not always lead to empathy. Sometimes they lead to bitterness, anger, and further division."

Hermione felt her resolve waver for a moment, but she straightened her back, determined. "I’m willing to take that risk, Professor. I need them to know what it’s like."

Dumbledore sighed, rising from his chair. "You are a brilliant and courageous young witch, Hermione, and I understand your frustrations. However, I must caution you—forcing such an experience on others is not a path to understanding. It may give them a taste of what you’ve endured, but it will not change their hearts. Change comes from within, not from imposed suffering."

Hermione clenched her fists. "So you won’t help me?"

Dumbledore’s expression softened. "No, Hermione. I cannot help you cast such a spell. But I can help you find another way to confront this challenge—one that allows others to see the strength you carry, rather than the pain you wish to share."

Hermione’s anger flared, but she knew better than to argue with Dumbledore. She stormed out of the office, her mind racing. If Dumbledore wouldn’t help her, she would find another way.

Back in the common room, Harry and Ron were waiting for her. The tension between them was thick.

"Well?" Ron asked nervously. "What did Dumbledore say?"

"He refused," Hermione muttered, sinking into the chair beside the fire. "He won’t help."

Harry sat down beside her, his voice gentle. "Maybe that’s for the best, Hermione. I know you’re angry, but this… this would only make things worse."

Hermione stared into the flames, her mind still swirling with possibilities. She couldn’t just let things continue as they were, but perhaps there was another way. Maybe, instead of casting a spell on the whole school, she could show her classmates the truth in a way that made them understand—without forcing them to suffer.

As the fire crackled in the hearth, Hermione’s thoughts shifted. Dumbledore was right. Imposing suffering on others wouldn’t solve anything. But if she could find another way to stand up for herself, to show the strength she had gained from her own experiences, maybe the laughter would stop.

And maybe, just maybe, she would find the respect she deserved.

As Hermione sat by the fire, deep in thought, the embers crackling softly, she realized that Dumbledore's words had left a mark. She was still angry, still hurt, but her head was clearing. She couldn’t force people to feel what she had gone through—at least, not the way she’d initially planned. But she was smart enough to think of a better solution.

Suddenly, an idea struck her. It wasn’t about inflicting the same humiliation on others. Instead, it was about sharing her experience in a way that would foster empathy, without vengeance attached to it.

She stood up abruptly, startling both Harry and Ron, who had been watching her in silence.

“I think I know what to do now,” she said, her voice more confident than it had been all day.

Ron raised an eyebrow. “You’re not going to make everyone wet the bed, then?”

Hermione shook her head. “No. Dumbledore was right. I can’t force them to understand by making them suffer. But I can still show them what it feels like.”

Harry looked intrigued. “How?”

Hermione smiled faintly, the flicker of an idea lighting her face. “There’s a way to cast an illusion—one that will allow everyone in the room to experience a dream, or a memory, as if they were living it themselves. I’ll take them through a night in my shoes, but only in a dream. That way, they’ll wake up and remember what it’s like without the actual embarrassment.”

Ron blinked in disbelief. “So, you’re going to let the whole school… dream about wetting the bed?”

“Not exactly,” Hermione said, pacing now as the plan formed in her mind. “I’ll make sure the dream isn’t about wetting the bed itself. It’ll be about the fear—the anxiety of not knowing when it might happen, the exhaustion from trying to control something you can’t. When they wake up, they’ll understand what it feels like without having actually experienced it.”

Harry nodded slowly, starting to see the brilliance in the plan. “That could work. But how are you going to get the whole school to share this dream?”

“I’ll need a charm strong enough to affect everyone in the Great Hall at once,” Hermione replied. “It’ll be tricky, but I think I can do it. I’ve read about mass illusion spells before. It’s complex magic, but if I focus on just one shared experience, it should be doable.”

The next morning, after breakfast, Hermione quietly made her way to the library, determined to find the spell she needed. She spent hours combing through books on dream manipulation and memory sharing, scribbling notes furiously as she pieced together the necessary components of the spell. By the end of the day, she had it.

That evening, she sat in the Gryffindor common room, the spell carefully written out in front of her. Harry and Ron watched as she practiced the incantation under her breath, making sure every movement of her wand was precise. This had to be perfect.

“I’ll cast it tomorrow during dinner,” Hermione said confidently. “When the whole school is gathered in the Great Hall.”

Ron still looked uneasy. “Are you sure about this? What if something goes wrong? You could end up putting everyone in the school in a nightmare.”

Hermione smiled gently. “I’ve double-checked everything. It’ll be fine. I’m not doing this to scare anyone. I just want them to understand.”

The next day, Hermione went to her classes as usual, but her mind was focused on the evening ahead. As the day went on, she noticed that the whispering about her had subsided a little. Perhaps Malfoy had moved on to another target, but she knew the rumors would resurface sooner or later. That was why tonight had to work.

When dinner time arrived, Hermione felt a nervous energy bubbling inside her, but she kept her composure as she walked into the Great Hall. The long tables were filled with students, the usual chatter filling the room. At the Slytherin table, Draco Malfoy was laughing about something with Crabbe and Goyle, and Hermione felt a surge of resolve. This would end tonight.

As everyone settled in for dinner, Hermione discreetly pulled out her wand under the table, keeping her movements small and unnoticeable. She whispered the incantation softly, and a faint, shimmering light began to emanate from her wand, spreading invisibly through the hall.

The charm was cast.

Within moments, the entire hall grew quieter. Students continued to eat, but their movements slowed, their eyes glazing over as the charm took hold. Hermione felt a twinge of guilt watching it unfold, but she reminded herself that this was necessary. They had to understand.

The shared dream began.

In their collective dream, the students found themselves in their own dormitories, tossing and turning in their beds. But this was no ordinary sleep. Each student experienced a strange, persistent anxiety—the feeling of waking up in the middle of the night, checking their bedding, only to feel their stomach tighten with dread. They experienced the helplessness of knowing something might go wrong and the worry of being discovered. It wasn’t a nightmare, but the unease was palpable.

As the dream continued, they felt the shame that came with the idea of losing control. They woke up, again and again, in the dream, feeling the embarrassment of what might happen, the frustration of trying to hide it, and the fear of being laughed at if anyone found out.

And then, just as the anxiety reached its peak, the dream dissolved, and the students woke up—back in the Great Hall.

Dinner resumed as if nothing had happened, but the students looked around at one another, confused and unsettled. There were no outbursts, no laughter, just quiet understanding. Hermione saw Malfoy glance at her with a strange look on his face—almost as if he, too, had felt something he couldn’t quite mock.

Harry and Ron exchanged glances across the table. They knew what had just happened, and they gave Hermione a silent nod of approval.

Hermione sat back, satisfied. She had done it. The spell had worked. The entire school had experienced the fear she lived with, if only for a short time. And now, maybe—just maybe—they would think twice before laughing at her again.

