A Different Kind of Game

Author: Red Simpson

*000*2019-04-30 15:06

Chapter 1-The New Game.

Amber Baker is a 21 year old college student, she has long flowing blonde hair and ocean blue eyes with pale skin and a slender body she's wearing a pale blue t shirt with a grey business jacket and a pair of jeans. She was walking home from college with a brand new fantasy game Amber loves fantasy games with a passion, she'd often dream about being able to live in a world of fantasy and adventure and this game promises that she just couldn't wait to play it, she quickly unlocks the door to her rented apartment and walks inside kicking her shoes off and leaving them in the hall.

*I can't believe a game like this exists!* she thought to herself excitedly as she pops the game case open takes the disk out and puts it into her PC, the game boots up quickly and the main menu appears with an old wooden look to it all she takes the mouse and hits New Game what happens next not even she was expecting.

The screen lights up and a vortex emerges from it with a suction power of 5 hurricanes sucking Amber in without a moment to spare.

*What the fuck is going on!?* she thinks to herself as a random assortment of numbers fly pass her one of them hits her on the head knocking her out cold.

When she wakes up all is not what it seems for one she's in a lush green field and second there's someone looking at her.

"Um...h-hello!?" she calls out to the stranger who emerges from the shadows.

"Oh thank the heavens we're saved." the stranger is a man in his early 30's dressed in rags he jumps in the air clicking his heels together.

"Um...excuse me....could you explain what's going on?" Amber asks.

"Well of course Mage, you see...." Amber interrupts.

"Hang on Mage?....I'm not....." she notices now she is not wearing what she wore before.

She appeared to be wearing a light brown tunic with skin tight pants matching the colour of the tunic with slightly darker looking thigh high boots on top she had brown armour with some pattern on it, she also noticed a sword on the right side of her hip and a book which gave the title -Magic Spells-

"Good sir....please tell me where am I?" she asked looking around.

"Well kind Mage you are in the land of Maraview, the closest town is Haringrad.....would you like me to take you there?" he asked offering his hand.

Amber took his hand and got up and immediately felt her bladder pang but not wanting to embarrass herself she squeezed her legs together.

"Yes please." Amber replied and the man lead the way towards the town.

"The village elder can fill you in." He added as Amber occasionally grabbed her crotch.

*I hope they have a toilet...or something." she thought as they entered the village.

"The Elder's house is just there." the man said pointing to a small hut.

"Thank you sir....is there a rest room I can use?" Amber asked, the man looked at her with a puzzled look.

"I don't understand kind Mage rest.....room?" Amber looked surprised.

*No rest rooms? but I have to pee.* she thought to herself before replying. "Never mind...forget I asked."

The man nodded and walked away. and Amber entered the hut where an old man sat before her.

"Ah....young mistress mage....please take a seat." the elder gestured to Amber toward the seat that was opposite to him and she took the seat crossing her legs to help hold her pee.

"Now you must have a lot of questions feel free to ask me anything." The elder said.

"Are there any rest rooms?" Amber asks instantly and the elder shook his head.

"No....this is a rare case.....you were brought into this word for some unknown reason and no one here has any human needs....a part from you." This got Amber worried not only did she have to pee but she'd have to eat and drink as well.

"Why am I a Mage?" she asked looking at her outfit.

"You prefer a mage over every class my dear." the elder answered.

"Now....I can help you get back to your world but....you'll have to go on a quest....are you up to the task?" he asked.

"I don't have much of a choice." Amber replied, and the elder explained that the world was under threat by a being know only as The Dark One and that Amber is the only one who can defeat him and bring peace to the land, he then gave her a satchel inside contained food, water and 1000 gold as well as a wand then he sent her on her way.

*Oh boy.....I guess this is the adventure I dreamed of.* she says as she leaves the town and into the unknown.

(I hope you enjoyed this first chapter, sorry if you were hoping for some accidents that'll come in the next chapter. that being said if there's anything you'd like to see in Chapter 2 feel free to say and I'll put it in, and feel free to say what you thought about it.

Thanks for reading Chapter 1.)

This is what she looks like, don't know who made the art so credit to whoever made the art. Just leave out the cape.

*002*2019-04-30 16:54

If there's anything you want to see in the next chapter let me know.

