Let's Trade Stories!

Author: Ranpalan

*000*2016-09-15 20:01

For the authors out there: if you're anything like me, you'll occasionally think "I wish there was a story about three bunny-girls trapped in a flying nuclear reactor, but I don't feel like writing it." In general, no matter how much I like an idea, writing my own story about it tends to ruin it completely. So, let's help each other out! Post what kind of story you'd like to see, and if you see someone post something that you'd be willing to write, tell them you'll write for them if they write for you. Agree on an approximate word count and due date, and enjoy getting your cravings fulfilled while contributing to the community!

*002*2016-09-19 23:23

Gotten around to making my own list. All girls are in their early 20s.

A group of girls drink together in a pub. On the way home, one or multiple end up having to use the bushes. I'm especially interested in the dialogue between them as they discuss having to go. One or more girls is playing a video game with rules about drinking. They're only allowed to go to the bathroom when their character reaches one. The game can be LAN multiplayer or co-op. (Mirai Nikki inspired) Omo-diary. A guy has spent years noting down omo things he sees in his phone.

Suddenly, instead of him writing them they appear by themselves, a while before the events take place. A guy and a girl get stuck in an elevator, and the girl has to pee. She admits it at some point, and they discuss having to go bad, people they've seen have to go, etc. (Please no discussion involving characters under the age of 18.) A geeky girl has a crush on a geeky guy. She finds out he's into omo, and decides to use it to seduce him. She comes up with an excuse for them to do something together (e.g. asks him for homework help) and drinks a lot while they're together, intentionally getting desperate and trying to subtly show it off to him. I'm imagining this as cute and heartwarming and endearing. OmoAl, I'll contact you in PM soon (tm) for details, I like your first three ideas.

*006*2016-11-05 23:30

Since I've gotten the ones I promised to do done, I'm willing to trade a bit more. Another few scenarios (old ones still apply):

Shy girl goes to a bar for the first time and gets a little tipsy. Being inexperienced, she doesn't realise how bad she'll have to pee until it's too late. A couple tries out some bondage. The girl doesn't want to say anything about being bursting to pee, and when she finally does, they have some trouble getting her out of it. A club holds a girls-only bladder-buster night, where drinks are free until someone pees.

