Secretly Female

Author: redlaw 

*000*2021-11-05 02:24

Hi everyone, I've been doing some more writing. I've been trying to write for my other story, The Disgraced Knight, but I found that every time I tried to write that, I've instead been coming up with ideas for this one, so I figured I'd make a start here, so that I can get something out. Hopefully, once I've gotten down what I want to here, I'll be able to think about the stuff for The Disgraced Knight and start to advance that one again too. Probably not. 

The plan for this story is to set it up with a few chronological installments to begin with, then after that just write isolated descriptions of notable events. This more free-form structure should allow it to be a sort of dumping ground for ideas that I can't shift or easily write into my other stories. 

World-wise, this story's world shares a fair amount in common with The Disgraced Knight - my modifications to ordinary biology and physics are the same (nobody poops, magic exists, magic affects the urinary system as described a bit later), but the magic of this world is less in-your-face than in The Disgraced Knight, considered a rare myth rather than something everyone can do, and even when the main character gets access to it, it's a minor effect that solves a specific problem, rather than a multitool. 

Anyway, here's the story: 

Secretly Female 

Darkened scenery rolled past the window of the carriage and the Western sky glowed softly with the last embers of daylight. Holly's eyes began to grow heavy as the low rumble of wheels against the road lulled her into a stupor. 

“...for the foreseeable future, you will be living as a man,” her father continued as she drifted in and out of consciousness. “I know it will be hard, but our future rests on your ability to graduate...” 

###

Holly Green is a member of the Green family, a minor house of the nobility of the Kingdom of Flava. She is the only child of the current Green patriarch, Aspen Green and her mother is unable to bear more children. Neither divorce nor adoption are recognised in the Kingdom for heredity purposes. This leaves Aspen little choice to ensure the continuity of his house: Holly must be presented as a male, and live publicly as such for the rest of her life. For the most part, this should not be too difficult – most nobles have plenty of opportunity for privacy, usually only needing to make occasional, carefully planned appearances in public.

However, there is one stumbling block in this otherwise simple conundrum: it is a tradition for all male Flavan nobles to attend Sir Montfort's Academy for The Brave – a male-only military college. It's an old tradition, hearkening back to the time nobles were expected to lead soldiers in battle, but it is still considered important, and particularly so for members of conservative factions such as the Green family. 

Sir Montfort's Academy is heavily regimented; a place where, even for major nobility, the orders of the faculty are law. Students are allowed little freedom or privacy, and are expected to live and work together as if they were soldiers in a unit. The curriculum includes scholarly subjects – language and mathematics, as well as tactics and combat. Students must excel in all aspects in order to graduate, and those who fail are often seen as unfit to succeed their parents. Students are under a lot of pressure, and the grading is competitive, so there is incentive for students to reduce their competition by getting others expelled. 

This is where Holly is headed at this moment. Until now, she's had the freedom to live as a woman, only donning masculine clothing and binding her breasts for short appearances in front of visiting nobles, but now she will need to feign masculinity at all times, for the moment she lets her secret slip, her house will collapse into infighting, and she'll be left destitute as an exile or even slain by a title claimant. 

###

Holly continued to drift in and out of sleep as the carriage approached the capital. Her dreams alternated between happy memories of a peaceful childhood, and anxious nightmares of her possible futures. Her father's voice drifted in and out of her mind; he'd been speaking now non-stop for hours, explaining the same things over and over again. A deep throb swelled in her lower abdomen, causing her to squirm slightly as she slept. 

“Rather late for a new student aren't you? Lessons start tomorrow morning, your son will have no time to get settled.” An unidentified voice cut through the haze. Barely registering the situation, Holly began to drift off again as her father responded: “our journey was long, and we were delayed. It's unfortunate but unavoidable.” 

Next thing she knew, her father was shaking her awake. “We're here sweetie. It's time to go.” 

She lifted herself slowly, still in a stupor, and began stumbling out of the carriage, toward the building ahead, as her father continued: “Don't forget what I've told you: you must make it to graduation, for the sake of all our futures.” He guided the disoriented girl towards her new dorm room. “Your mother and I love you, and we'll see you again at your award ceremony in two years.” Holly staggered into the dorm room, too tired to acknowledge the building sense of pressure in her abdomen as she fell into the empty bed in front of her, falling back to sleep as soon as she slammed onto the tough mattress. In a final act of parenting, her father covered her with the quilt and patted her head, tousling her blonde bob-cut (considered a unisex hairstyle in Flava), before retreating to the carriage, praying silently for his daughter's success... 

###

Holly cradled her crotch in her hands as she sat in a far corner of the classroom, on a bench by the window. She recognised the surroundings as her old school, which she'd attended as a girl by pretending to be the daughter of a nonspecific wealthy merchant. The teacher was droning on about something she already knew, but she couldn't concentrate on the lesson anyway. Looking down, she saw her bladder protruding from her belly unphysically, stretching out the material of the dress that was definitely not her school uniform, and almost making her look pregnant. Something was clearly not right, but she was too desperate to think about anything except finding a toilet. 

At that moment, the bell rang, and the teacher dismissed the class promptly with an “Ah, it seems I rambled somewhat excessively. No matter; class dismissed. Your homework is due tomorrow, I expect you all to hand it in on time.” Forcing herself up, Holly found herself already standing in the hallway. She also found that she'd changed clothes into her school uniform and that her belly was no longer distended. She began to stumble along the hallway, clasping her hands together and pressing them into her lap. 

A sudden spasm forced hot urine into her urethra, and she tripped on her legs as she tried to drop into a squat. She braced for the impact, but as the floor came up to meet her, she found herself standing at the bank of a river which sparkled in the sunlight. The clear blue water was tantalising, and even as she realised she could hear the giggles of her friends playing a short distance away, she was already pulling her tights and panties down, ready to pee. She lifted her skirt, and with her tights and panties at her ankles, clearly in the way, she leant back and began to relax. As a frothing stream burst forth from her tortured sphincter, the dream melted away, and the girl began to wake. 

She started at the sensation of liquid flowing from her sphincter as she realised she was still in bed. Warmth began to blossom in her nethers, creeping slowly outward. Shoving her hands into her dampening crotch, she squeezed tightly, pulling her legs into the foetal position, and quickly managed to stem the flow. Her bladder protested violently at this action, contracting forcefully as she pressed a finger against her sphincter. Opening her eyes, she looked down, lifting her quilt to examine her situation. Her new school-issue olive-green pyjamas (which she vaguely remembered putting on during the carriage ride last night) had a distinct dark patch around where she'd grabbed them with her hands, and a series of rivulets spreading to the left, down toward the bed. Most of the wetness was contained in her clothing; it was clear that she'd begun to pee the moment she awoke and that she'd successfully averted disaster with her quick actions. 

She lowered her quilt and looked around the room. It was a long, narrow structure with roughly twenty beds along its length. The head of each bed was touching one of the walls, and there were large chests at their feet. A narrow corridor between the two rows of beds provided some space to move around. One long side of the room had doors at either end, and the other had narrow windows set high between every other bed. She twisted awkwardly, trying to look to either side of her without jostling her overfull bladder, and found her suitcase, still packed, by her bedside. She wiped her hands on her pyjama jacket before reaching for the bag, and squirmed uncomfortably as she pulled it up onto her bed. Still covering herself with her quilt, she sat up cross-legged on the bed, opening the suitcase and rifling through as she danced around in place, trying to grind her heels against her crotch. 

She pulled out her carefully-folded uniform, which consisted of a white silk shirt and dark grey trousers, with a bright red overcoat and an assortment of belts and sashes. Her uniform had a yellow patch on the upper left pocket, which indicated that Holly was a member of the Ea house – the house named for the goddess of life, knowledge and flowing water. There were three other houses in the Academy: Iu (blue patch), named for the goddess of law and order, Ie (green patch), named for the goddess of negation and opposition, and Uo (black patch), named for the goddess of war and evil. Houses were assigned randomly based on enrolment number, but school legend suggests that the house you were assigned actually described something about your personality or future – members of Ea are studious and friendly, but clumsy and accident-prone, members of Iu are just but inflexible, members of Ie are chaotic and defiant, and members of Uo are strong and successful but mean-spirited and violent.

Administratively, each house was there so that the student body was separated into more manageable sections – each house had its own room in each year group's and course plan's barracks, each house was scheduled for compulsory course lessons together, and each house entered the mess hall at different times and had access to the shower rooms at different times. This more-or-less prevented things like endless dinner queues and congestion in the hallways. 

Fortunately, while the school mandated full uniform be worn in most areas of the school, the barracks and the grass area just outside it was defined as a “Rest and Recreation Area”, which meant that uniform requirements were relaxed and students could wear partial uniform, so Holly didn't have to deal with all the fiddly buckles and paraphernalia of the jacket and sashes, and she could just wear her trousers and shirt while she tried to find a bathroom. She retrieved a pair of thin shorts-style underwear that her father had explained were the sort of thing she should be wearing from now on, and carefully straightened her legs. This position did no favours to her bladder, and a short splash of wetness squirted into her pyjamas, passing straight through the soggy material and frothing between her thighs to make a small yellow circle on her bedsheet. 

She thrust a hand back into her crotch as she carefully laid backward, pulling her quilt up past her shoulders with her other hand. Now fully covered, she bent her knees, pulling her feet up toward her buttocks, and pushed against the mattress with her shoulders and feet, thrusting her lower body into the air. With gravity now aiding her, she felt minor relief from her predicament, but she still couldn't help but rub her knees together as she carefully shimmied down her pyjama trousers. 

Once she'd managed to pull the waistband past her bum, she let herself drop carelessly, and the sudden impact forced a golden arc to spray toward the foot of her bed, wetting the quilt that was tented by her knees. Both hands darted to her crotch and she pulled her chest up toward her legs, lifting the quilt up with her and almost revealing herself to the rousing room as she clenched all muscles available to slow the leak. Her palms filled with warm liquid as urine continued to gurgle into them and splatter onto the sheets. Slowly, the flow slowed to a trickle, and she was able to carefully relax back into a half-laying position, her quilt falling down around her and fully covering her once more as she fully regained control. The liquid pooled by her bum, soaking into the sheets around her, the wetness just reaching, and wetting, the hem of her pyjama shirt. 

She shifted to the side as far as possible, bringing some of her quilt with her, trying to avoid getting the wetness on her fresh clothes, and wiped her hands again on her shirt. Looking around nervously, she passed her underwear under the quilt with caution. Fortunately, no one was paying attention, and she even saw another student who she thought was probably dressing under his quilt just like her. It was a minor relief to find that her “modesty” would not stand out as excessive, and hopefully this would extend to other situations where she'd need to undress. 

She leaned forward slowly, bouncing her legs as her bladder compressed, and hooked her underwear over her feet, sliding them up past her knees as she leaned back once more. Then, she pressed her shoulders into the bed once more to lift her buttocks , and slipped the underwear over their round surface. Rather than leave them where they should be, she took the opportunity to pull the waistband further up her hips, forcing the crotch of the garment to dig in between her legs, and held it there for a moment to provide her with a measure of relief. 

Rolling onto her side and pulling her legs up toward her chest, she undid the buttons of her pyjama shirt one-handed as she squirmed in the foetal position, burying her free hand in her crotch and massaging her sphincter as her swollen bladder continued to spasm. Before shrugging the shirt off, she grabbed an undershirt from her suitcase; one of the ones she'd chosen carefully so that it'd completely and opaquely hide the bandages she wore to compress her breasts, and passed it under the quilt. She straightened her legs somewhat, and then crossed them as she rolled onto her back, removing the hand from her crotch and working her arms free of their sleeves. 

Allowing the shirt to drop from her body, she ducked under the covers and attempted to wriggle into her undershirt. It was a tight fit, and as she twisted her body to try to work her way in, a spasm built in her nethers. She ground a heel into her crotch as her arms found their holes, and squirmed violently as she tried to pull the shirt down while the wave built. She managed to get her head and arms through their respective holes, but the shirt ended up rolled up to her armpits, covering nothing. 

Right now, she couldn't care less. Shoving both hands into her underwear, she pressed directly against her sphincter as her spasm peaked. Her back arched as she used every muscle available to try to keep her urethra closed, but at the peak of the spasm, a high-pressure burst sprayed out past her fingers, shooting down her thigh as most of it failed to absorb into her pants. The spray quickly stemmed as the spasm receded, leaving another wet stain on her sheet, rivulets dripping from her left thigh, and the faintest darkness on the left leg of her underwear. 

She wiped her hands once more on the sheet, leaving wet finger marks, and rolled her bunched up undershirt down to her hips, lifting her body up with one hand to work on the part underneath her. As dressed as she could manage without climbing out of bed, she pushed the suitcase back down to the floor and rolled carefully off the side, ensuring that the quilt remained covering the signs of her eventful awakening. 

As her feet touched the cold tile floor, a shiver ran up her body, and she squirmed on the spot, rubbing her thighs together as her bladder contracted. Snatching her trousers from the bed, she quickly thrust a foot into a leg hole, and pulled the garment around it until she reached the far end. She repeated this with her other foot, and pulled the trousers up in a hurry, grimacing as she forced her legs apart to pull the waistband past her thighs. With her slightly darkened underwear and wet left leg now suitably hidden, she could afford to spend a moment pee dancing subtly as she paced in a circle by her bed. 

After mustering her remaining strength, she took up her shirt and sat carefully on her mattress, quickly buttoning the garment up, wiggling her legs restlessly as she focused. Next, she dropped her shoes onto the floor and slipped her feet into them, eschewing socks for the time being, then brought each foot up in turn, pushing her heels against her vulva as she fastened her laces. Walking on the spot as she zipped her fly half-way, she looked around the room nervously, verifying that no one had begun paying attention to her, before woodenly making her way toward the door on the left side of the room. 

The corridor she found herself in was a little longer, and much narrower, than the room she came from, with barely enough space for three people to stand abreast. A grandiose stone staircase lead downward at the far left end of the room, and a set of wooden double doors with large panes of frosted glass stood at the right, an open one revealing a slice of what looked like an empty common room. The door she came from was marked “Ea” and had a yellow stripe at chest height, and it was opposed by another door marked "Uo", with a black stripe in the same place. A short way to her left was another pair of doors, the abstracted gendered figures on each identifying them as toilets. 

Holly's eyes lit up as she identified the solution to her immediate problem, and she unthinkingly made for the door with the feminine figure, her bladder redoubling its contractions in anticipation of the coming relief. She collapsed onto the handle, pushing forward and down as she stumbled toward relief, crashing against the wood as the door remained resolutely closed. The unexpected impact squeezed a trickle of urine into her underwear, and she thrust a hand into her pocket and lifted a foot, pressing herself against the door as she willed the leak to stop. A thin trail of urine worked its way down her leg, failing to soak into her clothing and reaching all the way down to her shoes, but the accident left nothing visible to casual inspection, and she was soon able to step away from the door and process what just happened. 

“I wouldn't try to get in there,” a voice down the hallway commented matter-of-factly, “apparently on day 1 of intake, it was still unlocked and a pair of guys decided they wanted to investigate. They aren't at this school any more, so I heard.” He finished, disappearing into the bunk room. Remembering her new situation, she mustered her courage and pushed on the other door, opening it easily. Stepping inside, she looked around with naïve hope. Unfortunately, she saw nothing that she could even recognise as a toilet, let alone something that would afford her the privacy that she so desperately needed. Hiding her dismay from the handful of students within, she strode purposefully through the room as she tried to make sense of what she saw. 

Along one side of the room, there were a series of porcelain fittings that she'd never seen before, reminiscent of toilet bowls but somewhat different. They appeared to have a basin with a drain in the center, like a sink, but sat around thigh-height and had a section that reached up the wall to about shoulder height. They were plumbed, with thin metal piping leading to a small nozzle at the top, and the drain leading into a wider pipe at the bottom. The other side of the room had a line of actual sinks, with taps and mirrors like she expected, and there was a large hole in the corner of the room surrounded by a funnel-shaped area of floor, with a tap set above it. One student was stood up against one of the mysterious porcelain devices, and a tantalising trickle sounded from that part of the room. Holly quickly realised he was urinating, and surmised that these devices must be designed for males to urinate into. 

The sound of urination was almost too much for the poor girl to bear, and she stumbled toward one of the sinks as violent spasms rolled through her abdomen. Gripping the porcelain tightly, she squirmed in place, embarrassed at seeing her obvious desperation in the mirror. As she managed to barely settle the raging storm within her loins, the student a few sinks across, one of only two in the room, finished scrubbing his face, and his eyes darted quickly in her direction before turning back to his own mirror. Holly realised as she heard the device behind her flush that she'd need to do something so that it didn't look like she just walked into the room and straight back out, and she tensed herself subtly as she reached toward the sink... 

Rubbing her thighs together and summoning a stream of water from the red-marked tap, she stared at it for a few seconds, ostensibly to wait while it warmed, but really to martial her courage and control, before cupping her hands under it and splashing the water against her face. The effect was immediate – as the water scattered into the sink, a splash of warmth filled her crotch as she micturated forcefully into her underwear. Her water-resistant clothing failed to absorb most of the hissing stream and it shot down her legs, forming conspicuous yellow puddles around her feet. She looked around in a panic as liquid streamed from her urethra, but with the sound of the flushing device and the running taps, no one had yet noticed the sound of her accident.

Conscious of the two students beside her, she resisted the temptation to hold herself and pee dance, and instead stepped hurriedly toward the door, keeping her legs wide apart to try to stop the urine from soaking in. Her urine came out in short bursts, quickly swelling to full-force, before tapering off to a halt. This left a series of puddles in her wake, connected by droplets from her dripping clothes, leading a trail toward the bathroom exit. The two students with her would never find out who it was that dashed out of the bathroom while peeing all over the floor, neither having thought to pay any attention to her while she was there. 

She burst into the empty hallway and fell back against the door, standing stock still as she forced her urethra back under control with strength of will alone. A puddle swelled in the doorway as she slowly attenuated the flow, and the scent of her wee wafted through the room. Her body so desperately longed to continue relieving itself, but she knew she had to find privacy first – a student could walk in on her at any moment from any number of doors, and the two she left in the bathroom would notice her faux-pas momentarily and probably come investigating. She shook each leg as the flow left off, trying to free the remaining droplets before she made her move, then turned toward the staircase, tracking wet footprints a few metres away. 

Her shoes squelched as she walked, and lingering drips found their way to the floor every few steps. The urgency was constant: her bladder throbbed, her sphincter quivered, and she could feel a column of urine sitting in her urethra, ready to shoot out the moment she relaxed. She shoved a hand into her pocket, reaching across toward her crotch, squeezing the fabric of her underpants and causing it to take on water. She no longer cared; she just wanted to find a secluded spot to let it all out. 

Tears filled her eyes as her sphincter failed once more, and a light stream trickled into her clothing, soaking the hand in her pocket and streaming down her legs once more. Pressing her thighs together and bending over, she tried to shut her floodgates once more, but she was well beyond her limit, and the flow continued unabated. Arriving in the ground floor corridor, she dashed blindly through a side door labelled “fire door, do not use”, disappearing from view before any of the queueing green-patched students further up the hallway noticed anything amiss. 

She found herself in an alley that seemed to run around the building, leading to sunlit school grounds on the left, and a darkened path behind the building on the right. She hooked her thumbs through her waistbands as she turned rightward, already pulling down her clothing before she rounded the corner. Her stream began to reinforce as she waddled, bent almost double, toward promised seclusion, causing a torrent of liquid to cascade down her legs, filling her shoes and spilling onto the floor. As she pulled her trousers past her bottom, the stream arced behind her, shooting almost a metre away, scattering as it curved to the ground. Her pee flicked from side to side with each step, leaving a zig-zag trail which lead into the darkness. 

Turning the corner, she found a mercifully empty path, and stumbled along it, struggling to move with her pants halfway down her thighs and urine shooting out behind her. She staggered to a halt after a few metres and relaxed completely, pressing her palms against her knees as she bent further forward. A steaming torrent sprayed into the air, and she smiled blissfully as relief spread through her body. The sensation of her bladder slowly deflating was heavenly, and her cheeks flushed as she started to become aroused. 

The spasms that had been her bane ever since she awoke continued even as she relieved herself, but they took on a new character in light of her arousal and rolled through her body as waves of orgasmic pleasure. She moaned as her pelvic floor contracted rhythmically in ecstasy, causing her gushing jet to vacillate and froth. Its point of impact tracked back and forth along the expansive golden puddle behind her, and moved from side to side too as she squirmed in delight. At the peak of pleasure, her cascade slowed momentarily to a trickle, dribbling into her clothes and down her legs, before shooting out with force once more as she relaxed again. 

Even as the pleasure drained, her relief continued unabated, and from the lingering sensation of fullness in her belly, she wasn't even half done. The capacity for rational thought slowly returned to her over the next few seconds, and her attention immediately turned to her surroundings. She was in a dark corridor between a high brick wall and the stone barracks building that was her new home. Sudden panic filled Holly's consciousness as she realised that the narrow windows of the bunk rooms were overlooking the alley, but there was nothing she could do about that now. It was probably fine – the ones in her bunk room were too high to easily see out of, so looking down through them into the alley was likely out of the question. She just hoped they were sufficiently well soundproofed to dampen her moans. 

Just then, she heard rattling coming from the side-door she'd used a minute or so ago. Gasping quietly, she winced as she tried to taper her stream again, spurting a few times before she managed to maintain her hold. 

“Are you sure we're allowed to come through here? It says 'do not use'.” Voices wafted around the corner as Holly stood, quivering silently, trousers still at mid-thigh with her butt in the air. 

“I'm sure its fine, someone else used it a couple of minutes ago, and people have been going through here since intake started.” Her urethra was still full of liquid, and as her sphincter spasmed, a dribble of pee pattered quietly into her underwear. 

“Man, you can tell that this place is full of nobles, even the back-alleys smell fancy.” A contraction built in Holly's belly as her body demanded that she continue. Steam rose from her dripping vulva, and a chill wind played across the exposed surface. 

“Are you sure that's not just whatever was spilled here? It seems like its coming from these puddles.” She shivered involuntarily, but whether from cold, fear or disgust she didn't know. The idea that she could be discovered was bad enough, if it was because someone liked the smell of her urine enough to investigate it would be just too humiliating to bear. 

“Hmm, I wonder what it is, some sort of perfume? I should find out if it's something I can get hold of, I could give it to my fiancée as a gift.” Pee began to sprinkle into Holly's pants as her control waned. She willed the two students to go on their way and leave her alone before she became audible again. 

“I'm sure if it's perfume, you'll smell it again on one of the students, and you'll be able to ask him where it came from. Now hurry, I want to get to the laundry room before the first bugle sounds and it starts to get busy.” Holly's trickle reinforced involuntarily as the two students made their way down the alley in the other direction, and by the time they'd left to the grounds, a steaming jet was once again arcing powerfully from the girl's nethers. If the pair had been listening carefully enough, they would've heard a pitter-patter noise quickly pick up into an echoing hiss as they left the alleyway, but if they did, neither bothered to investigate. 

A few more minutes passed before Holly's stream finally began to slow, and a veritable lake had expanded behind her, easily reaching her feet and leaving her standing in a golden puddle. The steam produced had left a cloud of humidity expanding through the alleyway, likely carrying the scent of her urine an appreciable distance from the puddle. Though the majority of the stream shot out behind her, the torrent was poorly collimated, and her trousers and underwear were even more sodden now than they'd been when she started. Even the water-resistant fabric that had channelled so much pee straight to the floor was now soaked through, clearly darker between the legs than by the pockets and the outer seams. Her shirt didn't remain unscathed either – it was short enough that it wasn't in the way of the main stream when it shot back behind her, but the haze of droplets surrounding it had sprayed the hem and dyed it a vivid yellow. 

The stream attenuated progressively over the next minute, and Holly was urinating at more ordinary pressures (like those of someone going “just to make sure”) when the door rattled again. This time, she saw no reason to stand there waiting to be discovered; her clothes were in an irreparably disastrous state already, and her situation had grown significantly more conspicuous in the past few minutes with the gigantic puddle and expanding cloud of humidity. Though it went against every instinct she had as a respectable young woman, she pulled up her pants and trousers, still peeing softly into them, and waddled rapidly down the length of the alleyway, darting around the far corner just as she heard a loud “Eeeeeewwwwwwwww! That's disgusting!” from where she was standing before.

The humidity helped her here, as it made it difficult to see her trail leading away at the far end of the puddle, and even then, who would want to tiptoe through a puddle of pee while inhaling pee haze to try to catch someone who was probably long gone anyway? Not anyone who'd just come through that door, at least. She found herself standing in an alcove of sorts – the barracks building was not rectangular, it had a protrusion at one end to house an administrative area, and she was nestled in the corner where the administration area met the main building, invisible to anyone in the alley. 

She leaned against the corner wall, trying to catch her breath as her crotch filled with warmth once more. Closing her eyes, she pretended for a moment that she was climbing into a freshly-drawn bath, and that all her worries would melt away in the warmth of the water, but she couldn't hold on to the image knowing that she was actually just peeing herself like a child. She finished relieving herself with a final few powerful spurts into her underwear, and then, as the wetness in her clothes began to cool, her eyes misted over and she began to sob. It was not only over what had just happened that she cried, but also over anxiety about her future. She'd been at this school for barely 4 hours (she'd arrived well into the morning), and already she'd: 

wet the bed 

urinated accidentally in her pants 

discovered that she can't use the toilets provided in her accommodation (and probably most of the other toilets available to her in the school) 

urinated intentionally in an alleyway 

had someone find her urine pleasant-smelling (she wasn't even sure if this was a bad thing, like, it's better than having someone find it unpleasant, but she'd rather just not have someone in a situation where they can determine how it smells) 

urinated intentionally in her pants 

come within moments of being discovered as a woman at least once 

And this was all with one bladderful of urine. Even though she'd managed to hide herself this time (though the situation was not exactly over just yet), her bladder would refill in a matter of hours, and at the moment, she had no idea what she was going to do about releasing it. Would the entirety of her school life be spent looking for secluded places to relieve herself? Would she go through the next two years uncertain of where her next pee would be? Would she even make it to the end of the day without her sex being revealed, or indeed, just straight-up expelled for public urination? What other difficulties will she encounter over the next few years? How is she supposed to concentrate on schoolwork with all this going on? All these thoughts whirled around in a storm of fear as she wept, curled up in a ball against the stonework. 

A long trumpet from a bugle startled her out of her reverie. It was followed by a series of notes she recognised as a traditional military wake-up call. She had to move. Her uniform was soaked, and she stank of urine. If she didn't do something before someone found her and got close enough to smell or see the dark patch between her legs, then best-case, she'd become a target of ridicule, which could lead to her expulsion later on as she tried to navigate bullying on top of everything else, or worse, she could be expelled straight away for public urination if someone connected her current state to the gigantic pool of urine a short distance down the alleyway. 

Following the wall of the building, she came to an opening that led to the grounds in front of the barracks. She poked her head out, seeing a flat plain of well-kept grass, with hedgerows at the far edges, and a pathway leading to the rest of the campus. Looking toward the barracks entrance, she saw that the decorations included a fountain fed by an open pool of water opposite the main doors. This was her chance. If she could synthesise a reason for falling into the fountain, then thrash around in it for a bit, making it look like she was struggling to find her feet, she could wash away some of the smell and give herself an excuse for her wet uniform. If a teacher or school official found out, she'd likely attract some trouble, and she'd attract attention among the student body for clumsiness and stupidity, but she'd rather that any day than being thought of as a pants-pisser or being expelled. 

Spying a loose rock at her feet, a plan came together. While no one was around, she'd kick the rock about like a ball, ending up kicking it near the fountain, then she'd pretend to trip as she went to boot the rock away, overbalancing and falling into the pool. She'd then thrash around, pretending to slip on the wet surface, making sure she was uniformly soaked, before returning to the barracks dripping wet, where she could change clothes under her towel. She tucked in her shirt in preparation, aware that no quick soaking would be sufficient to un-yellow the hem. 

As she kicked the rock out of the alley, she spied someone walking along the pathway toward the barracks building. It looked like an old man, probably one of the teachers or support staff. Clearly, she was going to get in trouble for this, but there was no other choice. She kicked the rock carefully toward the fountain, making sure it landed close to the edge. She brought her foot up for a big kick, and swung it sideways, intentionally missing the rock and sending herself careening into the water. With an almighty splash, she landed painfully on her knees in the middle of the pool, successfully soaking herself through. 

The man roared “OI! YOU!”, and started running toward the fountain, his face twisting into a snarl as he prepared himself to dispense discipline. As Holly tried to stand, her foot genuinely slipped forward, throwing her off-balance and sending her toppling onto her back. Water soaked through to her skin as she submerged almost completely in the knee-high water. She struggled ineffectively, trying to right herself so she could climb out. A hand appeared in front of her face, and she reached out toward it, allowing herself to be pulled up onto her feet. 

As she clambered onto dry land, the old man started screaming “WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU PLAYING AT?! IT'S DAY ONE AND ALREADY YOU'RE MESSING AROUND IN THE FOUNTAINS, DAMAGING SCHOOL PROPERTY! DO YOU HAVE NO SENSE OF RESPECT?!” He continued on like this for a few minutes, leaving Holly's quiet protests such as “Sorry sir, I tripped” unaddressed, before finishing. “Look, I don't have time to deal with this now, I need to investigate the reports of a giant pool of urine that could only have come from multiple students. This sort of individual misbehaviour isn't worth my time right now. I'm Mr. Dent, come and find me in the Physical Training department after school for the first period of your week of after-school detentions. If I don't see you, I'll come looking and make you wish you'd just turned up.” 

The man ran off toward the alley Holly had come from, leaving her to sort herself out, and also with the realisation that she was not only going to have to hide while she was peeing, but also be careful not to pee too much in one place lest she get caught up in an imaginary conspiracy. It hadn't occurred to her until now, but she remembered learning in her previous school about the differences between male and female urination, and that, for poorly-understood reasons, females produced more urine than males, sometimes by incredible factors such as 10 times. 

[Note to the readers: this is the same phenomenon that has been mentioned a little in my other works and applies to all my works thus far. 

I intend to go through it more in The Disgraced Knight, but in short(ish): males in my worlds are magically insensitive, and magic sensitivity in my worlds comes from subatomic particles that bind to water molecules in your blood, which are then filtered by the kidneys and concentrated in the bladder. Because the kidneys filter such molecules from the blood actively, high concentrations of these particles, such as those in the particularly magically sensitive, produce a powerful diuretic effect. This is balanced somewhat by these particles effects on the physics of the water they are bound to – they make it dramatically more compressible. This means that magically sensitive bladders can hold vast quantities of urine without distending, and also that the magically sensitive don't need to constantly drink to maintain their hydration levels (they just need to drink more whenever they do). 

In the world of The Disgraced Knight, magic is commonplace and this is well-understood (if rarely discussed due to its shameful nature), but in this world, magic is considered mythical and is incredibly rare, so they don't understand the reason behind the phenomenon.] 

She returned meekly to her bunk room, noting that the puddles she'd left earlier had been dispersed by many students' feet, but were ultimately still there, and smelled strongly. She ignored them studiously as she pushed open the door marked “Ea”. The student she almost walked into on the other side greeted her with a “wha-? You look like you lost a fight with a hippo!” referencing her sodden clothes and the torn, bloody fabric at her knees where she landed in the fountain. 

“If I lost a fight with a hippo, I wouldn't be here to dry myself off. I slipped and fell in the fountain out front, and then got slapped with a week's detention for my trouble.” She responded, glad she could still interact normally after all that had happened this morning. 

“Yikes. Well, at least a week's detention isn't so bad, at least. You hear about the pissers? I hear Mr. Dent is on the warpath, wants them all expelled.” 

“Pissers?” Holly asked, feigning curiosity. 

“Apparently a bunch of guys pissed all over the alley at the back of the building. Left a lake so big it had its own weather, they say. Anyway, I'll let you get all dried and stuff.” 

Holding out his hand, he introduced himself: “Dauen, Dauen Gola. Call me Da” 

“Holvar Green, or just Hol”, Holly responded, shaking some of the water off her hands pointedly as she returned to her bed. 

The Golas were a minor noble house from the far south, right on a peaceful border. They were members of a faction that promoted better relations with neighbours, and were not popular among conservatives like the Greens. Defying her family and becoming well acquainted with this guy was probably not a good idea, especially for someone in as precarious a situation as her. 

She retrieved a towel from her suitcase, and wrapped it around her shoulders. Making sure it covered her body fully, she began stripping off underneath. Wet as they were, she had no choice but to remove her chest bindings, leaving her fairly ample bosom difficult to hide, as if she didn't have enough to deal with today. If she could've replaced them there she would've, but she was not yet adept enough at wrapping them that she could do it without being able to see. It should be fine as long as she kept her jacket on and her sashes and belts tight, but it was yet another of the many things that could only go wrong. She stripped off fully under the towel, taking the risk to ensure that she could keep all the stained articles and the bandages hidden by rolling them up in a bundle with the darker trousers and her cleaner undershirt wrapped around them. She shoved the bundle in a spare bag she'd brought for laundry, and began carefully patting herself dry. 

This time, she dressed fully, removing the towel only when she was sure the tight sashes and belts were keeping her chest from protruding. Ea house was late on the breakfast schedule this morning, so she had time to take her dirty clothes, including the pyjamas hidden under her quilt, straight to the laundry room and reserve a washing machine to run while she ate. 

*003*2021-11-19 22:52

I was going to make it so that it ended up being 1 chapter per complete bladder emptying, but this one ended up being too long, so I decided I'd post what I have up to a natural mid-point, then finish the rest of the chapter later. I also have a schedule document (open office spreadsheet) I've written, which I figure I'll attach here in case anyone wants to see it, but bear in mind it tells you a bit about what will happen the rest of the day, so it includes spoilers of a sort. You should find it at the bottom of the comment. 

Chapter 2 

The food in the Academy was odd fare – it was clearly intended to mimic military food, with its blandness and awkward texture, but as fit a school for nobility, no expense was spared on the ingredients or the chefs. The end result was that it was relatively unremarkable in flavour, as incredibly well-made bland food. Frankly, Holly had more important things to worry about than the quality of her meals. She tore off chunks of flatbread hurriedly, washing it down with gulps of black tea. She'd wasted too much time queueing for her meal, and her clothing was going to be sitting in the washing machine. She couldn't afford to have someone try to empty out her washing machine to use it themselves. At the very least, they'd find her chest binding, which, ambiguous though it was, was evidence that she couldn't afford to share, and additionally, if the stains had not faded fully from her underwear or pyjamas, they could find out about her morning accident. 

Throwing the last piece of bread into her mouth and draining her mug, she rose quickly, breakfast tray in hand. As she turned outward, the tray slammed into the abdomen of a tall, black-haired student walking past, clattering loudly to the floor. He turned to face her, revealing the black patch on his uniform, a look of fury on his face as he looked down at her. The two by his flanks immediately moved to surround her, and she found herself trapped between the table and three bulky second-years. “S- sorry”, she muttered to the floor, trying not to look him in the eye. 

“OI, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING? YOU LOOKING FOR A FIGHT?” the boy shouted, advancing toward her and stretching a hand out past her to lean against the table. Holly cowered away from his reach, falling back into her chair as she found no space to retreat. 

“WELL? YOU DAFT OR SOMETHING?” Hands clenched in her lap, she again muttered quietly to the floor “I- I'm sorry, i- it was an a- accident.” 

“WHAT WAS THAT? SPEAK UP.” 

“I'm sorry, it was an a- accident!” she squeaked forcefully, tear-streaked eyes still fixed on the floor. 

“An accident huh? Well, when something like this happens, you need to make amends... I'm suddenly feeling mighty thirsty, why don't you go get me something hot to drink, and I'll forget this ever happened.” He stepped back, and Holly took the opportunity to escape, gathering up the items she dropped and running toward the cafeteria counter. She placed her tray on the trolley provided, and purchased a coffee from the woman on the counter, conscious of three pairs of eyes following her closely. Taking the coffee, she returned to the table she'd eaten at, and the snickering trio who now inhabited it. As she passed the seat of one of the lackeys, she tripped on what could only have been his intentionally-placed foot, splashing the coffee over her jacket and toppling to the floor. 

“WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING? HOW ARE YOU THAT CLUMSY?” The leader exclaimed in mock surprise. “Ugh, how pitiful. I'm no longer thirsty, go away. Next time something like this happens, you'll regret it.” 

Holly nodded animatedly and ran out of the mess hall, leaving tears and coffee in her wake. Slowing as she left the hall, she walked dejectedly toward the door with the abstractly-masculine symbol that marked the mess toilets. She looked around as she entered, noting through tears the lack of cubicles or any meaningful form of privacy here too. These toilets had some sort of separator between the mysterious urination devices, but they weren't enough to cover anything important. Maybe they'd give her an opportunity to hide herself before someone entered if she were to try to use those devices when the room was completely empty, but that was not the sort of risk she wanted to have to plan for. 

She filled her hands with paper towels from the dispenser on the wall, and set to work dabbing at the coffee stain on her front. The red colour of the coat was fairly resistant to staining, and she was able to hide the damage there fairly effectively. The white sashes, on the other hand, were ruined. She'd need to replace them soon, but it probably wasn't so urgent that she'd need to deal with it right now. Satisfied at the dryness of her uniform, she wiped her eyes with a sleeve and gazed longingly at the porcelain toilet-things, a slight sensation of pressure already beginning to build in her lower abdomen, barely an hour after she'd last urinated. 

Her bladder filling with this sort of speed was something that she was used to, but only now did she realise how much extra inconvenience would be added by her high urinary frequency. She wished she could be like one of those people who only went once per day – then all she'd need to do is wake up in the middle of the night and it should be easy for her to find a private place to go. Looking back, she realised she was more the sort of person who went once per breaktime – whenever there was a gap of appreciable length between lessons in school, she'd be searching for a toilet, often with haste. The prospect of having to hold it for an unknown length of time caused her a great deal of trepidation. Sighing, she hurried out of the room, anxious to retrieve her washing before it fell into the hands of an outsider. 

Mercifully, Holly found her washing machine uncontested – given that school was going to start in another 15 minutes, this was not that surprising, but some students were likely prepared to leave their washing in the machine until they were free to retrieve it during morning breaktime, so it wasn't a given that it'd be safe. Pulling it out, she surreptitiously checked her articles for cleanliness. The trousers and pyjamas were fine, Holly couldn't detect any pee smell on them and they were too dark to easily stain, and her binding never got dirty in the first place, it just went in with all her other clothing because it was wet from the fountain, so it was fine too. Her underwear and shirt, on the other hand, were still visibly stained, and would need to be replaced. It was no surprise, but Holly had hoped that they might still be salvageable. 

It wasn't worth trying to dry things that she couldn't wear anyway, so she stuffed them in her laundry bag to dispose of later. She'd need to buy some sort of simple sack from the school store later so she could throw them away without revealing their nature. If there was one thing she had on her side, it was that she had plenty of money to buy new uniforms and tools for deceit if she needed to. It wasn't on her person, of course; allowing students to carry nobility-level amounts of money around would be a recipe for serious problems with thievery, but the school quartermaster had an account for every student that they could withdraw from (as promissory notes) for use in campus shops to buy school essentials. 

She threw her trousers, pyjamas and binding into a tumble dryer and turned it on, resolving to retrieve the bandage on her way to lessons – it was thin and light and would dry relatively quickly. Returning to the barracks building next door, she looked at the timetable that was buried in her suitcase. It was now 07:15, about an hour and a quarter after the wake-up bugle at 06:00. School began with attendance, inspection and assembly (AIA) at 07:30, then lessons proper began at 08:00, with two 45-minute periods, a 15-minute break and then another three 45-minute periods before an hour of lunch at 12:00, then another three 45-minute periods with an extra 15-minute period between the final two, for an end of standard lessons at 15:30. 

From 15:30 to 18:00 was free time, where some students took remedial lessons or participated in club activities. Of course, Holly would be stuck in detention for some of this time on her first week, after the morning's events. 18:00 to 20:00 was when dinner was available from the mess hall, and then there was a final 2-hour free period from 20:00 to 22:00 before lights-out. The timetable also had the shower schedule, telling students when they'd be allowed to use the shower area. This morning, she'd already seen the queue of the green-patched Ie students, who were first, waiting for the shower room when she'd run out into the alley. They got a 90-minute period from 06:00 to 07:30, then all of lunchtime, from 12:00 to 13:00, and everyone else got 2-hour periods: Iu from 16:00 to 18:00, Uo from 18:00 to 20:00 and Ea from 20:00 to 22:00. 

Today, Holly's first lesson would be a double period of drill, which, as a special case, had been rolled into AIA for the first lesson of the school year, and then a double period of History and a single period of Mathematics to finish off the morning. Her afternoon consisted entirely of physical training, separated into two periods of endurance training and one period of combat training, with a 15 minute recuperation period in between. It occurred to her that she might have an issue with the afternoon training without her chest binding, both when getting changed and running around, but worst-case, she could find somewhere out-of-the-way during lunchtime to reapply it, so she wasn't too worried. Her bladder made itself known as she jumped up from her bed, reminding her that she had another problem that wasn't going to be so easy to solve as she headed for the laundry room to retrieve her binding before getting to the main building ready for her 7:30 start. 

---- 

A big sign saying “new students” was visible near the entrance to the main building, with an arrow that pointed to a large quadrangle that was accessible by passing under a bridge-like section of the building which connected the two major wings. Students were already lined up in that area when Holly arrived, and she followed the signage to find four rows of students. A smaller note on the side indicated that they should form lines according to their house and wait for further instructions. She fell in at the end of the Ea line, behind a brown-haired student with spectacles whom she recognised vaguely from the bunk room. The line quickly filled behind her as students hurried to make it before the first bell. A red-faced man glared at the tetrad of lines, his expression locked into a grimace of what looked like pure rage. 

A bell rang from inside the building, echoing dully across the quadrangle. “ALL STUDENTS, TURN TO FACE!” the man yelled, louder than Holly thought was possible. All four lines turned in incidental unison, no one really sure what the man wanted them to do, but all compelled to look toward this deafening declaration nonetheless. They were now all facing perpendicular to the direction of their line, toward a set of flagstone stairs the man was stood atop. “Now, the first thing that will happen each day is attendance, inspection and assembly. You will stand at attention, in alphabetical order, and your class tutor will mark you present on the register and inspect your uniform to ensure you're properly dressed. PENALTIES WILL BE APPLIED IF YOU FAIL TO DRESS AS BEFITTING A STUDENT OF THIS ACADEMY.” Holly shifted her weight subtly as the man shouted. 

She was nowhere near desperate just yet, but was acutely aware of the tension growing in her loins. At this point, she'd usually be looking for a good opportunity to excuse herself and pop to the ladies, if only one were available for her use. The man continued on describing the school's expectations for student behaviour and appearance, and describing some of the punishments for failing to meet them. One thing that stood out as something that she absolutely could not afford was whipping: it was only used in the most severe disciplinary cases, to the point that there were some years that no student behaved poorly enough for it, but as it involved being stripped to your underwear before being publicly lashed, it would mean instant discovery and expulsion for Holly, with her unmistakeable breasts. 

Continuing with his speech, he moved on to the next section of the introductory lesson: “Before we do anything else, I will assign class corporals. The corporal's duties are to lead the class in drill exercises at the behest of the class tutor, to perform a variety of administrative duties to assist class tutors in their class management, to act as an example to their class on how to properly behave as a student, and as a point of responsibility for the class as a whole. Corporals will always stand at the head of the class during drill exercises, regardless of where they appear in the attendance order. If I call your name, move to the yellow line on your right, just behind the current line for your class, and the rest of the students will be lined up after you in registration order. ALRED VERDIS, SAMUEL SMITH, HOLVAR GREEN, GEROLT TANNAN.” 

Holly started as her official name was called, and stumbled toward the indicated line. Additional responsibilities were not the sort of thing she was well-equipped to handle. They drew scrutiny to her and took up some of the time she'd be wanting to use to address her... various issues. Her chest heaved as she began to panic. What if the additional scrutiny of her uniform revealed her bindings or (on a day like today) her breasts? What if it forced her into a spot, trying to lead the class when she'd failed to find somewhere to pee? What if her duties prevented her from looking for somewhere private to relieve herself? What if her apparent position of importance attracted negative attention from her classmates that culminated in someone seeing something they shouldn't? 

“CLASS TUTORS, ASSEMBLE!” a loud shout tore through her anxiety as she reached the end of her line. A trio of other teachers appeared from a side-door. The first was a short, overweight man with a squashed face and a swagger, who approached the Ie line at the front, glaring at the corporal. Next, Holly was surprised to see a pretty redheaded woman. Clattering about in plate armour, instead of the blue uniform worn by the others, she walked up to the Iu corporal and greeted him warmly, bending toward him and clasping his hand in both of hers as he turned red. The angry man standing at the front joined the procession at this point, and to Holly's despair, marched straight up to her, looking down his nose as she cowered unconsciously. A tall, dark haired man with a pale complexion brought up the rear, and limped over to the Uo corporal, heavily favouring his left side. 

The man standing before her held out a hand, and gave her a strong handshake. “Sergeant Ira, I look forward to working with you, corporal.” he announced woodenly, only slightly above normal conversation volume. He held out a clipboard with an attendance table. “This is your class attendance form. Each day, you will accompany me down the line as I conduct inspection, introduce me by the student's rank and surname, and mark them present. For the first week, I will have them identify themselves for you, but by week two, you should know them all by name. For now,” his voice increased in volume to carry down the line, “read off the names in order, skipping over your own. Students, when your name is called, fall in behind Corporal Green here and face the wall to form a new line in registration order. For every subsequent attendance, inspection and assembly, you'll fall in in this order straight away, so remember what your neighbours look like.” 

Holly began calling out the names on her list as loudly as she could manage, giving each student time to fall in before continuing. She squirmed slightly as the exertion of her diaphragm disturbed her bladder and caused it to pang uncomfortably. “Right,” the sergeant began as the last student fell in, “now to stand at attention, you stand straight with your legs and heels together, with your feet out at a slight angle, and your arms pointing straight down your sides. Your hands should be clenched lightly, with your thumbs pointing straight down to the floor. Corporal, it is your duty to call the class to attention. Loudly and clearly call out 'AT-TENTION!' and then you should all stand straight at attention as one.” 

“AT-TENTION!” she called out as instructed, bringing her feet together and standing straight, hearing a series of not-quite-simultaneous thumps as the rest of the class did the same. 

The man before her sighed loudly, muttering “close enough for now”. 

“Alright,” he continued, “next, I'll want you all to turn to the left, again on your corporal's instruction. You'll do this by turning on the heel of your left foot and the ball of your right, then once you've turned ninety degrees, you'll return to attention by bringing your right foot back in. Corporal, the command is 'left turn', now go ahead.” 

“LE- EFT TURN” Holly shouted, her voice cracking slightly, unused as she was to being so loud. She then spun on her heel, turning back toward where the man stood a few minutes ago. The rest of the line turned with her, a few students stumbling as they failed to balance during the manoeuvre. The sergeant momentarily brought a hand up to his face, rubbing the bridge of his nose, before sighing and continuing:

“Here begins the 'inspection' part of Attendance, Inspection and Assembly. I will go down the line, inspecting each of you in turn, judging whether or not you're wearing your uniform correctly and correcting your attention posture. For the first week, I'll be lenient on uniform and posture issues and simply correct any errors and offer advice, but after that, punishments will be meted out for those who wear their uniform incorrectly or fail to stand at proper attention. Corporal, as I mentioned before, you will accompany me down the line, identifying each student to me in turn and marking them present on your attendance sheet. But first, I'll start with your inspection.” 

He began to look her over, starting at the head and working his way down. He pulled at the sash slung over her right shoulder. “This is very tight, more so than it needs to be, but that's not a problem as long as it doesn't make you faint.” He cast his gaze across, and Holly's chest contracted in fear as she realised he was looking around her breast area. She squeezed her thighs together as her urethra filled with urine, barely preventing herself from having an accident then and there. “Shirt is well ironed and form-fitting” he muttered to himself before addressing her: “Everything alright corporal? You've gone white.” 

“Ah- I- I'm fine” she squeaked in reply as she rhythmically tensed her pelvic floor muscles to try to pull the urine back into her bladder. 

“I'm fine, sir” he corrected as he continued the inspection. 

“CORPORAL!” He barked moments later. A short stream of liquid spurted into the girl's underwear as she jolted in fright, still not quite recovered from before. She lifted up a leg involuntarily and shifted to the side, quickly stemming the flow. “WHY IS YOUR SASH BROWN?” He continued, glaring at the coffee stain she'd acquired that morning. 

“I- ah- I'm... sorry sir, I spilled coffee on it this morning and haven't had a chance to change yet.” He looked back up toward her face and sighed emphatically. Holly tried not to wince as the strong smell of garlic assaulted her nose. “Today only, I'll let this slide. I recommend, and this goes for all of you,” he raised his voice to address the whole line, “I recommend that you keep a second uniform somewhere easily accessible, so that in the event of a spillage or other such event, you can switch dirty pieces out immediately, so you don't get punished for it.” Focusing again on her, he finished “You have a spare, I hope?” 

“Yes, sir!” 

“I'll dismiss you after inspection, and you are to go straight to your dorm room to replace it. Don't try to do anything else, I will know.” 

He continued the inspection, tugging on her belts and trousers, checking they were tight enough, checking that her shirt was tucked in and various other things. When he got down to her shoes, he called out once more “CORPORAL! THESE SHOES ARE TIED WRONG. You've used a granny knot instead of a reef knot to secure the bow. This causes the bow to lie vertically instead of horizontally, and makes them more difficult to undo intentionally, but likely to undo during normal motion. You should tie the second knot in the opposite direction to the first. We will cover this fully later in the period. Make sure they're tied properly in the future.” 

He moved on to the next student, and Holly came out of the file as instructed to follow him along the line as he carefully examined each student's uniform over the next hour. After the first 15 minutes or so, the strain of standing at constant attention was clearly beginning to get to the students, and most of them had relaxed into a less strict pose. Sgt. Ira pretended not to notice, just this once – inspection usually doesn't take such a long time, but the first time always draws out, and it was unreasonable to have students standing at attention for extended periods like this.

As long as they returned to attention when he reached them, he was prepared to let it be. Beside him, Holly had begun squirming surreptitiously, rubbing her thighs together at regular intervals as her bladder surged uncomfortably. She was at the point where she'd usually be trying to get herself excused from class, but even if she thought she might be allowed out here, she wasn't prepared to draw that amount of attention to herself in her current situation. There were about 45 minutes left of the lesson, and then she'd have 15 minutes to before the next period to try to do something about her predicament. Though she was confident she could hold it that long, 15 minutes was not a long time to have to find somewhere, especially when her full bladder could take more than 5 minutes to empty. 

The man finished berating the final student for the same shoelace issue that he'd raised with literally every student in the line, and turned to his corporal, who straightened up, trying not to look like she needed the toilet. “Okay everyone, now the corporal will have you all stand at ease. This means you move your feet to shoulder-width apart, and you can relax your upper body and bend your legs a bit. It does not mean you're free to do whatever you want; you should still maintain the shoulder-width pose and keep facing in the same direction. Now, corporal, if you will, repeat after me: Stand At Ease!” 

“STAND AT EASE!” Holly echoed, no louder but clearly putting more effort into the command. 

“Okay corporal, you are dismissed to replace your sash. Now get to it. I want to see you back here ASAP. These idiots won't manage themselves.” 

“Y- yes sir!” she replied, breaking into a jog. 

The exertion jostled her bladder, but she gritted her teeth and held on as she covered the short distance to the barracks quickly. She immediately ran to her dorm room and fished her spare sash out of her suitcase. Tearing the other one off without properly unstrapping it, she threw the new one around her and began fiddling with the straps as she walked out the door. A spasm rolled through her as she passed the barracks toilets, and she gazed longingly at the doorway as she gave her crotch a reassuring squeeze. Looking around at the empty hallway, it dawned on her that this was her chance. Everyone was in lessons and she was completely alone in the barracks. If she were to use the bathroom now, no one was there to walk in on her and she could pee freely in peace. She wasn't blessed with a surplus of time, but maybe she could convince Sgt. Ira that she couldn't find her sash. 

Resolved, she darted through the waiting door, already unzipping her trousers. Urine surged unbidden into her urethra even as she paused at the sight of the mysterious porcelain fixtures. She didn't have time to work those out now, so she stumbled toward the hole with the funnel-shaped floor area. Backing up directly over the hole, she squatted down above it, pulling her trousers and underwear down in one motion. A golden jet sprayed out immediately from her hairless vulva, gurgling straight into the hole that apparently had a pool of water a short way down. She sighed loudly as her bladder began to deflate, its echoes joining the cacophony of splashing noises coming from below her. 

Just as she'd begun to relax into her relief, a clattering noise came from the other side of the door. She clenched tightly in a panic, already rising to her feet and pulling up her trousers as her stream slowed. A man backed into the room pulling a cart as she pulled her waistband up as far as she could, forcing her underwear against her still-dribbling sphincter, slowly closing off the flow. Rivulets ran down her legs as the urine failed to absorb into her water-resistant garments, so she rubbed her thighs together, smearing the droplets into a film and halting their progress. A smattering of droplets sat at the lip of the hole she'd just peed into, so she used a foot to spread them out, trying to hide their recency. She did not think this hole was meant for urination, given the presence of the fixtures beside it, and hence, making it look like she used those fixtures like an ordinary male was an important deception. 

She waddled hurriedly toward the sink as the man manoeuvred his cart through the doorway, acutely conscious of the liquid waiting just behind her sphincter. Falling against the basin, she pressed her weight against it as she tried to squeeze her urethra closed, slowly forcing the urine back into her bladder. “Huh? Shouldn't you be in lessons?” He asked as he turned toward her, watching as she tried to stop herself from squirming too much. “I- I- was sent back to change my sash.” Holly responded haltingly, reaching for a tap to wash her hands. 

“Whatever, it's not my problem if you get punished. Hurry along now so I can get to work.” He turned back toward the cart, mixing some chemicals into a bucket. 

Holly gave her crotch a surreptitious squeeze and turned on the tap. Water gurgled out loudly, and she shoved her hands into the stream, lifting a foot up and biting her lip as her bladder redoubled its complaints. As she danced over to the paper towel dispenser and dried her hands, her bladder began to settle, seemingly accepting that that was all the relief it was getting for the moment, and her need reduced to a dull throb above her groin. She hurried back to the quadrangle feeling somewhat less desperate than when she'd left, getting her excuses ready as she fell back in. 

Holly Schedule.ods

*006*2021-11-20 21:05

{{11 minutes ago, orangelion said: 

I also have 2 question. How come she doesn't have any pubic hair? And how will she shower if there is only a span of 2 hours when her house can use it and I imagine there will be boys using it almost the entire time? 

}}

So on the topic of the first question, I've actually decided that this world is going to be the world from my other series in the future, which means a lot of the same rules will carry over. In particular, it mentions in Princess Lily's Desperate Morning that most of the people in the world have some elven ancestry, which results in various minor physiological differences. In Holly, these manifest as a complete absence of body hair and a high sensitivity to magic (which will come in a bit later in the story). That's the in-universe explanation. The real-world explanation is simply that I wanted it to be like that so I came up with a reason for it. 

Regarding the second question, showering will be covered fully in chapter 5, but the important point is that the showers have cubicles, so she will actually have some privacy there. That's why I made it so that she'll only have access to them for a short while. 

*008*2021-11-20 22:47

{{57 minutes ago, orangelion said: 

If people don't poop in this universe, do they still have an anus? 

}}

I want to avoid this topic as much as possible, that's why I made them like that, so I'll just say this: if they eat something completely indigestible, like a rock, it will still be able to find its way out. 

*012*2021-11-26 09:47

{{On 11/25/2021 at 12:15 AM, bibibibi said: 

Will she eventually use a urinal? 

}}

She'll get there eventually. It may take a while for me to actually write that far - according to the schedule, it won't be until chapter 5 - and I've been getting more busy recently, so my writing rate has slowed again. 
