Desperate to Break the Cycle - A Re:Zero Story ft. Ram

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2025-05-10 17:37

AN/Update, feel free to skip: So, it's been far too long since I posted anything, and there are a number of personal reasons for that, the biggest one was health, but I'm back, I'm better now, and I'm gonna be doing my best to keep up with posting more regularly! I mostly write comms nowadays (I have a separate thread and my DMs are open if you're interested!) But I do want to go back to slipping in some original works when I get the chance. I also want to try not to post in batches and keep up with posting as I finish them more frequently, but I do have a backlog, so today it's a backlog batch post, sorry!

Synopsis of this one is that Ram is stuck in a desperate carriage ride, but each time she goes off to use the bathroom, Subaru's immediately killed and reset. WARNING! THERE ARE DESCRIPTIONS OF DEATH AND GRAPHIC VIOLENCE IN THIS STORY. Though if you are at all familiar with Re:Zero that should not surprise you given Subaru's curse.

Desperate to Break the Cycle

Subaru stirred as he felt the side-to-side shaking and occasional rough bumps from the carriage. He winced as a particularly rough bump hit his arm. He and Ram had just gotten into a rather rough battle, and they were currently on their way back to a forward base camp established and maintained by the Emilia-Crusch alliance. Subaru had won, just barely, and while he had been healed afterwards and was bandaged up, he was still sore and could do with some proper bed rest.

Not to mention he had gone through quite a few loops, and really just wanted to sleep things off. Perhaps that was why he was able to fall asleep in the dragon carriage, no matter how uncomfortable and bumpy the ride was.

Subaru looked across from him at Ram, who was sitting stoically with her arms and legs crossed. If she had noticed Subaru wincing in pain, or was worried at all about his injuries, she certainly didn’t show it.

“Ah, you’re up,” was all she said, “I can’t believe you can fall asleep so casually on one of these things.”

The cart hit another bump and Ram stiffened up, frowning slightly as she was jostled around.

“I guess I was just tired,” Subaru scratched the back of his head.

“So carefree,” Ram sighed.

The two fell into silence as Subaru looked out the window, trying to gauge where they were in relation to the base camp. It was no use, however. He couldn’t recognize anything outside except for the dense trees that lined the path.

“Say, how much longer do we have to go?” Subaru asked Ram.

“When I asked the coach last time, he said we were over halfway there. That was a while before you woke up, though,” Ram answered, “Hopefully we’re almost there.”

She glanced out the window, and it certainly seemed like there was an impatience in her voice. Subaru could understand wanting to get back too. He was eager to see Emilia again, and wanted to report how the battle went. He was satisfied his latest plan had worked, even though it had taken some painful trial and error first.

Subaru found his attention drifting out the window, first to the forest around them, but then to the clouds above. It was a bright, sunny day without a stormcloud in sight. He was always a bit on-edge when they traveled due to his tendency to attract the demon beasts, but it really did seem like the coast was clear today.

As the carriage ride continued, however, his attention kept drifting back inside to Ram. She seemed more on edge than usual. She was restless, tapping her foot on the floor of the carriage, and occasionally crossing and uncrossing her legs as she sat. Subaru wondered about asking what was wrong, but if Ram was already in a bad mood, the last thing he wanted to do was touch a nerve.

Suddenly, the carriage ran over another bump, and Ram let out a small grunt. Subaru concluded that Ram must just be annoyed by the particularly rough ride and turned his attention back out the window. Or at least, he tried to. Yet Subaru couldn’t help but notice Ram moving around more and more. At first it was just more of the foot-tapping, but it soon turned to shuffling, then rubbing her legs. She crossed and uncrossed her legs again and leaned forwards, then back as though trying to get into a comfortable position.

Subaru then realized it had been quite some time since they had stopped, at least since before he fell asleep. He didn’t recall Ram slipping off into the woods back then, even though Subaru himself had made sure to go. That meant she hadn’t used the bathroom since their carriage ride had begun. She definitely looked like she needed to go now.

“Say, Ram,” Subaru scratched the back of his head, “I know you said we should be there soon, but we can always have the carriage pull over if you need it.”

Ram glanced up, stiffening up and halting her squirming immediately, “W-why would I need us to stop?”

“Well, uh,” Subaru scratched his cheek awkwardly, “It just looks like you need to go to the bathroom.”

Ram blushed and crossed her arms, but noticeably squeezed her thighs together, “N-nonsense, I’m fine until we get back to camp. Don’t make such crude assumptions, Barasu.”

“S-sorry,” Subaru looked down.

Yet despite Ram’s insistence that she was fine, it was clear as the ride continued that her need was worse than she was letting on. Despite the fact that Subaru had picked up on her squirming, and she was making a concerted effort not to make her needs too obvious, she really couldn’t sit still, constantly rubbing and pressing her thighs together. She was also clutching at her skirt, resisting the urge to grab herself or nurse her full bladder.

The rough ride certainly wasn’t helping either, with each bump over a rough surface causing her to wince and grit her teeth as the sharp jolt went straight through her abdomen. It was clear she was struggling, and worse still, Subaru kept glancing over at her with a concerned look on his face, which only made Ram more embarrassed at the position she was in.

Minute by minute, she begged for the carriage to crest over a hill or round a corner and for the base camp to come into view, but as time dragged on, Ram was beginning to worry that they were farther away from camp than she could take it.

They ran over another rough patch of road which shook the carriage, and Ram felt her let out a small leak into her panties. With her maid outfit, she wasn’t worried at all about it soaking through and leaving a visible wet spot, but it was a sign that she was fighting a losing battle.

“H-hey, rider,” she called out, opening the front curtain to the driver of the carriage, “Stop the cart for a minute. I think I sense something.”

“Got it,” the driver nodded, pulling the carriage to a stop and pulling off to the side of the path.

“Sense something? Like an enemy?” Subaru looked up.

“Something like that. It’s probably nothing, but I’m going to check it out,” Ram replied.

“I’ll come with you, then,” Subaru offered, only to be met with a sharp glare by Ram.

“Stay here, I’ll go alone.”

Before Subaru could protest, he noticed Ram’s barely-hidden shuffling as she practically danced in place, and Subaru caught on to why she really pulled the carriage over. Subaru nodded, and Ram immediately jumped out of the carriage.

As soon as she was out of sight of Subaru and the driver, she jammed both hands between her legs and rushed off into the forest to find a suitable place to relieve herself. Running had been a bad idea, and Ram felt herself leak into her panties again. Still, that hardly mattered now. She was already in the woods, and just needed to find a secluded space to squat.

Thankfully, Ram found one relatively quickly, with a few bushes that would cover her, and she danced in place as she shuffled around with her bottoms. The problem with wearing such a complicated maid outfit meant that her much-needed relief was denied all the longer as she struggled to get her leggings and petticoat out of the way before finally tearing her panties down and squatting to pee.

Almost immediately, her stream sprayed out hard enough to strike the roots of the tree in front of her, quickly pooling on the ground far faster than it could soak into the dirt. It foamed and pattered loudly as Ram peed at full force, throwing her head back and allowing herself a relieved sigh in privacy.

Back at the carriage, Subaru was waiting patiently for Ram to finish up and return. He was glad that the poor girl had finally given in and asked for the carriage to be pulled over, as he could tell how much she was struggling. He had even begun worrying if she would make it back to the base camp or not if she had decided to keep holding it.

Actually, I wonder, how much further do we have to go?

Subaru opened the curtain to ask the driver, and froze as his eyes widened in horror. The driver was slumped over at the front of the carriage, blood dripping down his back. He hadn’t even let out a cry from being attacked.

“H-hey!” Subaru cried out, reaching for the man’s shoulder. As he did, the man slumped over, and Subaru only just realized his head had been severed from his body.

“AAah!”

Subaru recoiled, falling back in the carriage, and as he did he felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. He got the distinct impression he was being watched. No, it was worse, there was the presence of someone in the carriage with him. It felt like they were right behind him, hovering there and waiting for him to turn around.

Subaru turned his head to try to catch a glimpse of whoever was behind him, but in an instant he felt a sharp pain shoot through his body. He looked down, and a blade had been run through his chest, right at his heart. Subaru opened his mouth to scream, but then he felt another blade at his neck.

The last thing Subaru saw was the whole world spinning as his head fell from his shoulders and rolled onto the carriage floor before the world went black.

###

“AAAAHHHHH!”

Subaru jolted awake, clutching his chest as the familiar sensation of Return by Death clutched at his body and returned him to a setpoint. He looked around to gain his bearings and saw that he was in the carriage, Ram giving him a concerned look across from him as they made their way back down the road.

“What’s wrong?” Ram asked.

“N-nothing, I guess the rough ride jolted me awake,” Subaru replied. He knew far too well trying to explain his curse was less than useless.

However, that now left the matter of figuring out what had happened. Clearly he had been attacked by someone, but how, and from where? Subaru looked out the back of the carriage to ensure they weren’t being followed. The coast was clear. Did that mean the person was tracking them some other way? The sky was clear, so the idea that they were being followed from the sky somehow didn’t make sense. There was also nowhere to hide in the carriage, meaning whoever had attacked Subaru was either tracking them through the woods, or had been waiting to ambush them.

No, it couldn’t have been an ambush. Ram had us stop because she needed to pee. It was an unplanned stop. So they’re tracking us somehow.

Subaru narrowed his eyes into the woods, trying to see if he could catch the sight of anything suspicious, but the tree cover was dense and they were moving too fast for him to tell.

“Hey, Ram, can you sense anything suspicious?” Subaru asked, looking across to Ram.

Ram looked up, clearly surprised, “Suspicious?”

“Like, I dunno, I just get the feeling we might be being tracked,” Subaru scratched his head.

Ram looked at him inquisitively, but she nevertheless closed her eyes and began magically scanning around them. After a few minutes, she opened her eyes and shook her head.

“I can’t sense anything suspicious, other than you, Barasu.”

Subaru brushed off the insult and glanced back behind them, “Alright.”

Yet despite his words, he was still nervous. Why had he been attacked, then? Was it really a coincidence, or was it really an ambush? Maybe someone knew their planned route, and Ram just so happened to stop the carriage right when they were going to get attacked anyway. That seemed unlikely, but if Ram couldn’t sense anything and they clearly weren’t being followed, then an ambush was the most likely scenario.

As Subaru wracked his brain, he started noticing Ram squirming again. That was right. Everything was reset, so she had to pee again. This time, however, Subaru knew better than to bring it up.

Actually, come to think of it, I was attacked the second Ram left the carriage. Maybe the attacker is someone who isn’t confident fighting Ram head-on. If I can keep her from leaving, I should be safe, at least until we get to camp.

Subaru frowned as he looked over at Ram, who was rubbing her knees together in need. It was a simple, yet solid plan. However it did mean that, rather than encouraging Ram to have the carriage pull over, he would have to keep her from relief instead.

Subaru felt a little bad, but as long as Ram could hold it until they properly made it to camp, Subaru hoped it would be fine. Unlike last time, he also opted not to bring up her discomfort, and tried his best to pretend not to notice.

At first it wasn’t that hard. Ram was trying to be as subtle as she could, and for a good portion of the ride, she really just looked restless. In addition, Subaru’s mind was more on his random attacker. They had struck the carriage so quickly, without making so much as a noise. Clearly they were a skilled assassin, and had dispatched Subaru before he could even figure out who they were or why they wanted him dead.

However, as the journey progressed, much like last time Ram’s unrest quickly escalated. She started squirming around more, fiddling with her skirt as she rubbed her legs together. She would wince with each rough jostle of the carriage, and glance around in clear annoyance.

She eventually began bouncing a leg up and down, biting her lip as she squirmed in her seat. Ram could feel the pressure in her bladder mounting with each passing moment, and even though she knew they were somewhat close to the base camp, she was really starting to get desperate. Her shift in urgency did not go unnoticed by Subaru, who was now keeping a close eye on her, though still trying to play it off like he didn’t know what was going on.

Subaru started to worry when Ram began glancing out the window from time to time, as though seriously considering the coach driver to pull over like she had before. Subaru hadn’t suggested it this time, though, and Ram herself really didn’t want to stop unnecessarily. She tried to hold out a bit longer, willing herself to ignore her need as she tried to push the feeling down.

Unfortunately, the road was just as rough and bumpy as it had been the first time around, and eventually Ram decided it wasn’t worth going the rest of the journey bursting. She turned her attention to the coach.

“H-how much longer until we reach the base camp?” Ram asked, shuffling in her seat restlessly.

“Ah, we’re on the home stretch, it’s definitely not far now. I’d say we’ll make it well before sundown.”

Ram looked up at the sky. From the position of the sun, it was already late afternoon now, so getting there well before sundown would mean they would be arriving very soon.

“Ah, I see,” Ram shuffled in place, weighing her options. If they were that close, Ram didn’t want them to stop just for her. On the other hand, though, she was very quickly reaching her limit.

A bump in the road made her make up her mind, as the jolt sent a quick dribble leaking out into her panties. She grit her teeth and winced as she balled up parts of her maid skirt in her hands, clamping her thighs down tightly.

“A-actually, do you think we can pull over,” Ram asked.

“Huh? What for?” Subaru jumped in, asking, “We’re almost there, right?”

Obviously Subaru already knew Ram had to pee, but he couldn’t let her stop again, or else the same thing that happened last time would happen again.

Ram didn’t expect Subaru to ask that, though, and she quickly scrambled for an excuse, “Ah, I- I think I sense something.”

“I knew it,” Subaru played things up, knowing full well Ram hadn’t actually sensed any danger, “But at this rate, wouldn’t it be safer to just make a rush to the base camp? It’s harder for them to attack us if we keep moving than if we stop.”

Subaru felt bad, but he knew that stopping would likely lead to his demise, and the loop resetting without him having made any progress. Maybe the danger was already gone, as Ram had held out longer this time around before asking for the stop, and so the area they had stopped at before was well behind them. However, Subaru didn’t want to take that chance.

Ram shuffled and blushed, unwilling and unable to come out and state her real reason for wanting to stop. She grit her teeth in clear frustration, but nodded, “Fine, let’s just hurry to the base camp.”

“I’ll double-time it,” the driver offered.

Ram was happy to hear that, but it had become more of a double-edged sword. While the dragon cart was now traveling faster, and would bring her to their destination sooner, it also meant that the bumps and jostles were amplified, sending shock after shock straight into Ram’s taxed bladder. She could feel it slosh around like a balloon inside her, swollen full from a day’s travel.

As much as she wanted to sit still in front of Subaru, she could barely hide her urgent wiggling as she fought and focused on holding it, eagerly glancing back every few moments in hopes that at any moment she’d see the base camp come into view.

Thankfully, it finally did, and her bladder spasmed in anticipation as she finally thought about getting much needed relief. This caused another spurt to escape into her panties, and Ram nearly let out a gasp as she clamped her legs together, thighs scissoring past each other as she desperately fought back against the brief loss of control. She blushed as she caught Subaru’s concerned glance, but thankfully it worked and the wave passed without any more leaks.

“Here we are,” the driver called out.

Ram nearly busted down the carriage door as she rushed off, and Subaru silently apologized as he watched Ram rush off to the camp’s established privy. Thankfully, it didn’t take long for Ram to figure out where it was. It was a tent bordering the camp and set away from the others, set up mostly for privacy.

Glamorous and clean it was not, but Ram hardly had the luxury of being picky right now. She rushed into the tent and stood over the privy, which was barely a seat over a chamber pot that could be emptied out into the woods as to not stink up the camp proper. Ram danced desperately as she fought with her clothes, barely managing to get her panties out of the way before straddling the privy and unleashing the flood.

She could hear it spray and splash against the chamberpot as Ram tried to aim properly into the hole, though she did dribble a little and make a mess. It was far too late for her to turn around and sit on the toilet properly, however, and she had no thoughts of trying to stop her stream with the sheer relief she was feeling. Ram tossed her head back and let out a sigh of relief as she finally emptied her full bladder.

“That damn Barasu, I should’ve just stopped the carriage anyway,” Ram spoke to herself.

The person she was speaking of, however, was just grateful that they had made it into the camp proper. He was still on-edge, but now he was surrounded by strong knights and mages from the Emilia-Crusch alliance. He stepped out of the carriage and glanced around, smiling as he saw everyone working together, moving around the base camp, talking and laughing as they planned their next moves. He would have to report to Emilia now that he was back, and they would probably force him to rest due to his injuries, but it was worth it for this.

That was the last thought Subaru had before a sharp pain struck his neck. He felt hot liquid gurgle up in his throat, and a metallic taste sting the back of his tongue as he reached up and grabbed his neck. His fingers touched a deep, jagged gash that was gushing blood, and Subaru let out a gargling noise as he tried to cry out in pain.

One of the knights in the camp, who had noticed their arrival, had already been making his way over before he realized that Subaru had been injured. He called out something, but Subaru couldn’t hear it. His consciousness was already fading.

His eyes darted around, trying to find any sign of who had attacked him, but he could only spot the briefest flashes of a shadow slinking into the woods on the edge of camp. How they had cleared the distance between the carriage and the woods so fast without being seen by any of the knights or mages walking around was a mystery. Subaru tried wracking his brain until his mind grew hazy, and he slipped into the darkness once more.

###

“AAHH!” Subaru gasped more than screamed as he woke up once again. Just like last time, he was back in the carriage, sitting across from Ram.

“What’s wrong, Barasu?” Ram asked, crossing her arms, “A nightmare? That’s what you get for falling asleep in such a weird place.”

Subaru was going to point out that falling asleep on a carriage ride wasn’t all that weird, but his mind was immediately brought back to his previous death. He had to figure out what was going on. Clearly just making it to the camp wasn’t enough.

The person left the camp shortly after taking me down. That all but confirms they’re targeting me directly.

It sent chills down his spine. An unknown enemy, clearly able to strike out at any point, even in the middle of a camp full of Subaru’s allies. However there was one saving grace. The figure had waited for Subaru and Ram to split up before attacking. That and the speed at which they fled the camp likely meant they weren’t up for a prolonged confrontation. They really were just an assassin who would wait for Subaru to be unguarded before striking out.

That, of course, meant that Subaru had a problem. Even if he convinced Ram to try holding it until they reached camp, he would have to make sure she stuck around by his side at least until he was well into the heart of the camp, ideally while reporting to Emilia and Crusch. Considering how urgently Ram had rushed off last time, Subaru wasn’t sure he’d be able to convince Ram of that.

Well, I can worry about that later.

Subaru turned his attention back out the window. The first attack had happened in the middle of nowhere after they stopped, and the second attack had happened at camp. This meant that, whoever it was, they weren’t just waiting to ambush the cart, but were trailing it directly. However, that meant they were likely following Subaru and the cart right now.

Subaru once again tried to look out to catch sight of anything from the woods, but like last time, the coast was clear. If only he knew where they were and how they were traveling, Subaru could potentially stop them before even reaching the camp.

Naturally as Subaru racked his brain and thought about how to deal with the mystery assassin, Ram’s bladder once again began to bother her. Of course it was a given considering Subaru kept resetting back to the carriage ride, and Ram already had to pee by then.

In truth, Ram had been holding it pretty much all morning. It wasn’t intentional. Their battle had taken most of the night and after the adrenaline died down and she made sure Subaru was patched up, she fell asleep pretty quickly.

By the time she had woken up, it had become dangerous to stay out so exposed, and so in the early morning they set out without her taking a trip out into the woods to relieve herself. They then stopped for a brief lunch. By that point, her empty stomach had been the much more pressing need, and between that and wanting to get back on the road, she absentmindedly skipped a bathroom break yet again.

Of course, Ram noticed her filling bladder shortly after they set off, way too early to ask to stop again. So she resolved to hold it the rest of the way to camp. She had made that decision before really feeling just how full she was already, and how quickly her bladder was continuing to fill.

Ram pressed her thighs together and glanced out the window. How close were they to camp? She was starting to get nervous at how quickly the pressure was mounting inside of her. It had been a manageable discomfort up until recently, but once it shifted into urgency, Ram was growing more and more restless. She hadn’t been paying attention to how badly she needed to go. Now her bladder was constantly nagging her, sending her wave after jolting wave of pressure as it urged her to let go.

Ram gripped at her skirt, resisting the urge to grab herself. While he had been sleeping, she at least had the privacy to squirm a bit more openly, and she had secretly hoped he would stay asleep for the remainder of the ride so if she needed to later, she could hold herself. Now however she would not allow her hands any closer than her thighs as she rubbed them anxiously.

The carriage hit a bump and the jolt nearly made Ram let out a squeak. She flinched as she felt the pressure building up inside her. In that moment, all she could focus on was how badly she needed to pee. Could she really hold it until they reached the camp?

Ram tried to gauge how much longer they had on their journey, but she couldn’t focus properly and everything outside looked like nondescript forest. They could crest the next hill and be there, or it could take much longer. Ram at this point had no way of knowing.

Should I ask to stop? It’s embarrassing to ask just so I can pee, but I don’t know if I’m going to be able to hold it at this point.

Ram thought about waiting, but she then realized she’d have the opposite problem than when she first noticed she had to pee. Rather than having just left, the closer they got to the base camp, the less sense it would make to stop.

I’ll just ask. If it’s too long I’ll ask for a break.

“Hey,” Ram turned around, wincing as the motion put pressure on her bladder, “How much further back to camp?”

The driver looked over his shoulder, “Oh, not too far. By the judge of things we’re nearly there.”

“That’s good,” Subaru nodded, “I want to report back to Emilia and Crusch as soon as possible.”

There was an unusual urgency in Subaru’s voice, something different from Ram’s own desperation. He was acting a little nervous, constantly looking out into the woods and behind them, as though they might be being tailed.

Ram tried to extend her senses out, but with her bladder so full she just couldn’t concentrate. Had he picked up on something she hadn’t? Subaru always seemed to have a strange intuition, or knowledge of things that not even she could detect with her clairvoyance.

“Hey, can we stop,” Ram asked the coach. If Subaru was picking up on something bad, then Ram didn’t want to be caught in a fight with a full bladder.

“What for? We’re almost there, right?” Subaru asked.

Ram immediately blushed. She couldn’t come out and admit to Subaru of all people that she had to pee. She squeezed her thighs together and wriggled as she tried for an excuse. Unfortunately, the coach also shook his head.

“No sense of stopping now, it’s just over the next hill.”

Ram looked over at where the coach was pointing. The road was a straight shot with a hill in the near distance. It wasn’t particularly close, but it was close enough that stopping now simply didn’t make sense.

Ram bit her lip, but at least she knew she’d only have to endure her full bladder for a little bit longer. She crossed her legs and steeled herself, trying to push down the intense waves of desperation urging her to give in, or at least to openly hold herself.

The agonizing period of time between when Ram had seen their destination and when the carriage finally pulled up over the hill and she caught sight of base camp was agonizingly slow. Ram was squirming restlessly by the time they pulled into camp.

Yet while Ram’s mind was entirely focused on exiting the carriage and making a beeline to the privy, Subaru was racking his mind about how to convince Ram to hold it for a bit longer, at least for them to get deeper into camp where he was less likely to be attacked. His heart pounded as the carriage came to a stop, and as Ram was ready to rush off, Subaru reached out for her arm and stopped her.

“Where are you going in such a hurry? Shouldn’t we report to Emilia and Crusch?”

Ram froze, feeling her bladder spasm in protest at the idea. Yet what was she going to tell Subaru? She wasn’t going to admit that she was about to burst.

“F-fine, let’s go report things in quickly,” Ram inevitably agreed, though she wasn’t able to hide her irritation at being delayed.

As they climbed out of the carriage, however, Ram felt a jolt hit her bladder. The strong pressure wave forced her to bend forwards as she grasped at her skirt. It took all her willpower not to immediately grab herself out of sheer desperation. Yet as she paused and clamped her thighs together, she felt a short leak escape into her panties.

Subaru noticed her pausing, and he could tell Ram was very near her limits. He felt bad for stopping her, but he needed to get deeper into camp before he was ambushed again. Once Ram regained her composure from her small leak earlier, she and Subaru quickly made their way to the center of camp. All the while, Subaru kept glancing over his shoulder and looking around nervously for the attacker he was sure was lurking nearby.

About halfway to the main tent, however, Ram felt another strong spasm from her bladder, and she froze, nearly doubling over as she let out a leak. She squeezed her thighs together and tried to fight it, but as she looked up at the tent she realized there was no way she could hold it through an extended meeting where she and Subaru would report to the alliance. She could barely stop herself from letting out another leak right then and there, and Ram blushed as she finally gave in and grabbed herself, despite Subaru being right there.

“Barasu, go on without me, I have to take care of something urgent,” Ram replied, still not willing to outright admit to needing to pee, though she knew it would be clear to the both of them. There was just no hiding her desperation anymore.

“Ram, I-” Subaru was about to ask her just to escort him to the tent, and confess he was being targeted, but she didn’t stick around to hear him out. She instead hobbled over to the main camp’s privy, letting out small dribbles along the way. She could hardly care at this point, though. She just wanted to make it to the tent before she totally wet herself.

She managed to barely shuffle in before another spurt escaped into her panties, and she could feel rivulets dripping down the inside of her legs. She scrambled to hike her skirt up and plopped herself down on the seat of the privy before totally bursting. She hadn’t had time to remove her panties, not that it would have mattered. They were already totally drenched beyond saving.

Ram began peeing full-force through the soaked fabric, her stream practically passing straight through it like it wasn’t there. Ram panted and gasped as she finally felt the pressure in her bladder start to subside. She had really held it to her limit. She could only imagine if she had actually gone with Subaru to meet with Emilia. Undoubtedly she would’ve wet herself in front of everyone.

I have to make sure I pay more attention to that.

Ram continued peeing, but suddenly from outside she heard what sounded like explosions, and panic among the members of the alliance outside. She would have to wait until she finished, though, since there was no stopping her stream now, and she wasn’t about to rush out mid-pee, even if there was an attack on the camp.

Outside, things were chaos. The carriage Subaru and Ram had returned in on had gone up in flames, and now the knights and mages were all on high-alert, rushing around and preparing for an unseen foe.

Subaru stood there, eyes wide, and quickly glanced around, looking for any attackers. He found nothing, however. Yet something felt wrong. The assassin hadn’t tried to blow up the carriage earlier, so what had changed? Subaru didn’t have time to think. He needed to get deeper into the camp and find someone who could protect him from the assassin, or he’d just wind up back in the carriage.

Subaru whirled around and began rushing towards the main tent, constantly looking around and expecting an attack from all sides at any moment. Yet he looked around. There were plenty of their allies around, strong knights and mages who had helped their alliance since the beginning. He was safe.

Or so he thought.

Before Subaru could reach the tent, more explosions rang out, more smoke and less fire as the camp around him erupted into chaos. The thick, billowing clouds obscured the sight of the main tent from him, and Subaru caught just the briefest glances of a shadowy figure as a sharp pain pierced his chest. Whoever had attacked him wasted no time with drawing the blade, and Subaru caught the briefest flashes of a face through the smoke before a sharp pain once again struck his neck and his world went black once again.

###

“AAAAHHHHH!”

Once more, Subaru found himself back in the carriage. His eyes darted around frantically as he looked around in a panic. Clearly whoever was after him was not willing to simply stop when he got to a safe area of the camp. However, Subaru did manage to notice something about the attack on the camp. It was mostly loud, untargeted explosions to cause chaos. It was more of a diversion to catch Subaru out without a strong defense. That confirmed his suspicions that while this person was quick, they were specifically waiting to target Subaru when he was most vulnerable.

Of course, this didn’t do much to help his plans. It was clear asking Ram to stay with him any longer would be impossible. She would reach her limit again and the same thing would happen. Not to mention if the assassin was willing to openly attack the camp to get to Subaru, he was putting other’s lives at risk returning.

We have to deal with them before we get to camp, but how?

“Hey, Barasu,” Ram asked, crossing her arms in irritation, “Don’t fall asleep if you’re gonna wake up screaming like that.”

“Sorry,” Subaru scratched the back of his head.

As he racked his brain, the same telltale signs of Ram’s discomfort caught his eye. Maybe instead of preventing Ram from making a pitstop, he could bait out the attack by letting her stop, but then calling her back before she could head out into the woods. Of course, she wouldn’t actually get to pee, but hopefully she could fight off the assassin quickly enough.

Ram shuffled uncomfortably as Subaru took in a deep breath and prepared for the plan. He looked up at her and asked, “Hey Ram, are you okay? You seem restless.”

Ram blushed, stiffening her back and squeezing her thighs together upon realizing that Subaru had picked up on her needs. She didn’t think she had made it that obvious. Embarrassed, she shot back an excuse as she tried to appear relaxed, “I’m fine, this dragon cart’s just particularly bumpy.”

Subaru frowned. Now that his plan was to bait out his attacker, he wanted to stop sooner rather than later. While Ram’s reluctance to admit to needing to pee had helped him when his plan was to get to the camp, now it was only backfiring. Still, if Subaru pushed the issue, Ram would likely just get irritated. In the worst-case scenario, she would try to hold it all the way to the campsite on her own.

Ram on the other hand was more concerned with trying not to appear like she had to go at all, despite the fact that her bladder was really filling up. Before she felt confident enough to bounce her legs or shuffle around, giving her some minor relief for her discomfort, but now she was struggling to keep still so as to not give more of her need away. Ram had no way of knowing Subaru already knew full well that she had to pee, and all she was doing by trying to hide it was making it harder on herself to hold it.

Perhaps it was because of that, or perhaps Ram was just filling up faster, but it wasn’t long before she started nervously glancing out the window towards the woods. She sat stiffly, enduring the rough bumps and jolts on the road as she fought both her swelling bladder and her urge to squirm and wriggle. She was growing tempted to ask the carriage rider to pull over.

Subaru noticed Ram’s expression growing strained as she struggled, and despite Ram’s best efforts not to, she couldn’t help but slip and let herself shift and rock slightly in her seat in desperation. Subaru wanted to suggest pulling over, but he was afraid if he said anything now, Ram would still refute needing to stop. They were quickly approaching the campsite, so that would be a problem.

Thankfully, the carriage ran over a particularly bad pothole in the road, and Ram’s bladder spasmed. She let out an involuntary squeak and blushed as she clamped her thighs together, and while she managed to barely avoid leaking, Ram realized she was fighting a losing battle.

She turned to the coach driver, and spoke, “Hey, can we pull over for a moment?”

“Huh? But we’re nearly at camp,” the driver replied.

“Actually I need a break too,” Subaru rubbed the shoulder of his injured arm, “I could use some stretching.”

Ram blushed, looking over at Subaru and figuring out he had chimed in due to her predicament. Obviously that was only half-true. Still, she was grateful that she didn’t need to come up with some excuse or admit to needing to pee.

As soon as the carriage came to a stop, Ram hopped out, and she started quickly towards the trees to find a place to relieve her full bladder. Unfortunately, even though Subaru had helped her convince the driver to stop, he wasn’t about to let her off on her own.

Before Ram could make it halfway to the treeline, Subaru turned to the coach driver and yelled, “Run!”

Subaru then lept out of the carriage just before a blade shot through the bottom of the carriage right where he had been standing. The driver lept from the cart as well and also narrowly avoided a blade.

The commotion had caught Ram’s attention, and she had reluctantly stopped, turning around in alarm to see Subaru rushing towards her. As he did, a shadowy figure emerged from beneath the carriage and lunged at them. Ram barely had time to charge forwards and cast Fura at the figure, the spell clashing with the figure’s blades and stopping them in their tracks before they could reach Subaru.

“Tch, how did you know I was there?” the figure scoffed.

For the first time, Subaru got a good look at the assassin who had been tormenting him. It was a figure with a brown cloak and leather armor, with a single silver chestplate and two swords, one held in each hand. The gust of wind blew back the figure’s hood, revealing a figure with a short black bob cut and piercing green eyes. Two feline ears sat atop her head, and a tail poked out from underneath her cloak. Her eyes narrowed into slits as she glared at Subaru, clearly irritated.

“She was hiding under the carriage the whole time?” Subaru exclaimed in surprise.

“Tch, she must be very skilled at stealth-based magic,” Ram grit her teeth. As she stood, heart racing and preparing for a fight, she couldn’t help but squeeze her legs together and stifle a squirm.

“Who are you?” Subaru asked.

“That’s none of your concern,” the catgirl spoke, readying her blades again, “All you need to know is that I’m going to kill you.”

“Not if I have anything to say about it,” Ram stepped in between Subaru and the unnamed assassin, “Barasu, get back. It’ll be hard for me to keep you safe and fight at the same time!”

“R-right!” Subaru nodded. He knew how fast the catgirl swordsman could be, and all it would take was one swift strike to end the fight right then and there. He kept himself on-guard and backed up as Ram took an offensive position in front of him.

Ram braced herself, ignoring the pangs from her bladder, and sent another powerful gust of wind towards the assassin. This time, however, she was prepared for it, and she dodged to the side before lunging towards Subaru, trying to ignore Ram entirely.

Ram intercepted, meeting her blades with clawed hands as she used her demon strength. She then sent another Fura out towards the catgirl and she was forced to block with her swords, bracing as she barely resisted getting blown back.

Ram then landed, wincing as she felt a pang from her bladder. It was really hard to fight when she had to pee so bad. She shuffled in place, which gave her opponent enough time to recover. Once again, the catgirl seemed to ignore Ram and lunge straight for Subaru.

Angered, Ram grabbed her by the cloak and spun her around before slamming her into the ground. She then once again positioned herself between the assassin and Subaru.

“Fine, I’m only after him, but if you want to die too, then so be it!”

Ram sent a preemptive gust of wind magic her way, but the catgirl once again dodged. With alarming speed, she danced around Ram, slashing at her with both blades. Ram would parry with her hands and send blades of wind back, but it was clear she was being worn down.

Not only was the fight dragging out longer than she had been hoping, but Ram’s bladder was also still nagging at her in the back of her mind. She realized it was slowing her down. Not to mention, but with the adrenaline from the battle, all of her body’s instincts were screaming at her to just let go so she could focus on fighting.

Of course, there was no way Ram was going to let that happen. She merely squeezed her legs together and sent another blast of magic at the catgirl, sending her flying backwards. Unfortunately, the catgirl recovered quickly and reeled back both blades, sending a strong blow that Ram had to block with a magic barrier. The catgirl then quickly followed up with another quick blow, this one sneaking past Ram’s defenses and sending her stumbling backwards.

Ram winced as she felt her bladder spasm, gritting her teeth as the pressure mounted. She felt herself let out a leak into her panties and she quickly reached down with one hand to grab herself, desperate to stop the floodgates from opening completely.

Subaru grit his teeth, realizing Ram was struggling with her bladder. Unfortunately, his assassin wasn’t going to wait around to let Ram recover from nearly wetting herself. She dove in again and again, once again dancing around her with a flurry of blades. Ram managed to block most of them, but she felt some pain as the blades managed to barely graze her arm and cheek.

Ram kicked, deflecting one blade as she raised a hand and blasted the catgirl with an El Fura. The blow struck directly and the assassin clutched at the slice in her chestplate, but it had not penetrated too deeply past her armor.

Unfortunately, putting all her force and focus into that attack didn’t help Ram’s situation, nor did the kick, and Ram doubled over the second both feet were back on the ground. She gasped desperately and squeezed herself together as her taxed bladder urged her body to try to relax and let it out.

Ram tried desperately to hold it back, but unfortunately for her, she had pushed herself too far. She grit her teeth and whimpered as she felt her body give out slowly, first with a few spurts that escaped into her panties and began running down her legs. She felt her muscles quiver as she tried in vain to regain control, but in the next moment, she burst.

Hot pee gushed out of her, spraying onto the ground in a waterfall between her legs. Ram blushed furiously as she let out a gasp. She quickly spread her legs to salvage what was left of her maid bottoms, though it was clearly too late as they were already flooded.

Subaru and the unnamed catgirl merely stood there and watched as Ram utterly wet herself. At first it was out of shock, but then Subaru shook it off, expecting the assassin to either take the opportunity to lunge at him or rush Ram while she was off-guard. However, she simply stared, watching intently with her ears down and her tail flicking.

Actually, she seemed troubled, and Subaru soon realized that it looked as though the assassin herself was squirming uncomfortably, shifting her weight from foot to foot. Finally she looked away as Ram continued to pee, but instead of lunging at Subaru, it seemed like she was trying to drown out the noise of Ram’s accident.

Eventually, Ram had finished, and the second her stream had trickled off, the assassin snapped back into action, lunging straight at Ram. Subaru watched in horror as the blades connected, and the blades cut deep gashes into Ram’s shoulder and side. She was sent flying back and the catgirl reeled back for another strike.

“Ram!” Subaru panicked, running over to her.

He placed himself between Ram and the assassin instinctively as her blades swung towards Ram’s injured form. The blades dug into him, one plunging straight into his side and the other slicing at his arm until the sword hit bone. Subaru winced, and the assassin merely laughed.

“Oh, you’re protecting her? That’s fine by me, you’re my target anyway!”

“Subaru!” Ram called out in alarm.

Before she could do anything, however, the catgirl plunged one of her blades deep into his chest, and Subaru collapsed backwards onto the ground, coughing and gurgling as blood filled his throat.

Ram finally recovered and glared up at the catgirl, but she merely sheathed her swords and waved her hand.

“Sorry, I have no intentions of fighting you.”

She began rushing off into the woods, with Ram rushing after her in anger. However, with her stealth abilities and with Ram’s injuries, she lost her almost immediately. Ram was too drained to try to track her down with clairvoyance, and as she heard Subaru cough in pain from behind her, Ram’s priorities immediately shifted to him.

“Barasu, you idiot,” Ram grit her teeth. She rushed over to him, but it was clear from the amount of blood he was losing that the blade had struck his heart, “You knew she was after you, why did you jump in front of me?”

“I didn’t… want to see you get hurt,” Subaru answered honestly through strained breaths. He could already feel his vision fading, “S-sorry. But it’s fine… I figured it out.”

“Figured what out?” Ram echoed, “You’re not making sense, and now you’re…”

Subaru coughed again, spitting up another load of blood. Ram gasped and tried to stop the bleeding, though she didn’t really have much hope saving Subaru now. She panicked and looked down at him, watching Subaru close his eyes.

“Subaru!”

Sorry, Ram. I can’t explain, but I know how to beat her now. Next time for sure, we’ll both be fine!

Subaru felt his consciousness fade, and as the darkness took him, he let himself smile.

###

Subaru’s eyes snapped open back in the carriage, and they immediately darted around, making sure everything was the same. It was. Ram was sitting across from him on the bench, stiff and uncomfortable. The driver was oblivious as he sped down the road.

“Ah, Barasu. You’re awake,” Ram replied.

“Ram,” Subaru lowered his voice. He wasn’t wasting any more time, “Is there a secret compartment underneath carriages like these?”

“Huh? Well, I’ve heard of some carriages having them, but don’t think this one’s supposed to,” Ram replied, “Why?”

“Because I think there’s an assassin stowed away somewhere on board,” Subaru answered.

“What?” Ram asked, alarmed, “Well, if that was the case, I’d be able to detect them.”

“What if they were using stealth magic?”

“I suppose stealth magic could suppress their presence, but I should still be able to sense them. Though I suppose if they were hiding away on the carriage, it’d be hard for me to sense them over the stench of that witch clinging to you.” Ram admitted, “How do you know, though?”

“Just a hunch,” Subaru shrugged, “But I think they’re after me.”

Ram crossed her arms, “You’re not making much sense, but assuming you’re right, we should have the carriage searched. Hey, driver!”

Ram had the driver stop and pull over, and all three of them began searching the carriage. Subaru was on-edge and stuck next to Ram the entire time, not wanting to get killed in a surprise-attack before they could find their target.

Once she realized they were actively searching for her, the cloaked figure of the catgirl assassin shot out from underneath the carriage. Apparently there was some kind of hidden compartment under there. She quickly lunged at Subaru, but since Ram was right there, she was able to quickly parry the blow.

“Tch, how did you know to look for me?” she asked.

“Sorry, just a feeling,” Subaru smirked, “Anyway, who are you, and why do you want me dead so badly?”

“That’s none of your business,” she smirked. She once again slashed at Subaru, but he was prepared and jumped back as Ram dove forwards. She cast a Fura at the catgirl and blew her back away from the carriage, into the open field between the road and the edge of the forest.

She’s not prepared for a full-on fight, and unlike last time, Ram doesn’t have to go as bad because we stopped right away. Besides, there was that thing I noticed…

It was true. While Ram was uncomfortable, she wasn’t absolutely bursting like she had been last time. An extended fight would still be a problem, but the catgirl definitely seemed to focus more on ambushes and rush attacks. Subaru would have to keep his guard up, but they were in a much better spot.

Still, the catgirl was determined. She lunged again at Subaru, and was quickly intercepted by Ram. Ram blocked her blade with a clawed hand and drew her wand, sending a Fura blasting the catgirl back. She dug her blades into the dirt to stop her momentum and lunged back, dancing around Ram with a flurry of swings with her twin blades. She moved them in a fluid motion, using one to deflect Ram’s physical blows while the other swiped at her, and then she’d switch.

She twirled around just in time to see Ram reel back for a strong blow which she blocked with both blades. The effort caused her to stagger backwards, and Subaru caught her wincing as Ram followed up with a strong wind blade. She barely had time to dodge to the right, feeling the biting wind tear at her sleeve and cut her arm.

Ram was about to follow up when she felt a nag from her own bladder. She was forced to pause and squeeze her legs together, giving their catgirl target enough time to charge forwards. Ram dodged a double-swing from both blades before blocking the follow-up attack with her foot. She winced as she spread her legs, feeling another spasm from her bladder.

Irritated, Ram waved her wand and sent another fierce Fura towards the assassin. She barely managed to dodge again, diving backwards as the attack cut up the ground where she just stood. As she landed, however, Subaru noticed her wince again as she shuffled from foot to foot.

I was right! She has to pee too! I guess that makes sense, she must’ve been stowed away in that secret compartment for a while.

Unfortunately, she wasn’t the only one. The fight was taking a toll on Ram too, and Subaru could see her rubbing her knees together. The two continued to exchange blows, neither gaining an upper hand on the other as each of them grew more and more desperate as the fight went on. Subaru could tell that both of them were starting to take short pauses between attacks to recover.

Indeed, their bladders were really feeling the fight, and eventually the catgirl assassin felt a strong twinge from her bladder. She paused to recover, only for Ram to quickly strike her with a powerful punch, sending her flying backwards and tumbling to the ground. Upon hitting the ground, she let out an involuntary leak, and she was forced to reach down and give herself a quick grab to recover.

She grit her teeth, pulling herself to her feet only to see Ram standing there, ready to attack. She was keeping her thighs pressed together, but other than that she was ready for anything the assassin could throw at her.

Irritated, the catgirl glanced around and caught sight of Subaru. In her fight with Ram, she had forgotten her main objective. She began charging at Subaru, and Ram’s eyes widened.

“Barasu!”

“Ram, cover your ears!”

“Huh?”

Before the assassin could reach him, Subaru pulled out a leather skin of water, and without warning began pouring it out onto the ground in a trickle. Immediately, Ram realized what was happening and covered her ears, but the Assassin was holding her blades. She froze as soon as the trickling sound hit her, and Subaru smirked at her cockily.

“Ah, stop stop stop!” the catgirl yelled, doubling over and squeezing her thighs together, dancing desperately. She whimpered as she fought off a leak, her bladder reacting strongly to the sound.

“I noticed you had to pee. I guess you could call this my own special brand of water magic.”

“Stop, or I’ll-!” the catgirl tried to continue her charge at Subaru, but as soon as she stepped forwards, she felt a spurt escape from her overtaxed bladder. She once again was forced to clamp her legs together. She desperately wanted to hold herself, but she wasn’t about to sheathe her blades just to do that in the middle of a fight.

Unfortunately, Subaru wouldn’t let up on his “attack” as he tilted the spout further, only causing more splashing sounds. The assassin grit her teeth and took another two steps towards him before she doubled over again. In truth, she had been hidden under the carriage since the early morning before the others had woken up, and she hadn’t had a single chance to slip off to the bathroom. She had been holding it in all that time, and between the fight with Ram and the water sounds, the catgirl reached her limit.

“Ah, no!” she gasped, feeling another spurt leak out. She finally gave in and dug one sword into the ground, using her now-free hand to grab herself, but it was too little too late.

She burst, pee streaming down and quickly soaking into her cloak and leggings as it sprayed out onto the ground beneath her. It streamed down her legs and formed a puddle as the ground couldn’t soak up the forceful spray fast enough. She immediately released her crotch, driving both her blades into the ground and using them to support herself as she felt her legs quiver. She threw her head back and, in spite of being in an active battle, she closed her eyes and allowed herself to bask in the relief.

The bliss was short-lived, however, as soon embarrassment and humiliation rose up within her. Her face turned a bright red, and she grew even angrier at Subaru, who merely corked up the waterskin and smiled at her as she wet herself.

When she was finally done, she was left panting heavily, face bright red and sweat dripping from her forehead. How much of that was from the battle or from the sheer effort of holding it in, and now the relief she felt having fully emptied her overfilled bladder, she didn’t know.

“Y-you really think this is enough to stop me from killing you?” the catgirl asked Subaru, grabbing both her blades out of the ground and raising them up towards him, ready to charge again.

“Not really,” Subaru shrugged, “But it slowed you down.”

The assassin’s eyes widened as she realized she hadn’t been focused on Ram. Suddenly, a shadow appeared behind the catgirl, and her eyes widened. She barely had enough time to turn around before she caught sight of Ram, diving at her from above, glowing with magical energy. She had been able to charge up her magic in the ample time the assassin had been wetting herself.

“EL FURA!”

The assassin had no time to react to the lighting-fast wind blade. It struck her head on, slicing clean through her armored chest plate and leaving a shallow gash across her chest. She grasped it as she staggered backwards, hissing in pain.

Unfortunately, she had no time to recover before Ram had reached her. She grabbed her and tossed her hard into the ground, pinning her down and knocking the swords out of her hands. She grabbed one as it flew through the air, and held it up to the catgirl’s neck.

“Who are you, and why are you after Barasu?” Ram asked, angrily.

“Tch, fine, I’ll tell you. I know when I’m beaten anyway,” the catgirl sighed, “My name is Winter Emeralia.”

“Are you with the witch cult?” Subaru asked.

“Pfft, hell no,” she grit her teeth, glaring at Subaru for the suggestion, “Actually, I’m a knight.”

“This breastplate,” Ram noted, picking up one of the broken halves from the ground, “It bears the crest of the Lion. You’re affiliated with Dutchess Crusch, right?”

“Wait, but doesn’t that make us allies?” Subaru asked.

“Ha, as if!” Winter scoffed, “You’re with Emilia’s crew, not the Dutchess’s! Don’t you dare tell me you have her best interests at heart!”

“What do you mean? We’re clearly working together,” Subaru exclaimed.

“Tch, yeah, on the surface!” Winter glared up at him, “But who’s this all really helping? Why is it that Emilia and your camp grows more influential, while the Dutchess’s power and popularity as a Royal Candidate wanes! Not to mention I know what happened. She’s lost her memories, all because of an expedition you organized! I owe the Dutchess my life! I’ve been loyal to her for years! And here I have to sit watching as you take over and win everyone over with your charisma! Siphon all her power to back your own Candidate! The Emilia-Crusch alliance? Don’t make me laugh. You know how this is all going to end. It’s inevitable, considering only one person can win in the end anyway. We should’ve never joined up with you.”

“But doesn’t Crusch herself want us all to work together?” Subaru asked, “If you’re really loyal to her, then shouldn’t you want what she wants.”

“The Dutchess I serve is gone already. Her memories, her actions. Even her convictions. All that’s left is a weak shell. I thought by killing you I could cause some unrest amongst the remaining group and cause the alliance to split up. No… perhaps I always knew that wouldn’t be the outcome. Maybe I just wanted revenge.”

“Well, you can’t kill Subaru. We’re going to hand you over to Dutchess Crusch and her camp.”

“Tch, you’re not going to kill me?”

“No, not for now, anyway. But if you ever come after Subaru or another member of House Mathers again, I will be sure to kill you.”

If Winter hadn’t already wet herself earlier, that glare from Ram likely would’ve done it.

It took a few moments to fully disarm and search Winter to make sure she wasn’t still a threat before they restrained her and brought her back to the carriage. Once she was tied up and properly secured, Ram glanced at Subaru and blushed.

“I’m going to take a quick break now, I’ll be right back.”

“Right,” Subaru nodded.

He watched as Ram eagerly hobbled off into the woods. Between finishing the fight with Winter, making sure she was secured and restrained, and watching her wet herself in the fight in the first place, Ram was absolutely at her limit. She wasn’t too picky, making sure she was just out of sight and deep enough into the forest for the bare-minimum amount of privacy before Ram quickly struggled to get her clothes out of the way. She danced from foot to foot and felt herself leak into her panties, which were already pretty soaked at this point.

Not even bothering to squat down, as soon as Ram had most of her clothes out of the way, she arched her back and aimed at the ground in front of her. Both her hands were filled with keeping her skirt and petticoat out of the way, but even if she had a free hand, she wouldn’t have had enough time to reach down and pull her panties aside before the floodgates burst open.

A hot, powerful spray of pee splashed loudly onto the ground between her legs, striking the tree and soaking into the dirt below. Ram threw her head back and let out a moan as the sheer pleasure of finally getting relief after all this time washed over her. She felt her muscles quiver and her knees wobble as she basked in the relief. She had been forced to hold it for extended periods of time before, but she couldn’t remember ever feeling as close to losing it as when she was painfully forced to squirm and help Subaru tie up Winter, when all she wanted to do was rush into the woods and do this minutes ago.

Ram wasn’t sure how long she peed, but it felt like quite a while before the pressure truly started to fade and her stream started to weaken. It took even longer for the stream to totally taper off, and by the time she was done, she was left standing there, bracing herself against the tree, panties totally soaked but her other clothes otherwise fine.

Not wanting to spend the rest of the carriage ride in wet panties, Ram slipped them off. She felt a little exposed, but it was better than the feeling of the wet fabric pressed against her crotch. As Ram sighed in relief one last time, she fixed her remaining clothes and walked away, leaving an impressively large puddle behind. Ram had no way of knowing it, but now that they had stopped Winter, she wouldn’t have to go through holding it on the carriage again today, meaning she could finally actually enjoy her relief.

