Rexone Story Commissions - Page 4

Author: Rexone_312

*075*2023-10-02 13:41

Prospera Under Pressure

Early Start to the Day

Prospera's day usually began with an obnoxiously loud alarm clock. Today however, she didn’t have to rely on her alarm. Her bladder was gurgling with a huge load of pee, and it woke her up well before the alarm. She dragged herself out of her cozy bed and bolted to the bathroom. Half-way in the process of taking down the pyjamas and landing her butt on the porcelain bowl, it gushed out like a waterfall. The extra litre of water she drank before bed, came out which a brute force splashing the water from the WC on her bubble butt. “Phew! I needed that!”, she muttered to herself as the torrent went on for nearly a minute.

After squeezing out the last possible drop from her bladder and a quick shower, she made herself a hearty breakfast. A bowl of creamy yogurt adorned with a rainbow of fruits graced her breakfast table. It was coupled with a tall glass of freshly squeezed orange juice and a steaming cup of herbal tea. She believed in the power of liquids to maintain peak health, and today was no exception. With breakfast devoured, Prospera opened her trusty calendar. There were two activities lined up for the day – each highlighted with red - the first one was a secret experiment at her facility and later, a prestigious science conference. Her heart raced with excitement as she anticipated the day's challenges.

Determined to maintain her powerful image, she went to her wardrobe and pulled out her usual grey business casual suit. To the unversed, it was the same black shirt coupled with her high waisted grey trousers and a blazer. She got it recently tailored to perfection, designed to hug her body, and offer a wrinkle-free, snug fit. However, as she wriggled into the sleek attire, it quickly became apparent that snug was an understatement. The suit was a vice, squeezing her like a tube of toothpaste.

She tugged at the fabric of her trousers and performed all sorts of gymnastics to wiggle into it. Half-way into the trousers, she was lying on the ground contorted and perspiring. She could simply go back to her wardrobe and opt for a looser outfit, but she decided the opposite. After a long struggle with the apparel, the mirror reflected back the undeniable truth—it looked just the way she wanted it to. She put on her grey futuristic helmet and bam! Embracing the tightness, she ventured forth into her bustling day.

The Unexpected Glitch Soon after Prospera reached her facility. The pre-dawn hours cast long shadows over Prospera's high-security facility. She strode through the dimly lit corridors, the only soul stirring in the silence. Each step echoed in the emptiness around her. The facility, typically bustling with researchers and assistants, lay dormant. She went to great lengths to keep the experiment hidden under the wraps. After the Vanadis incident, Prospera sought revenge from Delling Rembran and the Benerit group, who were the main culprits behind the attacks. Under the pretext of Shin Sei Development Corporation, she was conducting her own development to build a new type of Gundam mobile suit equipped with Artificial Intelligence system. It was imperative that no one else knew about it.

As she navigated the labyrinth of hallways, her lower belly sloshed with a reminder of the liquid-heavy breakfast she had indulged in earlier. Her constrictive attire, chosen for the sake of professionalism, was already causing her discomfort. The call of nature was manageable but surely undeniable. She quickened her pace, heading for the facility's solitary bathroom. The flickering fluorescent light revealed a locked door. The janitor, holder of the key, was not scheduled to arrive for another three hours. She let out an exasperated sigh and leaned against the bathroom door, her hands pressed against it as if attempting to will it open. Her mind raced, considering alternatives, but she didn’t want to contaminate the pristine environment. With a resigned shrug, she straightened herself. “I should start keeping spare keys with me”, she made a mental note to herself, “but for now, I must hold it in like a professional. Mission comes first.”

Inwardly cursing the timing of her morning hydration, she pressed on. The lab awaited, and her determination was unshaken, even if her bladder was not. The day had just begun, and Prospera was already juggling secrecy, science, and a steadily growing need for a restroom that felt light-years away. In the pristine confines of her lab, she began the experiment, a cutting-edge AI-based targeting system. The room hummed with the soft whirr of machines, and the monitors blinked with anticipation. She had meticulously planned this experiment and the initial tests went by like a dream. Data flowed smoothly, and she couldn't help but smile with satisfaction. Her fingers danced across the control panel, adjusting parameters with the grace of a conductor directing an orchestra.

However, as the morning sun painted the sky in hues of orange and gold, only the final test was remaining. She fed the parameters into the system and executed it. As the initiation began, the facility monitoring system showed that the bathroom door was now unlocked, and the janitor had gone to the farthermost wing for cleaning. It was the most enticing opportunity for her to relieve herself. She gently got up from the chair as her bladder sent strong signals, suggesting that it was happy with her decision. However, just as she approached the door, all the monitors inside the room flooded with red patches of “Critical Error” messages.

“NOOOO!” She almost yelled. The most critical simulation revealed a devastating glitch. Her brow furrowed, and her smile vanished. Any chance of relieving herself was thrown out of the window. Her bladder sent a few pangs down there, but she sat into her chair, immediately crossing her legs tightly. The data on the screen looked like a Jackson Pollock painting gone wrong, a chaotic mess of lines and numbers.

She didn’t even notice that she had started to breathe sharply through her mouth. Her bladder remained persistent like an itch. The rising pressure, which had been a background annoyance, now escalated to the forefront of her mind. She must have been at a scale of 5/10 and on any normal day she would have relieved herself by now. But things were different today. It was as if her own bladder had joined the rebellion against her experiment. Her confident body language began to falter. Her legs shifted restlessly, swaying like reeds in the wind. She crossed and uncrossed her arms, trying to find a comfortable stance that seemed increasingly elusive. Her jaw clenched as she suppressed the urge to squirm outright. Amidst all this, she struggled to concentrate on the malfunctioning system and simultaneously tighten her muscles to stem the dire need to pee. Each sip of water from her bottle, once mindless and necessary to stay hydrated in the warm chamber, now felt like a cruel joke.

The AI system, oblivious to her bodily needs, continued to defy her. With each passing moment, the glitch appeared more stubborn, more resistant to her attempts at correction. Only her sheer willpower kept her going. She had a mission to complete, and even her body's crying demands couldn't deter her. She pressed on, battling not only technological glitches but her evil bladder as well. It seemed that on this eventful morning, she was not only testing the limits of her scientific skills but the boundaries of her own endurance.

Retry & Delay Frustration hung in the lab like a heavy fog, clinging to Prospera's every move. Five relentless hours had ticked away since her last bathroom break. And with each hour more and more liquid flowed into her constrained bladder. “Why the hell am I getting so desperate today?” In the middle of all the tension, it never occurred to her that the tight fabric of her new high waisted trousers left no room for the bladder to expand. She blew air out of her mouth and dabbed her sweat away. Her fingers flew across the keyboard, a frantic dance of desperation, as she attempted to placate the insistent computer. Her seat, once a bastion of calm, had become a torture chamber. It did not allow her to slouch forward for the slightest comfort. She fanned her legs incessantly to silence her bladder which was getting pumped by the second.

With her bladder at a scale of 6/10 now, her eyes darted from one error message to another, her lips moving silently as if offering muttered apologies to the malfunctioning screens. Each red-lettered message taunted her, pushing her further toward the brink of exasperation. Every keystroke was a desperate plea for mercy from the obstinate technology. “Please work! Please work!” She shifted in her seat and tapped her foot impatiently. Her lips trembled as she read through the laundry list of errors. Her concentration was faltering, yet she wouldn’t give up the high stakes battle between her mind and body. Her teeth gritting in silent resolve, she vowed to conquer the obstinate technology before yielding to the bubbling pressure within her.

Six hours passed by since her last trip to the bathroom and 1.5 litres of liquid sloshed in her belly. Yet Prospera made no move to relieve herself. Her eyeballs moved rapidly across the screens as she corrected the logic of the program. Much like her pace, even the pee inside her bladder pushed towards her pee hole as if forming an army, ready to strike an attack. Finally, after what felt like an eternity, she managed to coax the stubborn computer into submission. The glitch that haunted her morning was vanquished. “Victory!” Her happiness overcame her, and without a second thought, she jumped up with an exuberant cheer. But jubilation turned to instant regret. The joyous leap, normally an innocent celebration, had triggered a new battle cry from within—a battle cry issued by her aching bladder. A ripple of desperation travelled from her angry bladder throughout her limbs. Her face contorted in a blend of panic and agony as the urgency struck her like a lightning bolt.

Prospera gasped for air and tried to tug away the waist band of her trousers, but it was futile. She took a step toward the lab's exit, her eyes fixated on the bathroom door, just a few agonizingly long strides away. Her entire being pleaded at her to make the run of her life. However, her eyes flicked to the clock hanging on the wall. The hands pointed accusingly at the hour, declaring her lateness to the world. Panic surged within her like a tidal wave, drowning out every other sensation. She was late—terribly late—and she knew what awaited her outside the sanctuary of her lab. The entire facility would be buzzing with activity. Colleagues, scientists, and nosy interns would all have arrived, punctual as the morning sun. And Prospera would not want anyone to know what she had been doing since dawn. She wasn't ready to reveal to the world just yet even if it meant enduring the pain for much longer.

Her heart raced, and she clamped her hand over her mouth to stifle a frustrated scream. Time was not on her side, but neither was her bursting bladder. With a final, agonized look at the tantalizing bathroom door, she turned on her heel and headed to the back of the lab, where a hidden door concealed her escape route. It was a secret passage that led away from the prying eyes of her colleagues and the danger of exposing her confidential project. With a deep breath and every ounce of willpower she possessed, she pushed open the hidden door and slipped out into the labyrinthine passages of the lab's secret network, leaving behind the source of her frustration and the ultimate race against time.

Stuck in Traffic – Last moment arrival Seven agonizing hours had ticked by since Prospera's last chance to use the bathroom. She had consumed enough liquid for a small army, a choice she now deeply regretted. She dearly regretted wearing her newly tailored grey suit, which kept getting tighter somehow. It didn’t help her as she sat in her car, stuck in a snail-paced traffic jam. Sometimes she would look out of the window and sometimes she would switch on her advanced portable computer to run some calculations. But nothing could take her mind away from the pressure. She squirmed in her seat, her legs twitching with discomfort, as if they had developed a life of their own, dancing to the rhythm of her urgency. The steering wheel was the only support to hang on to.

Thankfully no one could see her full face which was contorted underneath the mask. It completely concealed the chaos within. As the traffic started to move, polite nods were exchanged with fellow commuters, each nod an internal scream of impatience. In her mind, she shouted, "Move it, people!" Yet, all that escaped her lips were forced pleasantries, her voice strained and high-pitched, betraying the turbulence beneath her calm exterior.

Another painfully long hour dragged on before Prospera's car inched closer to the conference venue's parking lot. Her knuckles were white against the steering wheel, her foot tapping an erratic rhythm of impatience. The radio played cheerful tunes, oblivious to her mounting desperation. Despite her constrictive trousers, her bladder bulged enough to be noticed by the onlookers. The pressure was reaching critical stages now – A solid 7.5/10. “I can hold it . . .I can hold it”, she kept whispering to herself. Finally, the moment arrived when Prospera finally parked her car. Faster than a bullet, she flung the door open and rushed to the entrance. Her hips swayed widely. Her bladder had grown to such proportions inside that her gait inadvertently changed to accommodate the load. Though no one could tell if she needed to pee. But beneath the façade of poise, she was locked in an epic battle of self-control, the intensity etched into her features.

Stepping into the conference hall was like entering an ice-cold waterfall, a cruel contrast to her overheated desperation. The air conditioning was so potent, it clung to her like a frosty shroud. Her body shuddered and the pressure shot up manifold. Prospera's continued walking towards the reception, each step marked by a discreet clenching of her muscles.

Conference – Presentation of Unique Inventions Prospera was about to ask the receptionist about the bathrooms just when her daughter Suletta, with her bright eyes and youthful energy, came rushing toward her. Prospera's face was flushed, and a bead of sweat dripping from her cheeks. Her discomfort was evident, but she fought to maintain her composure.

Suletta gazed at her mother, her voice carrying an anxious undertone. "Mom, are you okay? You look a bit... flustered."

Prospera managed a tight smile, her voice tinged with a forced casualness. "Oh, sweetheart, I'm perfectly fine. Has the program begun, or do we have a few minutes?” She tried to brush off her daughter's concern, not wanting her to see the vulnerability beneath the surface. Suletta raised an eyebrow, her intuition sharpened by years of observing her mother's quirks. "Mom, please tell me you don’t need to pee. . . You are late already."

Prospera chuckled nervously, shifting her weight from foot to foot as she tried to downplay her discomfort. "No, no, I'm good. It's just... anticipation. I want to enjoy the conference without any unnecessary breaks." As she spoke, her words betrayed her frantic desperation to hold it together. She glanced around, avoiding eye contact with her daughter, but the truth was that she was battling a biological clock that refused to synchronise with her schedule.

Once inside, Prospera's willpower was as fierce as ever. To her it was important to always look like the woman who was always in control, to her daughter - even if it meant holding onto the edge of her seat, quite literally. Soon the conference commenced. In fact, it dragged on, seemingly oblivious to Prospera's internal turmoil. She found herself trapped in a never-ending loop of discomfort, caught between the bone-chilling air conditioning and a constant supply of coffee. She reluctantly sipped from her cup, the warmth providing a fleeting comfort from the frigid room, but each sip only exacerbated the pressure within her.

As the presenters showcased their unique inventions, Prospera struggled to maintain her focus. With Suletta seating next to her she could not even squirm or shift in her seat, which she desperately wanted. She tried her best to stay calm, but truth be told she could feel her heart beating like a drum. Her once-poised posture now resembled a seesaw in distress. Her legs, once crossed demurely, had started to engage in an intricate dance of their own, crossing and uncrossing in a futile attempt to find comfort. Her body gently rocked back and forth, a subtle yet frantic movement she couldn't control. The unforgiving waistband of her tight pants dug mercilessly into her bulging bladder, adding an added layer of discomfort to an already unbearable situation.

Prospera endured the onslaught of presentations and innovations. Her mind was engrossed in something else entirely. She gritted her teeth while mentally calculating the amount of liquid she consumed. “9 hours! I cannot believe that I have held it for so long. But I must control, I cannot be seen like this.” She was stubborn to not to be the first to give in, even if it meant keeping her sweaty ass planted to the chair. As the session continued, Prospera's thoughts oscillated between the ingenious inventions on display and the incessant throb in her bladder. She couldn't help but wonder if any of these innovations could solve her current predicament.

Sudden Invitation to speak on Stage Another begrudgingly slow hour later, the session finally ended, Prospera felt a sense of urgency she hadn't anticipated. Ten hours without a bathroom break, and her body was on the brink of revolt. She eyed the bathroom door down the hall, her heart racing faster than a rocket launch. “Daughter, I need to make a call really quick – I will be just back.” But just as she began her dash for relief, a voice over the speakers stopped her dead in her tracks.

"Ladies and gentlemen," the host declared, "we have a surprise guest joining us on stage today!" She froze, her worst nightmare unfolding before her very eyes. Suletta cheered her to go to the stage and attend that call later. The audience erupted in applause, and Prospera, once again, had to defy the laws of biology. She found herself hobbling toward the stage. With every step, the pressure inside her intensified. She could feel steam emanating from her ears as the host asked her opinion on the inventions showcased earlier.

Her body trembled. Her lips were pursed, as if mimicking her lips down there which battled the gusher of pee throbbing to explode in her tight pants. She strained to recall the inventions she'd seen earlier, her thoughts as jumbled as a tangled mess of wires. Her sweaty hands grasped the podium, desperately seeking stability, but her bladder was merciless. She opened her mouth to speak, but nothing came out. The audience looked at her with anticipation oblivious to her predicament. The dam of hot boiling pee inside her threatened to unleash a catastrophic flood of embarrassment.

Nervous lines of strain formed on her forehead; her palms clammy as she struggled to maintain her composure. Prospera's eyes darted around the stage, seeking any possible escape from the impending catastrophe. She forced an uneasy smile, beads of perspiration trickling down her temples. Pretending as if something was wrong with the microphone, she reached for it with shaky fingers, fumbling with the controls in a frantic attempt to appear calm. Her voice quivered as she muttered apologetic half-sentences, "Just a... technical glitch... give me a moment..."

But underneath the veneer of professionalism, she was locked in a losing battle with her own body. Her bladder, stretched to its absolute limit, screamed for release, and she discreetly clutched her crotch behind the lectern, a futile effort to stave off the impending disaster. Time seemed to stretch into an agonizing eternity as Prospera fiddled with the microphone, the seconds ticking away like the countdown to a catastrophe. She was functioning purely on adrenaline now, her thoughts a chaotic whirlwind of urgency and panic. She could hear a ringing sound in her ears as if something exploded in close proximity. But then she took one deep breath and re-attempted to speak. Her sentences, when they finally emerged, were fragmented, disjointed, like a malfunctioning robot trying to communicate. She struggled to string together coherent thoughts, her mind fragmented by the excruciating pressure building within her.

The audience, unaware of the epic internal battle unfolding before them, watched with a mix of curiosity and mild confusion. To them, Prospera's hesitation was a mere hiccup in an otherwise polished presentation. Little did they know that she was at the tip of a disaster, desperately clinging to her last shreds of dignity as she grappled with the most primal of human needs. Prospera's struggle wasn't one of nerves, but a heroic attempt to hold back the litres of liquid threatening to burst forth. Seconds turned into minutes. Every time she tried to end the on-stage conversation the host would present her with yet another stupid question. After a while even the audience started throwing questions at her.

“I wish I could kill them all with my new targeting technology!” She cursed them as she tightly gripped the edges of the lectern. She was literally hanging by it. Her legs remained twisted like a pretzel. Her calf muscles were on fire and toes felt as if someone dropped a hammer on them. The suspense hung in the air like a fog, and the audience watched in fascination as Prospera's body language told the story of a woman on the edge. All she yearned for was that one elusive word - "Thank you." After an hour, the on-stage fiasco finally concluded. The audience's applause seemed deafening, and all she could think about was reaching the finish line – the bathroom door.

Lunch & Networking Prospera's bladder was obscenely bulging now, and she was splitting at the seams. Ten gruelling hours had passed, and nearly two litres of liquid were ferociously pumped by her kidneys into her severely squeezed bladder. Her waddle resembling that of a pregnant woman desperately trying to run for the hospital. Her body arched forward, the weight of her bladder pressing her down on her sphincter like an elephant crushing a coconut. “I bet even pressure cookers have less pressure to deal with.” She cursed under her strained breathing.

As she descended from the stage, Prospera was greeted by dignitaries from the audience, all eager to make small talk and express their admiration for her unique thinking and futuristic vision. Their voices were distant echoes suppressed by screams of her bladder's protest. She fought to maintain politeness; her voice wrenched as she engaged in conversations she could hardly concentrate on. Prospera, a woman of scientific brilliance, was now reduced to a desperate charade of calm and composure. The corners of her mouth twitching with every forced smile. She clenched her fists at her sides, her knuckles turning white, as if physically restraining the outburst. The crowd further pressed in around her, showering well-intentioned greetings and compliments. She nodded and smiled, her eyes darting around hastily, searching for any sign of an escape.

The frustrating assault of pee waves on the walls of her bladder, was cracking her facade. Every polite word she uttered felt like a stab in her bladder which was now at 9.8/10. Her mind raced, counting down the seconds until she could escape the suffocating crowd and make a mad dash for the restroom. Her body was filled with cold sweat and goosebumps – a strange combination. She breathed through her mouth and curtseyed more often than she would have liked. She kept her hands clasped together as if she was mentally directing her energy to her sphincters to bear the ungodly volume for a little longer.

Just when Prospera finally pushed through the crowd a familiar figure rushed toward her. It was Suletta, her daughter, offering a tight, unsuspecting hug, squeezing her overworked bladder with a loving embrace. Prospera's bladder nearly exploded with the sudden force of the hug. An excuse about an important phone call from before, lingered on the tip of her tongue, but Suletta had other plans. She insisted Prospera to meet Miorine Rembran. At once, Prospera’s heart filled with thoughts of revenge as she saw Miorine approach her, with a polite smile on her face. Prospera was trapped, her body a battleground of willpower against her own physiology and her burning desire of revenge.

Desperation etched every line on her face as she strained to maintain composure, her voice shaking as she greeted Miorine, "I am Suletta’s mother, Prospera Mercury. Nice to meet you again!”

“Have you met before mother?” Suletta interrupted Prospera.

“Suletta – your mother is thirsty; can you get her something to drink?” Prospera sternly asked Suletta as if asking her to stop talking. Being the always obedient daughter, she at once went to fetch a drink leaving the other two alone.

“I want to know about your father Miorine?” Prospera tried to instigate Miorine despite her bladder trying to push out the first few drops in her underwear.

Miorine nodded politely, "Is this really the place to ask?”

That was indeed not the right place to ask. The drops were squeezing out past her iron like control. The pressure inside her had grown into an agonizing crescendo and yet she tried to smile through the torment. Prospera took a seat nearby clutching her bladder. An intense wave of pain hit her hard making her weak at knees. It was now a battle of her bladder and her burning desire of revenge battling her in her mind.

Despite multiple attempts, Miorine declined her request and remained resolute. That unexpected refusal from Miorine triggered panic. A jet of warm piss shot into her tight pants, nearly forming a small spot. She looked down at it and her thoughts became a jumbled mess of desperation. She could see the restroom door beckoning to her like a siren's call. Her prideful ego wanted to go on and destroy Miorine’s pride, but her bladder had enough of her. It pushed yet another jet into her pants. It was a moment of sheer horror; she felt her control slipping away like grains of sand through closed fists. Her breath hitched, and her words trailed off into an awkward silence as her mind screamed for mercy.

Seeing no progress, Prospera abandoned the conversation, a disjointed sentence hanging in the air. Panic coursed through her veins as she stumbled toward the bathroom, her steps unsteady, her heart pounding, her entire being consumed by the impending catastrophe. Her dignity was a distant memory now, and all that remained was the primal need for relief. Suletta, sensing her mother's discomfort from afar, followed her.

Outburst Prospera's had seconds to act. It was a frantic race against time. She could literally see stars in her eyes. Eleven torturous hours of putting off her bathroom breaks and downing several litres of liquid now threatened to destroy her reputation and that too in front of Miorine and Suletta. She held her breath and inched towards the bathroom. Her thighs chafing and rubbing each other. That 40 feet distance took over a minute to complete she finally reached the door of the bathroom.

Her desperation shot up multiple times just by looking at the words “Ladies Toilet”. Her body was in overdrive now - sweating and trembling. It was a now-or-never situation. Her body seemed minutes away from explosion, and yet, to her dread, all the stalls inside were occupied. The relief was still so far from her. She clutched her crotch nearly piercing the fabric of her tight pants with her sharp nails. Her face contorted in a frantic grimace as she muttered silent pleas.

"Please, please, just one empty stall," she whispered through gritted teeth. Her legs, wobbled like noodles. Each step towards the next stall was a battle won and lost at the same time. Her fingers gripped the door handles tighter than a predator pins its prey. "Come on, come on," she urged herself, her voice a desperate plea for mercy. Her bladder bomb could detonate any second. She pressed her palm against her lower abdomen, feeling the agonizing swell of discomfort. "I can't... I can't hold on much longer," she muttered under her breath, her voice shaking as she fought back tears of frustration.

"Please, just one of you, finish up and leave," Prospera silently implored, her eyes shooting from stall to stall, searching for any sign of movement. But her pleas fell on deaf ears as the sound of loud pisses and flushes continued to torture her. Her breaths came in shallow, ragged gasps. She couldn't afford to wait, but the bathroom occupants were oblivious to her plight. Her eyes darted wildly, scanning for any sign of hope, but every stall remained stubbornly occupied.

Tears rolled down from her eyes as she felt another spurt leak into her underwear. Her muscles could give up any second, ready to stage a rebellion of epic proportions. Every muscle screamed for release, and her bladder threatened to unleash its torrential fury at any moment. She squeezed her eyes shut, attempting to use sheer willpower to halt the inevitable. Her body language was personification of intense struggle—her legs quivered, shoulders hunched, and face was scrunched up. She did not want to surrender to nature's call.

But as seconds turned into minutes, and the occupants of the stalls showed no signs of budging, Prospera's composure began to unravel. The bathroom door shook as she pounded it with frustration, her voice rising in an anguished plea for someone, anyone, to hasten their exit. Her frantic mind churned, desperately seeking a solution. She weighed the pros and cons of dashing to the men's restroom, and it appeared more and more lucrative. Seeing no other option, she turned around to exit and there she was Suletta, looking at her mother in such a vulnerable state. That was the final nail in the coffin “Mother! I can’t believe - you are bursting to pee!”

Every bit of energy was required to keep the flood contained. Yet Prospera dared to utter a plea, “S-Suletta. . . G-GO!” Each escaping word dropped like a bomb on her throbbing bladder. And finally, her dam broke. The piss did not just come out, it literally erupted. In spite of the multiple layers of fabric clinging to her skin, the sound of her piss overpowered the noise coming from all other stalls. It was ferocious. Her light grey trousers were now a shade of black, drenched in piss. Rivulets gushed out from her crotch and rapidly gurgled down her legs. Within a few seconds, a puddle formed on the floor. Suletta watched her mother losing all her pent-up pee like a waterfall.

The puddle grew with such rapidity that it spread across to the stalls around drawing curses from inside. Prospera shuddered as her bladder continued to deflate. All the pee that gushed out of her sent tremors down her privates, something which she had not experienced before. Inside her mask, her eyes were half closed-half open as if she was high. Her lips remained parted and faint moans filled the bathroom. Her hydration regime, her pride, her willingness to not accept her needs and her tight clothes all formed the perfect concoction of this wet disaster. The pressure inside her was so intense that for the first minute, the bulge of her bladder refused to deflate. Only in the second minute, the bulge started deflating. It was clear that Prospera was holding way over her limits, and she valiantly fought of her bathroom needs over 12 hours.

At that moment, Prospera’s bladder didn’t just expel all the piss, but it washed away all of her pride and dignity that she had so meticulously formed in front of her daughter. Things were never going to be the same for her.

- - - The End - - -

*079*2023-10-02 15:04

{{8 minutes ago, JD0417 said:

Wow! Hot AF

}}

Thanks a lot buddy! Good to hear from you. . .

*081*2023-10-03 02:12

{{4 hours ago, Frooger said:

You always deliver Rex🤩 This story is so hot

}}

Woooo hoooo!! 😍😍😍😍

*083*2023-12-10 13:02

Hi All Omo Lovers! Presenting to you the first two parts of a three part novel. It was one of my best commissions and I am really proud of it. If you like a little bit of drama and romance, then this one is for you. Presenting to you -

Not Even at Home Volume 2 Part 1 of 3:

Prologue: Hi! I'm Rex, and by this time you might already know how I absolutely love holding my pee to the absolute limits and even beyond. Thanks to my parents who raised me under strict discipline. This is one life skill I will be forever grateful to them for. Of late, I started to feel that my bladder was invincible, and nothing could break it. Even though I started pushing myself harder to hold longer and more volume, I was losing my ability to stay calm and hide it. More often than not, I started squirming at home and even in front of my parents when they visited me.

To ensure that I don’t go astray, my parents decided to set me up with a girl. In India we call that as “Arranged Marriage”. It that had me feeling like a deer caught in the headlights. They sought a girl from a very reputed family. Her family, like mine, was known for their philanthropy, polished behaviour, and most importantly strict discipline. So, naturally, I was feeling the pressure to make a good impression, but little did I know what was in store for me.

The Airport Pickup I was supposed to meet her on the following weekend. On Friday, I took a flight right after work. While in the cab towards the airport, I distinctly remember my father calling me to say, “Don’t let your cocky attitude screw this up. Sobhita is a proper lady. BEHAVE YOURSELF while with her.”

“Behave yourself” was a family code to warn me that I was not supposed to pee no matter what. I brushed it off knowing that my bladder could handle anything easily.

I slowly walked out of the airport, welcomed by a gust of cool night wind. My bladder made its presence felt. It was two hours past the time I would normally allow myself to go. My jeans were tight and left no space for my bladder to expand. My watch told I had been holding it in for nearly 26 hours. I was not bursting per se, but I had to constantly clench my muscles to keep the tide in check. Imagine that feeling when you clench the pressure subsides for a few minutes before coming back. I longingly looked at the door of the airport restrooms knowing that I was not supposed to pee where I was going. Suddenly, I got a phone call from an unknown number.

“Hi! I’m Nihita, Sobhita’s younger sis. Be there at arrival gate . . .” She stopped talking abruptly and the silence was filled by a pronounce groan from her. “Just – Just be there at the gate I will reach in 10”. Those 10 minutes were gruellingly slow. All the beer from my office party, earlier in the evening, was making its way into my bladder. I cursed myself for it.

Soon a car stopped in front of me, and the window rolled down. “Hi, Rex! I’m Nihita" she said, her voice high-pitched and bubbly. Before I could answer, she stepped off the car and hugged me tight. My heart was racing. It took me a good few seconds before I could answer. She was HOT. I mean, the amount of cleavage on display could put pornstars to shame. Her boobs were huge, obviously fake, but HUGE! And the little black dress she wore, seemed more like an undersized vest stolen from a guy. The way it clung to her tiny waist and her bubble butt was titillating, to say the least. I imagined whether Sobhita would be equally hot.

“You know you’re one of the very few guys who actually looked into my eyes while talking!” She winked. I was blushing at her compliment. “Do you mind driving the car back home?” She asked, seemingly bouncy and fidgety.

Alarms started ringing in my head. I could hardly concentrate on keeping up with small talk, let alone drive in an unknown city with a painfully full bladder. But the way she asked was enough to push myself into the driver seat. “Everything OK?” I asked her as I locked my seat belt. My bladder screamed at me with protest, but I silenced it by clenching the muscles hard.

“I AM ABSOLUTELY BURSTING FOR A PEE!” She curtseyed. I was taken aback for a bit. This was the polar opposite of what my parents told me about the family. Nihita was certainly unabashed with the concept of “Being Ladylike”. I didn’t mind though and secretly felt proud of acting strong in front of her.

As we crawled through the traffic, my dick ached from the strain of being so hard and containing the added pressure of the seat belt. When I looked at Nihita, she sheepishly smiled to me and tried to maintain small talk. But she was way past her limits. The seat belt squished her bladder. It looked more like a road between the mountains.

“Should I stop at a public restroom?” I was genuinely worried.

“Shhhh! I am not supposed to pee. . . I got this under control” Nihita tried to sound cheerful but the strain in her voice said otherwise. She was maddeningly desperate; I could say for sure. Her words “Not supposed to pee” sticked to my mind. Once we crossed the city limits and headed towards the residential district, her seat belt was off, and she curled onto the seat. Just as we entered the colony, Nihita bit her lips, took a deep breath and sat into her seat properly. Her face contorted with all the efforts.

“STOP! STOP! STOP!” Nihita pleaded.

As soon as I pulled over, she got down from the car and slammed the door. Her hands flew down to her crotch doing a full-blown pee dance. She swore some of the unholiest words as she dialled someone on her phone. “Sobhita! I’m almost home!” Nihita didn’t realize I could hear her voice, albeit faintly. What followed, was really entertaining.

“I know I was not supposed to stop before reaching but you didn’t respond to any of my texts.”

. . .

“What do you mean you didn’t understand? I don’t type very well when I AM THIS FULL!”

. . .

"No, he cannot hear me. I'm standing outside the car at the rear.” I figured she didn’t want me to see or hear her. But I had put the car on reverse and the camera allowed me to feast my eyes on her squirming.

. . .

“Dee! Can’t you just help me for one day? Its been 18 hours!” Nihita’s voice was rising with anger.

. . .

“I know you are holding it too and you still won’t go! Don’t rub it my face every time.”

. . .

“EXCUSE ME! It was you who sent me out to the airport. I missed my schedule because of that. It’s not my fault!” Nihita’s legs were crossed tight. “Okay okay! You win! I will hold somehow hold it somehow!” She hung up the phone.

I hurriedly put the car back into neutral and took my hand away from my crotch. My heart was pounding with a concoction of nervousness, excitement, and arousal. “Everything OK?” I tried to act nonchalantly.

“I am pissed off.” Nihita turned towards me trying her best to keep her hands from clutching herself. “I missed my only chance to pee today because of Sobhita and now she tells me that its my fault for not reaching home in time.”

“Strict bathroom rules, I suppose?” I asked. I too was raised under the same disciplinarian schedule. “I can understand.” I tried to console her.

“I don’t mind holding it. . . In fact, I love holding it, but I got a little careless today. I could have peed earlier in the day, but I over-estimated my capacity.” She paused for a second. “If my parents find out that I am taking to a guy I just met about holding and stuff, I swear they would kill me.” Nihita pouted while showing me her bladder bulge.

“Is Sobhita also in the same situation, just like you?” I was intrigued.

“Jeez you can’t ask me something like that about my sister!” Nihita playfully punched me.

As we entered thought the grand metal gate, “A tip of advice - DO NOT ASK anyone at home for a toilet. They take holding very VERY seriously”. Nihita warned as I drove ahead.

Dinner As we stepped out of the car, Sobhita’s family nearly drowned me with greetings and garlands. Eavesdropping the phone call had left me flustered and horny, but gravity reminded me of the bucket load of piss I was holding in. I could barely make out their faces as I struggled to maintain my composure. But more than all this what shocked me was Nihita’s absolute change in demeanour. Minutes ago, she was bobbing up and down, as if her bladder could explode any second and now, she behaved as if she didn’t need to go at all empty. The only giving sign was her sweaty forehead and the huge bulge in her bladder.

As we made our way inside, Sobhita's father chatted with me about various topics. Sobhita’s mother on the other hand took Nihita inside hurriedly. I tried my best to engage in the conversation, but my mind was still re-playing the entire conversation over and over again. I could feel my dick throbbing with arousal and rising pressure. I thought of unbuttoning my jeans quietly under my shirt, but suddenly I heard a new voice calling my name. Within a blink of any eye, my dick got even harder. I had never felt so turned on just by listening to my name. I raised my head up and found a goddess standing in front of me. Okay – not a literal goddess, but a young lady who was no less than a goddess.

“I’m Sobhita. I’m sorry I couldn’t come to receive you earlier.” Her voice was so husky and seductive. She was draped in a saree. I was mesmerized by her perfect black hair, dark brown eyes and a tightly squeezed pair of boobs, under a tiny little blouse. I thought Nihita had the biggest boobs I had seen but Sobhita outdid Nihita by leaps and bounds. seemed to outdo her in every aspect. Everything about her was so elegant, so fluidic - Be it the way she offered me water or helped me take my jacket off. I really couldn’t say that she was 30 as my father told.

I greeted her back and tried to make small talk with her as she served dinner. I was relieved to have something to take my mind off the discomfort. But as I ate, I could feel my bladder throw tantrums again. The water was making its way down. I tried to subtly shift in my seat to ease the tension, but it was no use. The moment I realized Sobhita was watching me intently, I stopped any movements whatsoever and held my breath to calm my dick down.

As dinner ended, Sobhita showed me the room for the night. I followed her over the staircase ogling at her impossibly curvaceous figure.

“This used to be my room earlier, but we turned it into a guestroom during renovations. This is your room for the night! The bathroom inside does not have a WC though, I’m sure you won’t need it.” Sobhita stated plainly.

“Of course! I can easily manage.” I thanked her with a panic-stricken voice.

“Manage?” She raised her brows. “I expected more of a . . . Never mind.” I could sense disappointment in her voice.

“You expected more of a - -?” I asked. My body arching forward as my bladder shot a particularly strong spasm down through my pee hole.

“I don’t need one.” She calmly said and bade me goodnight.

I was taken aback by her gesture. Just like Nihita said earlier, Sobhita did seem to take holding very seriously and I was expected to do so as well. Perhaps that was a test of endurance that I HAD to pass in order to marry her.

Waterfall I never realized when I fell asleep. And somehow, my bladder expanded overnight accommodating all the fluids from the day. The stinging pressure waves were replaced by a dull but manageable ache. I freshened up and went downstairs, albeit slowly so as to not jolt my bladder.

Sobhita was sitting in the porch swing, sipping fruit juice from a huge jar, and talking to someone. I couldn't help but admire her beauty. Today she was dressed in a beautiful crimson saree and an extremely fitting blouse. Her boobs threatened to tear the seams apart. She was even more beautiful in the morning light, and I felt myself becoming more and more smitten by her. Nihita was seated right next to her wearing an eye-wateringly tight salwar suit. It was easy to tell that she had not relieved herself. Her legs were crossed tight a pretzel, body glistening with sweat and a rigid posture.

But I was hooked to Sobhita. I was trying to understand if she too needed to pee. I was looking for any signs whatsoever, but I could not figure it out from afar. The only sign was her legs being crossed tightly or so it appeared under the saree. I felt frustrated with the way she had draped it around herself, hiding her bladder underneath. I didn’t hear a single flush ever since I reached their place the previous night. I assumed she must have been relieved herself before my arrival or perhaps she was holding it since last evening too.

I was yearning to find out but lo and behold! A shock awaited me as I made my way to the porch. My parents had arrived in the wee hours of the morning. They shot me a death glare as I took a seat next to them. “Why did you not tell me you guys were joining too? I thought I was just supposed to meet Sobhita, take her out and that was it.” I whispered to my dad. My dad smiled to all the members present there, before pulling me the side.

“That’s not how Indian marriages work! Both sides meet and only then the guy and the girl are allowed to go out together.” His grip tightening around my arm. “And what was all about last night? I heard from Sobhita’s mother that you said you could ‘somehow Manage’ without a toilet. – It’s a sign of weakness! You could have said you didn’t need a toilet at all and actually act like a man!”

“All right Dad enough!” I pulled away my arm only to upset my bladder. “Sobhita is not even holding it, just look at her. She is perfectly relaxed as opposed to Nihita!”

“Nihita is still young and needs a lot of training – just like you I suppose. And as far as Sobhita is concerned, you have no clue at all!” He backfired and took us back to the porch where we finished the rest of the breakfast.

When we returned to the porch, Sobhita came up with a plan to visit a famous waterfall with both the families and return by the evening. The waterfall had a religious significance and taking a bath underneath before starting any auspicious activity would bring good fortune. My jaws were on the ground. I was not prepared – this was not a part of the plan at all. My bladder seared with pain. As much as I loved the feeling of being under such a tremendous pressure, all this family drama was making me nervous and more desperate by the minute. I was holding it for 36 hours now and had chugged over 4 liters of fluids easily.

“Will you be all right till we return?” My mother asked Sobhita as if she knew something which I didn’t. She hesitated for a second as she looked at her mother, who in turn signalled her to answer in an affirmative.

“Rest assured Aunty! I will be just fine. We have been raised to be proper at all times.” Sobhita said gently nursing her bladder. Her mother caught a glimpse of her inadvertent fault and frowned upon it. She asked her house help to refill her jug with juice. It was a tense moment and could be understood only by someone with trained eyes, like me. I saw Sobhita was tightly gripping the seat of the swing, as she started sipped away the entire jar in one go.

Right after breakfast, Sobhita asked me to drive, making sure everyone heard her. “Rex, do you mind driving us to the spot?” I reluctantly accepted the keys of the car and caught a hint of relief wash over her face.

“Dee” Nihita whispered to Sobhita, just as she was about to step in the car. “Don’t be a fool! You have been skipping all your pees and Mother just made you drink two jars of juice. This trip is a suicide. Just go now before you guys hit the road – I will cover for you!”. I fiddled with the car dashboard pretending not to hear them.

“Shut the fuck up Nihita! You’re not making it any easier by reminding me about it. It took me a hell lot of trouble to convince Mom to allow you to stay back so that you can piss in peace. If she catches us talking about this, you and I both will be screwed. . .” Sobhita paused to calm herself. “Listen, I’m very uncomfortable, but I can and must control myself like a lady. No matter what how big the lake inside me grows!” Believe me, hearing Sobhita’s word, I could have shot a load or two inside my pants. “How much is she really holding!” I yearned to know.

Soon we were on the road with Sobhita in the seat adjacent to me. I caught her mince slightly as she put on the seat belt. Our mothers were in the middle row and the fathers in the last row of the car. I drove away, with my hands tightly gripping the steering wheel. 40 hours’ worth of piss sloshed inside me. I tried my best to focus on the road ahead, but my mind kept wandering to my bladder and hers. I quickly glanced at Sobhita and found her already sipping a can of juice. As soon as one got over her mother passed her another one. I just couldn’t wrap my head around this blatant display. On one hand she mentioned she was uncomfortable and on the other hand she chugged can after can. Sobhita was full of mystery. No wonder there was a tent in my pant.

“You should slow down on the juices, Sobhita.” My mother whispered to her, genuinely worried. “It’s OK aunty, I live with WAYYY more than this, inside me every day.” I could see a glint of joy in my mother’s eyes, as if she had already found herself the perfect daughter-in-law.

A little later, I turned the AC temperature further lower as all the sweating annoyed me. Little did I know that the AC would do the trick. As soon as the cabin became colder, I saw her grit her teeth and gulp down her throat. Her legs started bobbing up and down albeit slowly but definitely. Her seating became more rigid as if she was subconsciously trying to give more room for her bladder to expand. An hour later she even refused to take any more cans of juice. My mother ordered me to finish them, much to my dismay.

3 hours later, we reached the destination. The waterfall was pretty far but we could still hear it’s thunderous sound. My bladder was screaming. Thanks to my mother’s order I consumed 3 full cans of juice on top of all the water already coursing in my system. It was physically painful to stand up straight but each time I looked at Sobhita somehow seemed unfazed. Perhaps, getting out of the car, away from the AC helped her re-gain control. Her parents insisted Sobhita to show us around. For someone holding a bladder that full, Sobhita still guided us without any hesitation. But something didn’t feel right. Were her steps getting shorter? Or was she stopping more often on the pretext of clicking photos? Why was one of her fists clenched tightly? I was watching her like a hawk. To the unversed, she would have looked like she was feeling uneasy, not like someone who had been battling her bladder, for God knows how long!

By 2pm in the afternoon, both our parents finally decided it was time to enter the waterfall to purify themselves. It was a ritual they wanted to follow before entering the temple. My fists were tightly closed turning my knuckles white. Sobhita on the other hand, was gently swaying her hips from side to side. No matter how good she was at hiding it from others I could see the panic rising in her eyes. Imagine that you are about to lose control and instead of going to the toilet your taken to a mammoth sized waterfall. It was driving us crazy but we had to pretend to be strong and calm. Just as we neared the dreaded waterfall, her mother came running and took Sobhita to the side. Me being me, stepped closer to them every time they were not looking at me.

“You are going to stay out and you know why! I don’t want you to give you a chance of wetting yourself under the water.” Her mother said sternly.

“Mother! Please trust me! I know I showed momentary weakness earlier, but I understand that I cannot let my silly bodily needs come in the way of our pride. I will expect you to be just as tough with me.” Her mother seemed pleased with her. She kissed Sobhita on her forehead and hobbled towards the waterfall.

“Hey!” I approached Sobhita after her mother left. “All OK with you guys?”

“Yes. Never been better.” She lied through her teeth.

“I assumed you would join the others in the waterfall. Thought you loved it?”

“I love it, but right now I just want to go away from here”.

“Me too Sobhita, me too!” I said with a strained voice. She immediately looked at me with suspicion in her eyes.“We haven’t had a chance to talk much since I arrived”. I covered up quickly.

“Rex,” She said trying to keep her voice as calm as possible “All I can say is my mind is a little pre-occupied at the moment but its good to have your company.” I could see her getting antsy.

“Can I help you with it?”

“Like I said, I just want to go away from the waterfall. Anywhere but the waterfall!” Sobhita’s control seemed to slip now and so was mine. Pee rushed to the tip of my hole threatening to come out. My gut ached. It was not possible for me to clench any harder. We slowly started to walk back towards the car when her heel got stuck, and she lost her balance. I sprang in my action and caught her in my arms. But what happened next dropped my jaws to the ground!

One of my hands was right on her bladder. My eyes widened in disbelief when I sensed its contour. Had my eyes been closed, I could have mistaken it for a massive bowling ball. I had never felt anything like that before. In comparison my bladder felt miniscule. The sudden jerk may have made her bladder revolt angrily. She shut her eyes tight and pursed her lips, in an attempt to hold back the tidal wave of piss rushing to her pee hole. Her nails dug into my arms. She froze in an awkward position for nearly a minute before getting back up. But once she opened her eyes, her demeanour changed as if nothing happened. Her body was drenched with sweat though.

“Was that your bladder Sobhita?” I found myself asking, simply unable to bear the suspense anymore. She looked at me with vapid eyes, nodding in affirmation.

“How is it so big? You must be absolutely brimming for a relief.”

“Rex let’s just say I am a little full at the moment but nothing I cannot handle. It’s been only 45 hours yet.” She responded straightforwardly. “I am not even thinking of a bathroom right now even though my bladder is complaining about needing one.”

“You’re incredible. I have never met any girl as strong as you, ever in my life!” I found myself gushing compliments as arousal replaced my intense urge to pee.

“Well, I am a lady, Rex. Girls need relief but not me. I can simply control such things as I was raised that way.”

“Yes, my lady, I just hope this secret just remains between us.”

“It will.” She gave me a genuine ear-to-ear smile, “But only if you can keep up with me.”

That was just the beginning. I didn’t know if she liked me or not, but I felt strongly attracted to her. But the ordeal was far from over. Sudden rains on our way back, made it one hell of a challenge for me at least. My bladder was severely overworked even though it was corked up for the same duration as hers. Unlike her, even a roadside tree would be able to tell that my bladder was going to explode if another ml of pee tried to enter it. I could literally taste pee at the back of my tongue. My lower back ached as if someone hit it with hammer. The only thing which prevented an outburst were her words, “Keep up with me”.

Sobhita on the other hand remained poised as ever. The bulge in her abdomen though had grown to such proportions that even the cleverly draped saree could no longer hide it. I simply couldn’t fathom how she continued to talk normally to everyone in the car and chug everything that her mother gave her, on the pretext of maintaining hydration. She gave me a knowing look every time she gulped down fluids. Her eyes told me that she was battling some of the most intense waves there was. But she didn’t utter an “Uff” throughout the return journey. She truly was a Goddess, who’s bladder of steel contained a dam of hot piss for over 2 days now. How she appeared to not let it show on her face, would remain a mystery to me. I was determined to find it out and couldn’t wait for the next meeting.

House Hunting Three weeks since passed since our First Meeting. I and Sobhita had exchanged phone numbers and were in constant touch. Though she never openly spoke once about her holding adventures. On the other hand, I had been regularly stretching myself to pee only once every 2 days since then. It was excruciating and exhausting, but I wanted Sobhita in my life – come what may!

On a long weekend, I flew to my hometown to spend time with my parents. I was very excited to show them that I was putting efforts into becoming a proper man, just like they wanted me to be. I landed with what I would say a ticking time bomb in my bladder. I was confident that my parents would appreciate me for finally getting my act together. My bladder was swollen nicely and showed from underneath my jeans.

My plan was to reach home, have a nice refreshing breakfast, without mentioning anything about needing to pee and let my bladder do the talking. Then I would go to the bathroom as if it was nothing and finally enjoy an orgasmic relief. But fate had some other plans for me. The shoe stand near the main door had a pair of exceptionally high heels. I distinctly remember them – they were Sobhita’s! My heart started racing.

“Could it really be her? What the hell is she doing here? Would I be able to go if she’s actually here? Would she make fun of me because of my bulge?” There was a whirlwind of questions in my mind. Before I could process this pleasant shock, the door opened.

“Hi Rex! How are you?” Sobhita greeted me with a warm smile. I was instantly hard. For the first time, I was seeing her in a salwar suit. Her massive rack refused to stay contained in that tight constrictive layer of cloth. It heaved up and down as she breathed. The rest of her attire was flowy and breezy. And as always, I still could not see any bulge, much to my dismay.

“I – I’m good. I didn’t expect you to be here.” I tried to sound as calm as possible.

“You look nervous.” She squinted her eyes taking a good look at me from head to toe and especially my bladder bulge. She bit her lip and gave me a knowing look. I could see she was trying hard to supress a smile.

“It’s nothing – nothing at all.” I lied and came in. My mother and Sobhita exchanged knowing looks. I hurriedly went to my room. I grabbed my dick as tight as I could. The piss wanted out NOW! I was panicking. I know my parents would kick me out if they heard me take a piss while in Sobhita’s presence. The WC was just a few feet away. I glanced in the room to help me find anything to take the edge off, just when my eyes fell on some colourful items in the laundry bag.

I approached it with curiosity and found that it was filled Sobhita’s clothes, a few of her thongs. I greedily picked them up and smelled them. There was an unmistakable smell of pee and a faint pee stain on each of them. “She must have been truly at her limits” I thought to myself and entered the bathroom. I turned on the faucet to wash my face, only to see that the WC was splashed with drops of water and the flush tank was filling up. “Sobhita peed!” I deduced in astonishment. She was not immune to peeing after all or so I thought.

I was tempted to release the gusher I was building for over 40 hours now. With great determination, I resisted the temptation and asked out of the room, even though the insides of my bladder were burning.

“Thank you so much for your understanding Aunty!” I heard Sobhita speak to my Mom.

“We all have our limits dear; I understand.” My mother calmed her.

“So, what brings you here Sobhita?” I started, with a hand inadvertently resting on my bladder.

“I got a job in the city, and it starts in two weeks. I thought of finding a place to rent.” Sobhita said. Her husky voice mixed with her confidence was such a turn on for me.

“Why don't you go out with her and find one?” My Mom yelled back from the kitchen. And thus, after the breakfast loaded with juices, we both stepped out. Upon her insistence I took my bike reluctantly. Getting astride the bike almost tore my muscles. I never hated the sporty stance of it more. But it had its own advantage too. Sobhita had to lean on my back to prevent from falling down. Her firm silicone globes squished against my back every time I braked.

Though, as we sped away there was one more thing that I felt squeezing against my lower back. It felt the same hard and warm ball which I felt during our first meeting. At first I ignored it, dismissing it as my wishful thinking but the ball stayed and made its presence felt. “How is this possible?” I thought to myself. She had just peed. She was thanking my mother as well. How could she have such a gigantic bulge already? I brushed it off just as my overactive imagination. I didn’t say anything to her and neither did she complain against my hard braking. In fact I felt she clutched me tighter. I was having a sitting hard on.

We soon reached a real estate agency and began house hunting for her. We were welcomed with a team lemonade and air conditioned room. I kept an eye on her body language as she explained her requirements to the agent. Third time she didn't even register the AC freezing us. I on the other hand couldn’t stop shifting in my seat. It I didn’t concentrate a leak was imminent. I couldn’t pay any heed to the conversation and thus it came as a shock to me when she agreed to check out all the available apartment right then. I was hoping more of a virtual tour.

“Right now?” I exclaimed.

“Is that a problem Rex?” Sobhita asked with frowned brows.

“No…I mean I was worried about. . .” I pointed towards her bladder.

“Rex, there’s one thing one thing you should know – I am above all such needs and I would appreciate if you could treat me accordingly.” I could sense a bit of anger in her voice.

“Hey, I didn’t mean to offend you”.

“Well, you did already! But I understand why would you think so, given how our last meeting went.” She uncrossed her legs and chugged the glass of water kept in front of her, as if to prove her point. “However, today I am as good as empty!” Given my own eye wateringly desperate situation, I was unable to process how could she be empty and yet have such a hard bladder bulge underneath. “Am I hallucinating!” I thought to myself.

Soon we started off from the agent’s office house hunting for her throughout the city. We just had a few hours before her return flight in the evening. So, we had just a few hours in our hands. But my bladder seemed to have a mind of its own. It was hell bent to interfere with my cognitive functions. With every bump I could feel my bladder bounce inside me causing tremors of vibrations to hit my dick internally. On top of that, my boon became a bane. My bike had a sporty stance.

So, Sobhita leaned on my back throughout the ride, holding me tightly by my waist for support. If my bladder were a balloon, it would have popped then and there. My body shuddered every time I had to brake, raise, stop, alight or even breath. I HAD TO PEE! I WAS BURSTING! Keeping the handle steady seemed an impossible task especially when she kept reminding me to drive a little faster. In the next 3 or 4 hours we visited 9 different apartments. Each time we met the owner, they would offer us something or the other to drink, understandably so, because it was sweltering outside. And Sobhita happily chugged each glass so eagerly, as if it was a sport to fill your bladder rapidly.

“Thank you so much Aunty”.

“My throat is dry as a desert”.

“I feel refreshed now”.

“Nothing better than a glass of lemonade”

For me though, each glass of liquid acted like a blow of hammer to my ballooned bladder. 9 tall glasses of water were too much of an intake for a regular person on a regular day. Not for me. I was beyond frantic, and I couldn’t even enjoy the thrill of having made it so long without a break. 44 hours was already a challenge for me, and this additional water was breaking me down. I could feel my bladder muscles tearing from inside. I looked at Sobhita. She maintained her graceful presence. At that point in time I couldn’t even figure out if she was showing any signs of needing it. Everything was a blur to me. I tried holding the glass tight, but my hands trembled, and I spilled some water.

“Rex! What’s wrong?!” She elbowed me hitting me right on my bladder. I yelped in pain.

“Don’t tell me you need to go already! Your bladder is still soft?” She looked at me like a strict teacher.

“Of. Of course. I just feel bloated with so much water.” I made an excuse which was true to some extent.

“No problem!” She said and in one big swig she downed her glass of water as well as mine. My eyes almost popped out in astonishment. She totalled 11 glasses of water and yet there were no obvious signs 9f needing to go. Just casually crossed legs and arms folded across her chest. I envied her willpower so much.

“I love this place”, Sobhita turned to the agent.

“Are you sure Ma’am? There are issues with the water supply to the WC. There are recurring issues with the STP”.

“So what?”

“I mean, you really won’t have anywhere to go ..if you know what I mean” The agent tried to reason. “The rent is the lowest here though. If you can pay extra to me I will ensure that the supply is fixed”

“No, I don't need a WC, honestly. This condo meets all my requirements, and the rent fits my budget. If all I have to do is not go to the bathroom, in exchange of all the other amenities, I would happily do so. I anyways never need one”.

The agent was shocked, but she anyways closed the deal. Once the agent left, I gasped with discomfort. She came to me, asking if I were OK. I nodded in affirmation and insisted that we return home. 46 hours had passed since my last relief and perhaps 8 hours for her. My balls, my dick and my lower back felt as if a swarm of hornets had attacked them. I had to pause myself , home my breath before getting astride on the bike. My muscles were being pulled apart as my legs parted. And then she got on the bike, putting additional load on me. I had tears in my eyes. I could feel that bulge in her bladder had grown considerably but I brushed it off imagining it to be her bloated belly. My mind was simply too overworked to calculate her volume or scale of desperation. We reached home around half an hour later.

“Rex you need to drive a little faster from next time. We were hardly a mile away from here and it took half an hour. I could have missed my return flight you know.”

If only she knew how long have, I been holding for, perhaps she would have shown some compassion. I didn’t that she was scolding me, having peed just in the morning. I couldn’t answer her though. I was at the last reserves of my strength. I was dreading the stairs, but I had no choice. I took a deep breath and started climbing, with her in front of me. After a step or two, a devastatingly strong wave hit me, that I nearly tripped. This time though, she caught me from falling and my swollen bladder landed in he palm.

“You’re so hard down there already.. Will you be able to hold it, or should I ask Aunty to let you use the bathroom?” She asked. My predicament reminded her of her own needs, albeit not so devastatingly urgent. I couldn’t say whether she genuinely wanted to help me or if it was a tease.

“I... I don’t need Mom to tell me whether I can relieve myself or not. I will h-hold it!” My voice betraying my façade of bravery.

“Really, will you?” My mother suddenly opened the door and signalled Sobhita to give us some privacy. She at once nodded and started walking towards my room. Her stance was arched forward and walk stiff. For a moment I felt as if she was relieved that she could get some privacy. But what happened instead blew my mind.

“Wait here till I come back.” Mom warned me and went to Sobhita.

“Darling are you all right? Feel at home and if you want you can use the bathroom before we start for the airport. I will not say anything to your family” Mom whispered to her.

“Oh no! Not at all Aunty! I am super-comfortable in holding it. It’s what a lady is supposed to do.”

“Are you sure? Your mother told me on phone that you have been training yourself very hard since our first meet. You have held it longer than we expected. I’m must say I’m impressed.”

“Oh why! Thank you Aunty.” Sobhita blushed. “Aunty – may I ask you something though?” My mother eagerly nodded. “Would you really like if I used your bathroom?”

I could see tears of happiness in Mom’s eyes. “If you ask me, I will prefer you to somehow just hold it in. It suits you. But I don’t want to impose anything. . .”

“Say no more Aunty! That’s what I wanted to hear.” Sobhita interrupted, her hips swaying from side to side. “I have never relieved myself outside home and neither will I, today. And I promise you, you will never see me going to the bathroom.” She hugged my Mom tight and went to my room, where Mom made her stay arrangements. Yes, you guessed it right, I was supposed to sleep on the couch.

“When will you learn Rex?” Mom came back to me at the door, “Have we not taught you that it’s very impolite to show your needs to a lady!” My mother pulled me away into her bedroom and locked the door.

“Mom! Do you have any clue how much have I been holding. 48 hours’ worth of pee and I still downed 9 glasses of water in the last 4 hours over what I already drank! I am still dry… Can you appreciate me for once?” I scoffed at her. My body was on overdrive, muscles quivering with this sudden commotion.

“Really! YOU ARE HOLDING? Do you have any clue what’s her situation? Do you any clue how what a dangerously full she is!” She continued yelling at me. “You are whining at merely 48 hours and here she is containing all of it for the nearly 2 and a half days without a flinch!”

“What fullness are you talking about Mom? She peed right before I came home!”

“No, she didn’t! What makes you say that Rex?”

“Mom! Did you see that laundry bag! She left her pee-stained under-wears in it and the flush was getting filled when I went it. . .” Bam! That was it.

“First – the flush was getting refilled because the house-help cleaned the bathroom just a few minutes ago before you arrived.” Mom was furious. “SECONDLY – You check out a girl’s underwear just because it’s in your laundry bag! I NEVER REALIZED THAT YOU WERE SUCH A PERVERT!” A chill went down my spine realizing what a blunder I made. “Those clothes were not hers or from anyone her but . . . It doesn’t matter. What matters is SHE DIDN’T PEE ONCE SINCE SHE CAME HERE!”

“Mom! I – I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean it that way”.

“Too late son! I am going to ask her parents to find someone else for her. You don’t deserve her. She holds such high regards for you. Even though she teases you here and there, she thinks that you are such a strong man. But what did you do? Fiddle with the underwear! Shameless brat!”

I kept pleading Mom to give me a chance to apologize but she turned deaf ears to it. I was locked in the room by Mom and soon she and Sobhita left for the airport, while I continued to squirm and fight with my bladder, which could literally explode any second. I knew Sobhita was beyond my reach now. But I liked her – liked so much. I behaved like a jerk and now the onus was on me to prove my mettle. Would I be able to prove it to her? Or would she reject me for being such a pathetic loser?

- - - To be Continued - - -

*085*2023-12-10 15:44

{{41 minutes ago, Resch said:

Absolutely amazing story. I love all of your stories but especially the ones with male and female desperation. I'm looking forward for part 3.

}}

You just made my day! Getting to know what the readers feel is so satisfying.

I just completed the 2nd part today. I had posted it earlier with this story too but the images didn't come properly so I removed it. Will try again tomorrow....

Thank you so much for your encouragement. Stay tuned.

*087*2023-12-11 02:01

{{5 hours ago, LOLC2k said:

Well written, though I'm not a fan of male desperation personally. I'm glad you're writing what you love, though, that's what is most important!

}}

Yes. I thought, why not cover male and female desperation both. It will be enjoyable for those who are into it.

Thank you so much for the compliments. I am striving to write better and better every time. If there is anything which you feel I must improve, please tell me.

*090*2023-12-11 02:40

{{2 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I don't like male desperation either. But I continue to read the story just for the female desperation.

}}

I hope you enjoy the female desperation parts of the story. Do tell me what you found the best and the worst in the story, excluding the male desperation. I would love to know.

