Rexone Story Commissions - Page 4

Author: Rexone_312

*091*2023-12-11 16:37

As promised , here's the 2nd part of the story. Watch the drama and tension unfold.

Part 2 of 3:

The Handcuff to Redemption My life took a turn south since the embarrassing episode with Sobhita. A few months passed between the last time I saw Sobhita. She blocked me everywhere, WhatsApp, email, social media – EVERYWHERE! I was laid off from work. My parents stopped talking to me. Heck! When I returned to my city, my parents asked didn’t allow me in my own home. I had to rent out a small apartment. It was a dark phase for me.

One evening, I went to a pub. It was a Friday evening and they had arranged for a Bladder Burst event. Those events where they handcuff you to a table and supply unlimited beer till you need to go to the bathroom. Despite all the negativity around I never stopped my habit of holding my pee. Perhaps that was the only thing that have me some semblance of control on my life. Hardly 5 pints later, I could sense pee either at the tip of my dick and I called in for the bouncer to unlock my handcuff. That’s when I heard a commotion from the other corner of the hall. A guy was arguing with a girl.

“I dint believe it... You drank 3 pints, and you still don’t need to go?!” He seemed furious. I chuckled at it and proceeded to go out till I heard him tell again. “You’re a cheat Sobhita! No girl can hold that long!” I stopped in my tracks and rushed to the table. Sobhita was trying to talk him out but the moron with stop. He was unchained and couldn’t even stand still. “If your bladder is tiny and ego is fragile, that’s not my problem.” Sobhita calmly countered that guy. Her words triggered him so much that he almost hit her.

“THAT’S IT BC!” I landed a punch on his face. The next moment the guy was on the floor. Within seconds there was a small puddle on the floor. He lost control of his tiny 1-pint full bladder. The bouncers had to intervene the ruckus and threw him out. I was next. As the bouncer lifted me mid-air, I called her out, “Sobhita, please let me speak to you. For the last time at least!” She considered my request, albeit with reluctance and asked the bouncers to leave me with her. “Though I could have handled him on my own, thank you for standing by me.” She asked me to sit next to her. I was nervous, happy, and horny all at one instant. I don’t know why but every time I looked at her, my body somehow pumped all my blood to my dick.

“Sobhita... Thank you for letting me sit with you”, I began anxiously, pushing away all my horny thoughts to the back of my mind. “I tried contacting you several times, but you blocked me everywhere... I am sorry for what happened Sobhita.” As I spoke a waiter hand-cuffed me to the table again. More beer was served.

“Rex, I am not interested in your apology. I want to know what made you think that I would pee at your home? You really thought I would wet my underwear so easily? I was starting to like you and then your words dropped like a bomb. For me, if anyone underestimates my capacity it’s a deal breaker for me.” Her brows were furrowed and eyes staring into my soul.

“It was first thing that crossed my mind when I saw that wet... It’s only human. I don’t know what your true limits are or if you were at your limits. But I swear I never intended to underestimate you. That day even I was holding for close to 2 and a half days. I was resolved to not pee in front of you because I respect you”, I opened the can and passed it to her. “I know Mom told you everything and you think of me as a pervert, but I genuinely like you and want to man up for you.”

She accepted the beer, “No that’s where you went wrong. I don’t care if you sniff my underwear or fantasize with me. When it comes to me, I can hold as long as I want, and I want people to know that I am strong. As I speak with you, I want you to know that I am in total control despite all the beer, despite all the water that I had since the morning, despite these life-squeezing formals.” In a minute she downed the pint looking straight into my eyes. I followed suit.

Now, she was on her fourth and I was on my sixth. At that point my dick felt like a bee stung it. Her words gave me a brilliant idea though. I immediately signalled the waiter to bring me a beer tower. It was a gallon sized jar that came with a tap. I saw her eyes lit up. “Rex, I just told you that I am holding a lot. And you’re still asking for more beer.”, she raised her brows. “Isn’t this what you want – to be able to hold longer and drunk more? See, I get you. I want you to give me a chance to make things right.” I played my trump card.

“You really enjoy this don’t you?” She clasped the sides of the jar and inadvertently crossed her legs, albeit tightly. “I think this is too easy for you. And I also know how important it is for you to always hold it. Just like you even I have been training myself to hold my pee. I am fascinated by you and your capacity, and you can bet on me that I will push you hard, so hard it would be impossible for you to imagine. I genuinely want a second chance...” I blurted out.

“Well... You know what, I want a partner who thinks exactly like that and supports me. That guy who brought me here said he could hold with me. But 2 points down the table, he was shamelessly squirming. He yelled at me to go pee so that he could satisfy his ego of holding longer than me. All I want you is to forget that I have any limits. If you want to give this a shot, you must push me harder. We can spend the day together tomorrow where you have to convince me that you are the only one who can get close to breaking me.” She said plainly. “And of course, while you are pushing me, I expect you to hold with me.”

I gulped down my throat. My manhood was as stiff as steel and at the same time I had goosebumps all over my body. “Before I give my answer to you Sobhita, I want to know what you think of me beyond holding?”

“You will get that answer in due time. Right now, you should be happy knowing that I liked that you owned your mistake and that you are willing to push me harder. I wish you did that earlier...” She innocently smiled and filled the mugs. Soon another pint made its way to our bladders. “What do you mean?”

“You simply wrote or voice messages me – ‘please talk to me’, ‘let me speak to you’, and what not. You could have simply written me about your thoughts”, she gently held my hands. I was splitting at seams, honestly and all I could do was nod. “So, are you ready?” She finally smiled.

Brunch I emptied myself exactly at midnight, after returning from the pub. My eyes could pop out from the sockets with the pressure built up inside me. I wondered if Sobhita was still holding, or she peed too. Soon I dozed off dreaming about her. The next morning, I went for a jog as usual, skipping my morning pee. I had resolved myself that I would not pee that day or longer if need be. I had a slight bulge in my bladder, which told me that not my kidneys had not processed all the beer from last night. Anyway, I took a detour and passed through her area.

As I was crossing Sobhita’s apartment building, I saw her entering the lobby with an empty bucket in her hand. I didn’t think much of it, but it was uncharacteristic of her to step out just in an oversized tank top, and undies. The loose fabric of her top hung from her silicone globes and her abs looked absolutely flat. She has definitely taken a pee, I told myself and carried on with the remainder of my jog with a sly grin of my face. I had a 7-hour advantage on her.

After my breakfast, I sent her a text, “We are going to do a rapid hold today. You better arrive start tanking up - 2 litres minimum - I dare you.” Almost instantly, by phone buzzed with a notification. It was from Sobhita. As a guy, getting a reply that fast from a girl was no less than a high. The text read,

“What’s a rapid hold? BTW I am working through my 1st litre.”

“I will explain you at Brunch. See you at 12”, I quickly texted back. What worried me was that she was already beating me at it. Without a second thought, I chugged down an entire litre and cracked open the next one. Needless to say, my bladder was not very happy, but I remained firm. By the time I was supposed to step out, 2 litres were sloshing in my belly. I was not at my limits per se, but the pressure was definitely there.

We were supposed to meet at a plush café. I arrived first and they gave me a seat in the open yard. Fortunately, and unfortunately, it was hot. Even before she had arrived, I had downed a lemonade and got the same for her. 2.2 litres of water were being pumped into my organ. It was going to be a good challenge, I thought to myself. A little later she arrived. I had a swarm of butterflies in my stomach. I could never figure out how she managed to squeeze herself in such skin-tight clothes. She donned a high-waisted blue jeans coupled with a low-cut neon green crop top and matching heels. I had to dab my drool with a tissue as I saw her strut towards me. Slow motion in real life I tell you. As she came close, I hurriedly got up from my chair to pull a chair for her. She turned a blind eye to it and hastily downed the tall lemonade. “I am sorry. It’s just that I don’t feel anything yet.” She tried to explain her act while I still remained confused. “Sorry??”

“Rex, I have consumed 2 litres in the last 5 hours as you said but I still don’t feel anything.” She shook her hands in the air gesturing a 2 and 5 with her fingers.

“That’s a good thing, right?” I forced a smile. Unlike her, I was at a solid 6/10 already and the pressure was growing at a worrisome pace.

“It means I am dehydrated, Rex. That’s never a good thing.”

I pounced on the opportunity, “Keep sending the lemonades until we ask you to stop.” I instructed the waiter. As the waiter brought the refills she asked curiously “Now, tell me what’s a rapid hold, Rex?” A grin formed on my face. It was a dream come true to have the girl of my dreams asking about all this and also willing to do it. “If you still haven’t guessed – drink a ton of liquids in a very short time to get excruciatingly full and then endure as you would normally do. Do you think you will be able to take it?”

“Well, I must clarify a few things.” She took another swig at the new glass of lemonade. I followed suit. We both were at 2400 ml now. “I feel guilty when I am empty. I like being under control. Lastly – You will have to try really REALLY hard to break me!”

“Last night’s ‘Bladder Burst’ gave me this idea of doing a rapid hold. I reckon, given the gigantic bladder you have, even this rapid hold won’t have any effect on you.” I sighed. Her confidence was making me nervous.

“I don’t think I have a gigantic bladder. Just like any other person I too start feeling the pressure in a few hours. The only difference is that I simply don’t care. It’s my bladder’s job to hold it and I use it to its full potential.”

“Why would you say you don’t have a gigantic bladder? I have seen you continue to hold even beyond 2 full days!” I was astonished.

“THAT’S NOT ENOUGH! Anyone can hold it for 2 days. I want to have absolute mastery over my bladder. Just imagine, if monks can attain super high levels of control over their bodies, or Naga Sadhus who can live without food for days, I don’t see a reason why I shouldn’t be able to contain my waters to my fancies.”

“Going by that logic, rapid holds can make it difficult. Isn’t it?”

“I don’t know. It might be challenging, and I might even relish it. But it all depends on how hard you push me. This is a new challenge for me – I have always been religious about well-paced-hydration, but I have never tried combining rapid-volume and duration. It would be a great surprise Mom and Dad.”

“That’s interesting. If I may ask, how’s the new challenge going so far?” I tried my luck.

“I will let you guess. By the end of the day, I want you to estimate how full I am...” My heart was beating at the back of my throat. My boner could have torn away my jeans, I swear. The rest of the brunch was uneventful, and we left from there around 3pm. 6 glasses of lemonade were flowing to our bladders. I had a strong ache in my bladder. Rapid desperation was not my cup of tea, but I wanted to push myself for her. I cleared the bill trying to stand as normally as possible. I glanced at her. Her once flat belly was now replaced with a moderate bulge. Her legs were crossed casually and hands on her waist. 15 hours for me and 8 for her.

“Still feel dehydrated?” I playfully asked her.

“Oh, it’s long gone.. Right after the 2nd one”, she smiled at me and put her arm into mine as walked towards her car. Little did she realize how happy and horny I felt at that moment. The only thing that bugged me was her mobile. It kept buzzing every few minutes. I wished she kept it aside.

Car Shopping Sobhita unveiled her plan of getting herself a new car. So, our next destination was a car dealership. Watching her drive was a feast for my eyes. Every bump in the road made her boobs heave up and down. She followed it up by trying to pull her top to prevent any wardrobe malfunction. Second, the bulge in her belly was squeezed under the tight seat belt. Though she showed nothing on her face, she grabbed her thigh tightly with her hand.

Soon we reached the showroom. When Sobhita finally unbuckled her seat belt her face was awash with relief. As I was stepping outside the car, I saw her tug the vice-like waist band away from her belly. Her skin was bruised red. Once she was out of the car, her demeanour changed completely. She started walking towards the showroom as if nothing happened.

The insides of the showroom felt like mini-Antarctica. I clenched by butt and my manhood with all my might. The 6/10 suddenly shot up to 8/10. I found myself tapping my foot. Sobhita on the other hand had goosebumps even on her face. She stood with her folded arms. In a moment’s notice her nose and ears turned red. I wondered how her bladder was faring. “W-why is it so cold?” She asked the salesgirl who came to us. I could see Sobhita subtly squirm. “The remote has malfunctioned and we are unable to raise the temperature Ma’am”, the salesgirl profusely apologised. “Could you get us something hot to drink?” I asked the salesgirl. Soon I and Sobhita had a tall cup of black tea in our hand. She finished it in no time and asked for another. I kept a close eye on her intake. But she seemed to be the least bothered about it. I made sure to keep up with her and asked for a refill too. In the back of my mind, I was worried if I would be able to hold it in if I kept drinking at that rate.

The next hour was spent in checking out the collection of cars they had. It meant lots of bending to step in and out of the car. Lots of walking and talking. All while we kept chugging the deliciously warm tea. Around 5pm, 17 hours for me and 10 for her, I saw Sobhita standing with her hands on her waist. Her body slightly arched forward and face glistening with sweat. Literally a gallon of liquid was pushing against our control.

“Ma’am, if you need to use the restroom its right there”, the salesgirl pointed towards it.

“What made you say that?” Sobhita brows were furrowed.

“Oh.. It’s cold in here plus you had tea, so I suggested”, the salesgirl nervously responded. When I glanced at her, I realised that she herself was squirming. Her face was flustered. She kept shuffling her legs and changed her standing positions.

“Sobhita”, I whispered, “Looks like she herself needs to go and is embarrassed to admit.” Sobhita’s eyes lit up. To my surprise, Sobhita asked the girl to take her to the restroom. The salesgirl wasted no time and immediately escorted Sobhita towards the ladies room. She was seemingly at the end of her tether while Sobhita followed her with a slightly rigid gait. My heart sank. I couldn’t believe that Sobhita would be tempted to relieve herself so easily. But this time I chose not to say anything and witness the scene.

A few minutes later they both emerged from the restroom. The salesgirl was visibly relieved. Her face was no longer red or sweaty. Sobhita on the other hand seemed a little quieter. The liquid was catching up with her. The bulge was much bigger now. The buttons on her jeans were stretching the holes, the zip was fighting with it’s life to not tear open. I could clearly see the contour of her bubble butt change every time she clenched.

As were leaving from the dealership with brochures and all, the salesgirl whispered to Sobhita. “Ma’am, I know I shouldn’t be asking this but why didn’t you use the restroom? Did you find it dirty or something?”

“Don’t worry dear! I can control myself as long as I want,” Sobhita’s nonchalant response left the salesgirl and me, dumbfounded.

Desperate Games “Hey Rex”, Sobhita suddenly threw the keys of her car to me, “drive us to the multiplex”. I was resisting a gallon trying to erupt from my dick and here I had to act strong. I smiled and got in. A sharp wave rushed to the tip as I fastened the seat belt. Sobhita on the other hand, arched her body forward, forming an arc shaped hollow space between the seat and her lower back.

“Sobhitaaaaaa”, I teased her, “All OK?”

“Shut up Rex!” She tucked away the sweaty strands of hair behind her ear. “I don’t need to pee at all...”

“When did I ever ask about peeing? I was referring to your weirdly contorted sitting position.” I tried to poke fun at her, but her glare was scary enough to put me on back foot.

“Just kidding...”, I quickly tried to change the subject, “So Sobhita, time for quick feedback. You asked me to push you hard. How am I doing?”

A naughty smile formed on her lips. It was a kind of smile I was seeing for the first time. She slowly uncrossed her tightly clad legs and turned towards me. I caught her wince for a microsecond as the belt dug further into her swollen bladder. “You need to try HARDER”, she leaned closer to me and whispered into my ear, with a husky voice. I almost hit the car in front. All the pee pressure was replaced by some other kind of pressure. She gently brushed her fingers on my instant boner in my pant. “I did not ask you to get hard. I said do HARDER!”. When my drool fell on my shirt, she burst into laughter. “It’s so easy to get you horny!” She was red faced. No amount of covering up was going to take away the fact that she touched my dick.

“You have so many layers Sobhita.. I am”, I took a deep breath. “I am excited to explore more.”

“I look forward to it.” Suddenly a nasty pothole sent her bladder quaking. She pursed her lips and closed her eyes shut. Her nails dug into her thighs as she tried to absorb the wave. The rapid hold was catching up with her, rather worse than she anticipated. But she was in no mood to give up. “What I meant was.. You need to make it more d-difficult for me. This is too-too easy” I couldn’t believe what I heard. She stuttered – for the FIRST TIME EVER. This was an uncharted territory. A current of excitement ran through my body. I clenched my dick trying to plot my next move to break her.

As we entered the humongous shopping mall, an idea struck me. “Let’s go to the gaming arcade Sobhita, instead of the movie.” I proposed.

“What? Why?”, I could sense her hesitation.

“Is there any problem Sobhita? Or is the rapid hold catching up with you?”, I teased her.

“Oh, please Rex! I practically held more than this when I was in school. I will manage…”

“So, you do admit that you’re under pressure… that’s disappointing. I thought you would say ‘YOU FEEL NOTHING’”. I was trying to get on her nerves - despite the risk of rupturing my own bladder and our equation.

“No… that’s not what I meant Rex”, she bit her tongue.

“Too late… I know your secret now. Get ready to be PUSHED!”

The next few hours were absolute chaos. I bought the ultra-pass for both of us, which had unlimited games, unlimited food, and most importantly unlimited cold-drink refills. The premise was simple - we compete in the games, whoever lost had to chug the entire large cold-drink. Unfortunately for us, each of the game required us to move continuously. First it was the dance battle, followed by water gun, then those dashing cars, then came bowling. The worst of all was the sports bike simulator. As I helped her sit on the bike, I saw her bladder literally swell. The bulge shifted from her lower belly to the north of her navel. It was like a balloon being blown up. She held her breath and grabbed the handle so tightly that she could have bent it. Even lifting her feet to place on the foot-pegs, made her legs shuddered.

She desperately tried to find space to wiggle her butt but there was none. Her bladder resembled a fully blown water balloon being squeezed in hands. The simulator seemed to shoot up her desperation exponentially. Before the simulator, she could, at least, still sit or walk normally but now she was red faced and visibly in pain. I was no better than her. Our clothes were sticky with sweat and the weight of our bladders were pulling us down. My concentration was faltering, and I had to do Kegels continuously even during the game. The violent vibrations of the bike were killing us both. I could hear her whimper as she tried to maneuver the bike. After a gruesome half an hour, I defeated her in the race.

It was a herculean task to get off the bike myself but then I looked at Sobhita. Her head hung low, and face obscured with hair. She was panting and her legs were squeezing the bike. When I asked her to get off it took a minute or two for her to register my words. She asked me to help her down. Her bladder brushed off against my chest. IT WAS ROCK SOLID! Once alight she hurriedly walked towards the table and took a seat. Her eyes fell on the cold drink, and she immediately chugged it down. It was the sexiest thing that I had ever seen. I glanced at the empty mugs and tried to tally the count. We were almost at par with each other, but I failed to calculate the volume.

“Rex.. Pl-please help me to strap me in my heels. I can’t bend over.” Her voice was shaky. As I forced myself to crouch to tie her heels, I felt my dick literally swell up. The pee inside my body had no place to go. Every movement simply kept hammering my sphincter. I held my breath as I tied the straps of her heels while the other leg kept bobbing. She tightly grabbed the arm rests, and her face was towards the ceiling with the eyes forced close. She was breathing swallow - inhaling and exhaling through her mouth.

“Sobhita, are you ok?” I was concerned, especially after looking at the size of her bladder. It seemed bigger than the last time she was at my home. I didn’t want her bladder to get ruptured. “I..I am fine, really. It’s OK!” Her body language betrayed her words though. After we excited the bowling arena she asked, “Are we going home now?” I looked at the clock – it was 9 in the evening. 21 hours since my last pee and 14 hours for her. Though the amount that we drank was ungodly.

The insides of my Bladder felt as if it contained molten lava. I glanced at her midriff. Her washboard flat abs were replaced by a pregnant like belly. The buttons, the zip and the seams were splitting. Every few steps she kept stopping in her tracks pretending to read the info board kept next to each of the games. She was fighting her bladder with everything she had. But she still managed not to shove her hand in her crotch or unbutton her jeans. Just then my eyes feel on the newly built VR arena. “Will you be able to manage another game, Sobhita? I don’t want you to give up so soon?” I pressed on. “Of course, I can handle it. I can still control myself for a very long time.” She asserted with a strained voice.

Soon we found ourselves midst the VR prep room. The attendants pulled and rugged me into the VR wear, which consists of a vest and a belt full of sensors. They tightened the buckles ruthlessly. When it came to Sobhita, they refused to buckle her up. “We are sorry ma’am, but we don’t allow pregnant women to enter the arena.” She pursed her lips and tried to suck her belly in - but it was a futile attempt. In the end she came up with an excuse, “I am not pregnant...I am just b-bloated.”

It took quite some convincing before she buckled in. Her face was red, and forehead wrinkled but she didn’t utter a single whimper throughout the ordeal. By the end of it the belt almost flattened her bladder bulge. Strands of hair clung to her forehead, and she became even quieter, as if conserving her energy too direct towards her sphincter. I could see frustration on her face as the attendants explained the Do’s and Don’ts of the game. She leaned against the wall for support, her legs refusing to stay still. One moment she would be fanning her legs and the next moment she would stand with her legs crossed. She tried to fiddle with the belt only to pull it tighter. She shrieked but the attendants ignored her.

A few minutes later we were given the VR headsets and infrared guns. “C’mon C’mon get started already!” Sobhita muttered under her voice. Once inside the game we were thrown into a pool of robots attacking us from all the directions. Each time we were hit, the vest and belt vibrated with great intensity. I was not able to cope very well. I could feel my pee right at the tip of my dick. While on the other hand, Sobhita stood with her legs glued together and somehow still shooting the robots. After a particularly damaging hit she yelled, “Why didn’t anyone tell me that these things vibrate like an earthquake!” As I turned towards her, I was blown by a robot, and I died in the game. I took off my VR headset and I was escorted back to the waiting area and watched her gameplay on the screen. Watching her was a treat to my eyes. She crouched on the ground and sat on her knees. Her body rocked back and forth. I couldn’t differentiate whether the robots made her panic or her inflated bladder.

Just then Sobhita’s mobile vibrated. It was a message from Nihita. I found myself salivating at that. What Sobhita didn’t know was that I had inadvertently noticed the pattern to open the screen lock of her mobile. I felt bad but I simply couldn’t resist what she was talking about.

&&&&

All the ball bursting desperation was suddenly replaced by a raging turn-on. I glanced at the game-time and there was still 30 minutes of gameplay left. I took a deep breath and quickly dialled Nihita, hoping that she too would have unblocked me. As soon as the call connected she answered it.. She couldn’t stop gushing about how Sobhita insisted that she blocked me everywhere and how she still believed in me. It made me happy and even listening to the unheard story.

“Listen Nihita!” I began, “I know the little secret of yours.”

“You READ our chat! Gosh, you’re HOT!” She giggled. “I was actually trying a 48 hour hold for the first time and by the time it was hour 40, I couldn’t stop leaking. Though I continued to fight in the same wet thong all night and somehow made it till 48, the thong was destroyed!”

“But how did it make way to my laundry basket!” I curiously asked.

“I will tell you a little secret! You see, I and Sobu have a pact. Whenever we try something for the first time, we fail big time – LIKE ALWAYS! But, if one gives up the challenge, the other one discloses it to Mom and Dad till they berate us like no tomorrow. However, if one struggles and still puts up a fight, the other one has to protect.” Her words were driving me crazy. I could cum buckets before any pee came out. She continued talking. “By the time 48 hours were over, it was the morning when she had her flight.

All 4 of us were just stepping out to drop her at the airport, while I was still unrelieved. As soon as Mom and Dad, got of the porch and headed toward the car, I lost it. Hot gurgling piss came out like a waterfall drenching my leggings. Fortunately, I was wearing a salwar. I mouthed to Sobu, who immediately jumped into action, unlocked the door, and pulled me in. She quickly pulled out another legging from her bag and gave it to me while I tore open my leggings and those soggy undies. Without a second thought she shoved them in her bag, and we hurriedly left for airport. Had she not done it, my parents would have disowned me!”

“That sounded like a dream come true!” I managed to stutter. It was a lot to process and there was barely any time left for the gameplay to end. While I had so many questions to ask, I had to be quick, “Nihita, I am curious though. You said, you guys always failed at the first attempt. Why is that so?”

“It’s always been like that. Our parents trained us hard, to make sure we were always stay under control. They put us into a strict bathroom routine, organized holding challenges every month and what not! Somehow mine and her bladder got trained to hold to extremes but in a controlled condition. When we try something new, we don’t know what to expect, any kind of ‘Control’ or ‘Calculation’ is out of the window. Mark my words, it is going to be one hell of a night for Sobu. Enjoy it while you can because such occurrences are rare!” I could sense her grinning at the prospect. Soon I saw Sobhita taking off her gaming equipment’s. I hurriedly bade Nihita adieu and went to Sobhita, loaded with crucial information.

Jailed for Redemption After exiting the game zone, we struggled our way through dinner. The restaurant was about to close and all they could offer us was a large curry dish, rotis and some cold lassi. It was midnight. I had been containing our pent-up pee 24 hours and she at 17 hours. “Oh my God, this is getting really bad,” I cursed myself as the lassi hit my bladder. Sobhita was too engrossed in her battle to even register it. I could see herself pushing her arms on the table.

It was a valiant fight to not shove her hands between her legs. We kept shuffling in our seats when I got the idea of getting her ice-cream too, knowing fully well, she would not anticipate it. I saw her flinch as the large double sundae was kept on the table. We both gulped nervously and finished the entire tub with an ever-increasing frequency, but there was no mention from either of us about giving up. We were supposed to hold it in and act like adults and we continued to do so. As we exited from the restaurant and headed towards the parking, I asked her, “How much do you normally drink in a day Sobhita?”. I saw her bite her lips before she opened her mouth.

At first nothing came out and then I heard her say with a faint voice, “3 to 3.5 litres”. “Do you know how much we drank today? Just take a guess” I continued as we moved out of the restaurant and sped off. Her blistering need to pee could not be overstated. Her eyes moved rapidly. Her nails dug into my arms as she needed support to walk properly. In fact, she was actually pulling me more and more to walk slowly. And my question definitely added to her woes. “2 litres at home, then 6 lemonades, 3 or 4 cups of tea...”, she paused in her tracks pretending to fiddle with her phone. She shoved her hand in the pocket of her jeans, which now looked as if they were painted on. “I don’t know how many drinks we had at the game zone.. May be 4 or 6 or 8 and then these 2 lassis. I LOST COUNT!” Her eyes suddenly grew wide in horror and looked down at her grotesquely bulging bladder. I felt so happy that I could get her seemingly close to her breaking “Would you now say I pushed you ‘HARD’?”

Before she could answer though, we ran through some barricades on the road. There were a few cops standing who asked to stop the car. Before we knew we were pulled out of the car, our keys confiscated, and we were shoved in a police car. Half an hour later, we were thrown into a lockup. Our overfilled bladders threatened to explode and now we had to find strength to hold it in for an unknown amount of time. Something which we were not prepared for.

Time slowed down and our kidneys speeded up. The lockup was freezing and had nothing to sit on. With so many unknown variables I found myself getting frantic. If I stopped clenching a disaster was imminent. She was no better. Her lips trembled and nose was red, just like when we were at the car dealership. I quickly gave my jacket to her. She hurriedly accepted it and nestled in my arms. We curled up on one corner of the cell. I could hear her yelp and moans every few minutes.

She was struggling to keep still. “I think you should unbutton your jeans Sobhita – your bladder needs room to expand.” She nodded her head conveying her disagreement. But I insisted. “No, Rex I am fine. I c-can easily hold it. My Bladder needs to cope with it.” In spite of that dire situation, she refused to take give her bladder even the slightest of advantage. “Are you sure?” I asked her. “I am raised that way, Rex.” She remained resolute. I admired her strength and steeled myself for a long night of maddening desperation.

Despite our repeated hues and cries we were not allowed to call anyone. All we were told that we resembled a couple who had recently eloped, and that the girl’s father was looking for them. We tried our best to convince the on-duty officers, but they turned deaf ears to it. We spent the next 9 hours in the cell. Each tick of the clock felt like a hammer on my bladder. My entire life was now condensed to one single point – my bladder threatening to explode. She kept pacing in the cell, her hands still away from her crotch. She was just millimetres away from breaking into a full blown pee dance. Her thighs were essentially glued together, with both hands clutching at her legs. Sometimes she would bend over and slowly crouch taking the support of the wall. Those were the nastiest of the waves, I assumed. But she was resolute, through and through. Every time I asked her how she was coping, I was returned with answers like,

“I – I don’t feel anything!”

“No pressure I can’t handle..”

“I am a lady Rex! I will decide if I have to go, not my b-bladder. Even if we reached home, I would go to the bed unrelieved”.

This time however, she had to stop pacing. Her face was got even more contorted, the vein on her forehead was throbbing and her knuckles went white as she grabbed the sides of her thighs. One of her nails chipped off in the process. I heard her groan uncharacteristically. For a moment I felt that the dam would burst open any moment. But nothing happened. After a few minutes of staying in that contorted position motionless, she suddenly stood straight and parted her legs. I could see her bite her lips to the extent that it started bleeding. Her face was blue, and body wet with perspiration. But somehow she remained straight and kept her legs parted. It was monumental to see her fight. “How – how did you do that?” She was still panting but nevertheless she attempted to speak,

“My bladder was being an asshole, so I just put it in place. I won’t such a weakness again. I am so sorry – You won’t see me like this ever again! Promise” She struggled to frame each sentence.

Morning crept in like a silent saviour and our bladders could be mistaken for footballs. The main station officer, a stern-looking man with an air of authority, arrived to our rescue. He informed us that it was time to make our phone call, a chance to summon legal assistance. As Sobhita and I approached the phone, our eyes met, mirroring our shared relief and our unwavering determination to not let our bladder’s win. With shaking fingers, Sobhita dialled a number, her voice trembling as she spoke. "Rex, I hope you don't mind if I make the call," she said, her eyes filled with gratitude for taking this bold step. I nodded in agreement, whispering back.

Soon she was speaking to someone over the phone, and then, after a few hushed words, the conversation turned into a frantic discussion. It was clear that Sobhita was trying to pacify the person on the other side. A few minutes later, she hung up the phone, her eyes filled with a mixture of relief and trepidation. "Rex," she said, her voice quavering, "I've called someone who can help us." I frowned; my curiosity piqued. "Who did you call?" She hesitated for a moment, and then it hit me like a ton of bricks. Sobhita had dialled my mom's number. I couldn't help but feel a rush of gratitude and embarrassment all at once. The last time I met mom I let her down by admitting that I sniffed Sobhita’s undies and now her son, was at It again. This time in a lockup with the same girl.

My mom arrived at the police station shortly thereafter. I don’t know how she managed, but she bailed us out in no time. When we waddled out of the lockup I had to bear the wrath of mom’s anger. She was furious for having subjected Sobhita to a lockup. I tried as best as I could to speak but neither her incessant scolds nor my bursting bladder would let me speak. Only when Sobhita pitched in I got saved.

“Aunty – Rex was here with me all the time and kept me safe. And he had also been very disciplined, even more than me.” She stood with her body arched forward and occasional shudders. My mom looked at me with contempt and took Sobhita along her. “I don’t care about him. I only want to know if you are OK beta. Do you want to use the bathroom?”

“N-NO Not at all Aunty. In fact, Rex is holding it with me, and he has promised to hold as long as I ask him to.” My mom stopped in her tracks. “Is it?” Sobhita desperately nodded saying ‘Yes’.

“We will see” My mom sternly said and sped off with Sobhita. I stood in front of the police station with no clue what to make of this conversation. I had a bladder which was screaming for mercy holding pee worth 36 hours. To add to my woes, all my hopes of finally getting to pee were dashed with Sobhita’s words.

It was truly the most difficult test of mine - I didn’t know what was going to break first - my bladder or my determination.

The Invitation

After the dreaded night I dragged myself to my rusty apartment. My eyes had turned yellow, I swear, such was the pressure. But I resisted relieving myself till I got any news from Sobhita. The entire day light passed, and I was crawling the wall by the evening. Finally, around 9 or so, Nihita’s text dropped in.

“WHAT DID YOU DO TO MY SISTER! YOU BROKE HER!”

I had my heart and my bladder, both, throbbing in my mouth. I quickly called her and listened her answer in a hushed tone. “Why are you whispering?

“If Sobu sees that I am talking to you, she will kill me.”

“Then TELL ME what happened, Nihita, my dick is going exploding here!” All of this sudden commotion was shooting electric pangs to the top of my dick. “ARE YOU SERIOUS? YOU’RE STILL HOLDING?” Nihita nearly screamed with excitement. “I am Polygamous from this moment!” Had it been any other time, I would have ejaculated like a volcano, but I couldn’t muster to say anything more but “I – I am always ready”.

She giggled and continued, “So Sobu unexpectedly came home afternoon on the Vande-Bharat train. I had never seen her like that! Eyes red, dishevelled hair, sweaty odour, and an obscenely bulging bladder. Had a butterfly landed on her bulge at that moment, she would have burst. When Mom and Dad questioned her disgraceful behaviour she narrated the entire incident to them. They simply listened to it and went to their room, with the keys to the only bathroom of the house. She was shuddering like no tomorrow, and you wouldn’t believe what I saw after!”

“Why what happened? Is she OK?. I know she will die before having an accident – SO TELL ME!” I yelled at her as I felt the first drop almost slip out of my dick.

“Let there be some suspense handsome, all I can give you is a little pic to imagine what happened.” I received a pic of a tiny thong with a coin sized wet spot on it. “Is it Sobhita’s? Did she leak? Is she still holding? Tell me FOR GOD SAKE!”

“Keep imagining Tiger! By the way, Mom just conveyed to me that you are invited to our place next Friday! See you soon.” Before I could respond she hung up on me leaving me with a dick as hard as steel rod. Since I didn’t know if Sobhita peed or not, I fought valiantly with my bladder and continued to hold. Around 11pm in the night, 47 hours since my last break my bladder started shooting sharp unbearable pangs through my body. None of my pants could accommodate the bulge. My skin was burning. I was curled up on the floor with my hands shoved in my crotch and finally a hot jet of piss escaped the clutches of my tired sphincter. I grabbed my dick tighter and hurriedly texted Sobhita to check if she were still holding. Instead, she replied to me with a question whether I was still going on. When I replied affirmative, all I got was:

“I am impressed Rex. You came very close to me.”

“What does that mean?” I was climbing the walls and here she was throwing riddles at me.

“Arrive THIS FULL when you come home on Friday, and you will know.” With this she abruptly ended the call.

And that was it. The clock struck 12. I completed 2 full days without a pee, having drunk double the amount of my normal intake. I crawled to the bathroom. My swollen dick failed to stop the disaster. As soon as I opened the lid of the WC, a gusher simply exploded. I took support of the wall with one hand and directed my ferocious manhood to the WC. It was one of those rare occasions when I was hard and yet peeing a half inch thick stream of piss. I used to think only females could let out such torrents, but I was wrong. That firehose like gusher was a sensory overload for me. Every time my body shuddered I realized I came simultaneously. Sweat dripped from every inch oy my body. I could feel my bladder contracting from within, leaving me gasping for air.

For the next minute and a half, I could not even breathe. My brain just directed all my energy towards pushing out the steaming gallon of pee out of my bladder and mind-bending orgasms. It was like my body was rewarding itself for holding so much. The stream was endless and soon enough the closet was full to the brim. I panicked. If the owner found out that I peed on the bathroom floor she would kill me.

I grunted out loud and clamped down my urethra. I applied so much force to shut the opening that would prevent even a bullet from entering. I collapsed on the floor as my bladder angrily revolted with spasm and strong waves of pain. My bladder was still sticking out considerably, but I literally had nowhere to pee. I had to be the man that Sobhita wanted me to be even though I was still frantic. My bladder was still 60% full or so it seemed looking at the bulge. I waddled out of the bathroom hoping that the WC would clear itself. Only to find that the piss level had only sunk a little, perhaps it got clogged somehow.

The Home Coming Thanks to the clogged WC, I forced myself to sustain the rest of the week mostly on partial pees. The bulge on my bladder stayed constant much to my likening. Thursday morning Sobhita called me, “Rex, when you arrive tomorrow, there are going to be discussions with my parents. I am trying my best to tilt them to your side. But I cannot do it without you”.

“Anything! Go ahead!”

“Remember our situation in the lockup the other night? Can you be THAT FULL when you reach? I found really impressive, and it was so manly of you to put up such a great hold!”

“Consider it done!” I replied as my chest swelled with pride. Just then I heard Nihita’s faint voice from the back. “Sobu! You filled the WC to the brim again! PLEASE STOP IT!” I had an ear-to-ear grin on my face and immediately teased Sobhita, “Ahem! I am assuming that this is going to be a test only for me?”

“You cannot be more wrong! Me not holding can happen only on one condition” I could almost see her flaring her nostrils.

“And what’s that?”, I curiously asked. “The only time when I will not be holding will be when I am dead or maybe I will die with a full bladder too!” She sternly replied. Her words reverberated in my ears and her dedication towards this lifestyle was instantly etched in my mind. After I hung up the phone, I looked at the clock. It was 7AM. My bladder was pulsating and begging for relief, but I relished it none the less. With great reluctance I decided to take a full pee. It was supposed to be my last one till I returned from her place. BUT BUT BUT, the clogged WC meant I was able to relieve myself only partially. On other days, I would have enjoyed it but this time I actually needed a full relief. L

Following that pee, I got a text from Sobhita. “You know what Rex, why don’t you decide my intake for the day? I didn’t want to have the slightest advantage and you’re the best person who can push me. Though I will fully expect you to drink the same nonetheless.”

“You read my mind!”, I replied faster than light reply and made sure to keep her phone buzzing all day:

“2 litres immediately & 500ml after breakfast”, “Why don’t you get a coconut water?”, “Hydration is important – grab 500ml now!’, “A tall lassi with lunch”, “Down another litre before the gym!”, “Time for tea”, “An extra glass before dinner”, “One glass after dinner”, “Milk before bed is a healthy habit.” I was trying to break Sobhita again, but she left me dumbfounded. Late in the evening, when I texted to check on her, she responded with a series of clips she took all day as she chugged every single one of my challenges plus a few more. Then she called me at once.

“Hi Rex. Did you see the pics? I drank all of it, just like you prescribed and a few more glasses too.” My eyes nearly popped out in horror.

“Why the extra glasses?”

“Because of you Rex! You got me tremendously full, and it felt so good that I thought to challenge myself even more!” She was grinning. I could feel it.

“Tremendous you say? You are going to still hold it right?” I nervously asked.

“Of course, Rex. I appreciate how you kept the intake well-paced and yet heavy. But I think I can still last for a day and a half AT LEAST!” She was satisfied to say the least. “DUDE! STOP! She is making me do the same. It’s like I am drinking an entire swimming pool!” Nihita screamed from background.

The next day I arrived with a stabbing pain plaguing my lower back and a bladder that could shame a football. I knowingly chose a cargo pant and briefs which kept my manhood and dick squeezed like a vice and enhanced my bulge. Sobhita and Nihita, both came to receive me. The latter was dressed in a tight pink jean and a crop top. The ensemble was more for skin show, I feasted my eyes on her massive under-boobs, her chiseled mid-riff, and her solid bladder bulge. Sweat filled her face and body never still for a minute. Sobhita on the other hand, was sporting a considerably bigger bulge than Nihita.

Her salwar seemed painted on her body and the fabric was stretched tightly across her bladder. It put Nihita’s bladder to shame. But Sobhita stood absolutely still. Except her forehead being slightly sweaty, she showed no other signs of holding a tank inside. As I approached them, I noticed both of them looking at my crotch. While Nihita stared at it with her mouth gaped open, Sobhita pursed her lips to suppress her smile. She hugged me tightly which seemed more like to gauge how full my bladder was. We both were hard, if not concrete hard. Once she gauged it, she decided to hold me for a bit longer actually soaking in the warmth of my jacket. After a while she gave me an approving look. I knowingly smiled at her but at the back of my mind I was praying to my starts to give me strength to hold through.

After a whimpering drive by Nihita, we reached their place. The moment I stepped inside I received a rude shock. Along with her parents, my mom and dad too were there, having brunch. My eyes widened in horror, but Mom signalled me to sit beside her. As their traditions dictated we were served a hearty brunch with fresh fruit juice. Sobhita’s mom gave us a glass each. It was like staring at death but there was yet more to come. She snatched an entire jug from her mother.

“Beta, dont get carried away. You should not drink all of that at once. You are not you . . .” her mother warned but Sobhita fiercely interrupted.

“Mom, I have Rex’s support. I can easily finish it. In fact, Rex will finish a jug as well.” What was she trying to do, drown me in my own piss, I thought to myself. “Do not waste a single drop Rex. I would expect you to be strong at least once in your life” My mother warned me as well. I gulped down my throat looking at the new jug in front and then towards Sobhita, who looked at me with expecting eyes. She smiled and pointed me to the jug. Throughout the brunch, I watched Sobhita in awe as she downed the entire jug like it was a spoonful. Just a week ago Sobhita struggled to sit still on Day 1 of rapid hold. And now, she had mastered it already.

Brunch with a Challenge After brunch, Sobhita announced, “Rex, you may be surprised to see your parents here. But truth be told, we had always been close to your parents. Everyone at the table except me and Nihita dislikes you but I want to prove to them that they are mistaken.” She then turned to her parents and continued, “Yesterday you kept asking me the whole day Mom, that I was overestimating my strength. Yet I stand straight in front of you.” Well, she was not exactly standing straight, but gently shifting her weight from one foot to the other. “Rex, encouraged me to do it because he himself could do it too.”

Suddenly all eyes were on me. She kept on going. Small beads of sweat dropped from her forehead and cheeks. Her fists remained tightly clenched and she chugged the remainder of the juice. “Today with Rex, I will prepare everything needed for the Puja tomorrow. I will decide how much we are going to consume today and even when the Puja gets over tomorrow, we will be standing strong.”

The parents excused themselves for the table. Nihita looked at us with tears in her eyes. Her face Das nearly blue now and the veins on her forehead could be counted. She was hanging by a thread. “I… I am not sure if I will last that long Sobu.” Sobhita was furious at her and passed on another glass to her. “No, you said you wanted him too so…” My ears picked up her words like an antenna. But before Nihita could respond our parents arrived. They announced, “We respect your sentiments, Rex and Sobhita. If you want this marriage to happen, you two need to demonstrate your strengths till the ‘Puja’ tomorrow is taken care of. If any of you give up, this marriage won’t happen.” Sobhita eagerly nodded and so did I. The horror in Nihita’s eyes was pitiable.

Once away from the table, we started off the day, I asked Sobhita, “Why didn’t you tell me that my parents would be here too?”

“Rex, you taught me that nothing can be under our control but our bladders. So, let’s cork ourselves up and fight together.” With that she threw me the keys to the car. The sun hung high in the sky as we drove off to the market nearby. After an hour of excruciating drive through pot-filled roads and slow traffic, Sobhita took us to a juice centre. On the top of her list was the local delight sugarcane juice. Soon three tall glasses were handed to us. Before chugging the juice, I saw Sobhita pause for a second. Her lips were slightly parted. She slowly rolled her eyes to the left trying to remember something. I don’t know what took over her she kept her glass aside and took out her phone flipping through her gallery.

“Woah! That’s a lot”, she whispered to herself while noting something in her phone. Then, without a second thought she began drinking the juice. I followed suit. With every gulp, the burning sensation at the tip of my dick increased. I asked Sobhita how she was holding up. “Honestly, it feels like I am holding a barrel inside me. But I want to hold more.” She chugged the rest of the juice and asked for a refill for both of us. When the second glass arrived, she paused again and then at one go, she finished it. I did the same when she nudged me to down them all. Once I was done, she cleared the bill to the vendor. At that moment I noticed that her legs were firmly crossed, and she stood with folded arms – breathing in and out of her mouth. Indeed, the liquid was catching up with her, FAST,

Nihita on the other hand looked like a human pinball. She could not sit or stand still. From the moment we arrived she had been panting and puffing. Her concentration was broken. All she knew was she had to get rid of the juice, so she dim-wittingly tried to throw the juice away. Sobhita though caught her in the act and forced the glass to her lips. Poor Nihita had to drink all of it but not without drama. Her body was shuddering, her face scrunched up and legs fervently jogging at the place. As soon as the glass was emptied, she brazenly shoved her hand in her crotch and squirmed around. The onlookers laughed at her. Sobhita tried to pull Nihita to stand straight and drag her to the car. In the process of this silly cat fight, Nihita accidentally poked Sobhita’s bladder. “Have you been drinking concrete or what!” Sobhita was not in a condition to answer.

The blow on her stomach was severe enough that she lost balance. Her face was red like a tomato, and she had to lean on Nihita for support. Everyone had a limit and Sobhita was not immune to it. Looking at her go all shudder-y and gasping for breath, I thought that her dam was about to burst.

“Sobu, are you OK, should we turn back?”, Nihita desperately asked, hoping it to be a yes for her own selfish reasons. Sobhita was engrossed in her own battle to care to reply. Her toes were tightly curled but her hands remained firmly on her thighs, miraculously. She gently rocked back and forth trying to prevent her bladder from revolting. Nihita nudged her again but this time I jumped in, “NO. Just a little blow cannot break her. She is going to hold it, isn’t it Sobhita?” I threw in a hint of challenge. Sobhita heard my words and vigorously nodded. A minute or two later, she steeled herself, “He is right, Nihu. Now, watch and learn.” She took a deep breath and stood up with a swift motion as if nothing happened.

After that little fiasco, we hobbled to the supermarket. Sobhita had the laundry list of things to get whereas I and Nihita followed her through the store to get the stuff. In the aisles, Nihita unbuttoned her unforgiving jeans. Her bladder ballooned immediately. She pulled the jeans so low that I could see the exact structure of her pelvis, her hip bones, her yellow sweat-stained thong. Most importantly beneath her absolutely chiselled torso her bladder looked as if it was bolted on.

“Please don’t tell her.” Nihita pleaded to me. I assured her that I wouldn’t because I was in the same boat as hers. My balls were aching with every step. My back felt as if I was hit with baseball bat. Nihita was confused, “I don’t understand. Other than the size of your bladder, you don’t even look desperate.” I sheepishly nodded. From the corner of my eyes, I kept a watch on Sobhita, who walked slightly ahead of us. As we inched through the aisles, I asked Nihita, “I am curious though, why did you compare her bladder to concrete?” I could see a glint of jealousy in her voice, “Because it was THAT HARD! Her training is paying her off.”

“Training, why would she need training?”

“Because of that little coin sized spot on her thong…” We were so engrossed in the conversation that we failed to notice Sobhita glaring at us. “NO ONE IS TALKING ABOUT THAT AGAIN!” She yelled at both of us. Nihita tried to pacify Sobhita, “Sobu, it’s okay! I am not judging you. He knows about the wet thong in laundry story too!” Things were quickly escalating. I pitched in, “Sobhita, it is not a big deal. Let it go” I saw tears brimming in her eyes.

“No, it is a big deal for me. It was the only drop that escaped my control in the last 22 years. I was fully under control when I reached home that day. Thanks to your mom who got me the tickets at the last minute. I narrated the entire incident to Mom and Dad and all they did was to humiliate me because I couldn’t stand still. Even after withstanding the entire ordeal and drinking more than I normally would they were not satisfied. They made me hold till it was time for bed. At that point, I decided to change into something more comfortable. But the jeans were cutting my bladder into two. When I tried to forcefully pull it down, I lost a drop into my thong.”

I listened to each of her word intently and asked, “Why were they not satisfied?”

“Because they wanted me to be as strong as brother after he cut ties with us. But I was never good enough. Throughout our childhood, dad pitted him and me into holding competitions with new challenges. He beat me every time. I on the other hand simply couldn’t adopt fast enough and lost. I had never seen go to the bathroom let alone be desperate.

“Where is he now?”, I asked.

“They cut ties with him because he married a girl who was not strong like him. But even though they don’t talk to him they keep comparing me with him. I want to show them that I am just as strong as my brother. Nihita is crazy after you too. I know everything and I don’t mind it. All I want is to be the strongest holding machine and have a life-partner who respects me and is equally strong. YOU FIT THE DESCRIPTION!” It was a lot of info to digest in such a short time and that too with a bladder so close to betray me. I couldn’t fathom that out there was a guy who was supposedly even stronger than Sobhita, let alone me.

In her quest to prove her strength, we spent the rest of our errand tanking up at every opportunity. At the fruit shop, we downed the tallest available fruit juices. Then at the sweet shop we got some syrupy sweets. Once we reached back, it was like a water fest. I and she had something to drink in front of us – all the time. The amount of liquid that I drank at her place could nearly for three average guys.

The Long Night After dinner when everyone went up to their rooms, I had some privacy for the first time in the day. For some reason, the parents felt that I deserved to sleep on the couch in the cold. I could feel steam blowing out of my ears. The skin over my bladder was inflamed. My bladder was getting severe cramps and legs felt numb. The weight was too much to carry around, and I was pretty sure I could fill up a barrel too. I didn’t care if it was biologically possible.

Thankfully I brought joggers for the night. It accommodated the grotesque bulge and hid my briefs which could tear apart any second. It was still eerily early, and I was pacing in the hall with a hand clutching my manhood trying to subdue my pain. I don’t I know but I had a gut feeling that even Sobhita was unable to fall asleep. I picked up my phone and texted her. Much to my surprise she quickly responded. When I asked why, she simply said, “Let me come to you”. Before I could write back I saw a heavenly figure, tip toe down from the stairs. It was my darling Sobhita. Her boobs heaved under the loose t-shirt; she wore to bed perhaps.

&&

Her graceful gait was now a mix of hurry and restraint. She grabbed the railing with one hand and kept the other hand at the waist while getting down from the staircase. Any outsider would mistake her for a pregnant lady in her second trimester. When I asked her about it, she seemed to be lost for words and simply signalled me to wait until she poured us both a glass of water. The sound of water pouring in the glass made us both wince and squirm. More than the ticking time bomb in her bladder she was worried about us ‘NOT DRINKING ENOUGH’. I reminded myself that I was not supposed to show any weakness in front of this goddess. As soon as she handed over the glass, I chugged it down. She smiled to be, beaming with pride and then finished the glass.

She pulled her oversized T-Shirt up, tantalizingly slow and threw it aside. Time froze at that instant, and I was presented with a sight that I would never forget. She revealed with a bladder that defied all laws of physics. I had seen countless morphs of bloated bladder, but this was real. A real beach ball sized bladder which was indeed hard like concrete. Her skin was pulled thin and it was red with soreness. It shined with sweat and the thin veins under her skin appeared like rivulets. Self-torture was an understatement. She then took my hand and placed It on the apex of her bladder. It swelled at least an inch above her navel and extended to her crotch. The projection of the apex was at par with her silicone globes. The water which she downed just a few seconds ago, made its way to her bladder almost immediately. I could feel her bladder shudder gently from within.

“I have seen these things in the movies, but I never thought I would display myself like this to anyone” Her voice was feeble but steady. Her legs were un-crossed. Body absolutely still. Hands on her boobs, clutching the bikini top, “But when you texted me, the first thought that came to my mind was, this guy is thinking about me and how Mi might be holding it in.”

“I did”, I was horny and painfully frantic at the same time. I looked at her with vapid eyes.

“Rex, I appreciate you taking so much pain for me. And I just want to tell you that your efforts won’t go in vain.” She then held my hand and slid to her crotch. A painful jolt shot up my confused dick. Was it supposed to ejaculate or push out the pent-up load of pee? I could hear my heartbeat in my ears. “What are you doing?” I asked her with trembling voice.

“Shhh. . .Tell me what do you feel?”

“A tiny piece of fabric, dry?”

“Yes, that’s right. It’s the thong I had been wearing since my last pee and I will continue to wear it till the Puja gets over. And this time there won’t be any wet spots on this.” I was stunned. Where was she drawing all the power to resist the outburst. “Do you not feel anything yet?” I could resist asking her.

“Doesn’t matter how badly it hurts. My bladder’s job is to hold it. And it will hold it . . .As long as I want it to.” She bent over to give me a quick kiss on my cheek. Her warm boobs squished against my boobs and her exotic vanilla perfume mesmerised me. Only I knew how I resisted pulling her into making love.

The Long Day

I woke up the next morning with a pain of a thousand knives stabbed into my bladder. I slowly walked to the bathroom trembling and shuddering. Someone was still inside. There were guests all around looking at me with disgust in their eyes, wondering who is this weakling who cannot wait to enter the bathroom. Only if they knew 48 hours had passed since my last relief and that too partial. I was confident that my nerves leading to my bladder were now permanently damaged.

My sphincter was on fire and dick aching as if was it put into a shredder. Then I heard the sound of the lid being opened and clothes being pulled down, hastily. A second later the entire house filled with the noise of a loud gusher from inside. For a moment I felt somebody had left a tap open directly into the WC. I heard a lady moan. From the torrential noise, I could make it that she had not been to the bathroom in a really long time. Pee rushed to my dick and panic clouded my mind. Was it Sobhita? Why was she peeing all of a sudden? I was about to knock the door but just then someone pulled me from behind. It was Sobhita. She hurriedly pulled me to the outhouse which had a spare bathroom.

Her face was red, and it appeared she was trying to hold her breath. I asked her who was in the bathroom, “N- Nihita” She barely managed to push the words out of her mouth. It was more of a whisper. It was at that moment when I noticed her attire. She looked smoking hot, a red saree draped so low that it could barely cover her modesty. Her blouse was cut so low that it could barely qualify for as bikini top, let alone blouse. But most importantly her chiselled flat midriff was gone. She looked pregnant – ABSOLUTE PREGNANT! The bulge pushed the seams of the saree so low, that I could see the bands of her thongs peeping out. It was painfully obscene, and no one could turn a blind eye to that. Pain was etched on her face. I felt puny looking at her struggles.

“Are you going to be ok?” I was genuinely worried. “Sobhita, you are hurting yourself. You don’t have to do this. We can elope.”

&&

She angrily looked at me and said something I will never forget, “My bladder won’t d-decide my fate. I.. Will n-not pee today or even tomorrow.” She then slowly uncrossed her legs to prove her determination. I couldn’t stop myself anymore and pulled herself to plant a passionate kiss on her lusciously full lips. After a minute of breathless kiss, I got ready, and we proceeded for the puja, holding her hand. I couldn’t see Nihita around until Sobhita signalled to me that her mom asked her to stay indoors because she was impure now. It was noteworthy that despite her strained sweaty face, I could see her blushing.

As we entered the mandap, all eyes were on us. We both stood straight despite our obscene bulges were trying to flirt with gravity. The brows on her face disappeared at once and she pulled off her ‘I am empty’ look. Calm and pleasing. Had it not been for her pregnant piss baby, no one would say that she was holding 2 days’ worth of pee inside her bladder. I was not sure what people made of my bulge but surely I heard a few aunties talk to our parents saying that they have found the most suitable man for their daughter. I beamed with pride. Sobhita on the other handheld her breath and behaved as if the tsunami inside her bladder had subsided. She greeted the guests, performed the rituals with a strained smile on her face, bent down to seek ‘Ashirwad’ (blessings) from the elders. I steeled myself and followed suit too. Every time I did I felt a drop trying to escape.

Any Indian puja needed fasting, and it was no different for us. Throughout the day we were supposed to stand at the puja mandap and participate in the rituals. Even though we were fasting, the priest allowed us to have fruit juices to beat the heat. The entire day went like a blur. Rituals-juice-repeat. BY the time all the guests went and the mandap was cleared Sobhita could not stand any more. Nihita was finally allowed to come out of her room and at once she rushed to Sobhita who sat quietly on the couch trying to be as demure as she could, given her state. I was falling in love with her every time I looked at her. 60 hours and drinks to fill in a small pond resided in her bladder. She couldn’t even utter a word now. “Mom! Look at her, she has proved her point. She and even Rex both showed their strength and character. Have some mercy.”

I held Nihita’s hand. “No, we both don’t need any mercy. We are perfectly capable to control ourselves.” Sobhita turned to me with tears in her eyes and asked me to sit beside her.

Our parents went to a different room and after a long discussion they came out. My Mom began, “With what we saw of Sobhita today, she has proven to possess all the traits of a Goddess. We accept her and want to welcome her into our family.” A huge ear to ear smile formed on my face and hers too. Then we turned our eyes to Sobhita’s mother, “While Rex’s family feels that Sobhita is strong, we still feel she has a lot to improve and be even better disciplined. As far as Rex is concerned, we felt that he was not suitable until today when he proved all of us wrong with his sense of responsibility and discipline. We too want to welcome him in our family.

Nihita jumped with joy until her mother cut her off. “As for you Nihita, you are a disgrace. You dared to void yourself on such an auspicious day. We expected more from you, and we are disappointed that Sobhita did not train you properly enough. Both of you to your room at once.” That was the last of what I saw of Sobhita and Nihita. I was urged by my parents to start return journey home, sans any relief.

I didn’t know what to expect next. As soon as I got into the car, I texted Sobhita, “I love you. I am not going to pee till you decide.”

She immediately responded, “❤️, keep holding for me Rex and I promise to keep my thongs dry like this always.” My phone buzzed again. It was a selfie of her crotch still wearing that tiny white thong, digging into her skin but still absolutely dry. I smiled and gave a tight squeeze to my dick before driving off with my parents.

- - - To be continued - - -

*093*2023-12-12 11:38

{{2 hours ago, Resch said:

This is without doubt one of the best stories I've read here. You're really getting better and better with every story.

}}

One of the best stories here! 🥹 Oh my goodness. This comment from you made me bounce with joy. Thank you. Thank you so much. 😁

*096*2023-12-12 14:27

{{2 hours ago, eucoloco said:

I'm still reading the previous page but it does the trick for me... Your posts here or in other social media make me so horny. Great job... Rare well written omo

}}

I am amazed. I am glad I could get your hormones running to the right places 😉

{{5 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I'm still reading the Previous part as well. I feel like all the parts are gonna be out and it's gonna give me a lot of reading to do because i'm a slow reader and Can read-only so much at a time before I get bored.

}}

I will be devastated if you get bored. Please take your time and go slowly. For me, it is very important that my readers enjoy every letter of the story 🤗

*100*2023-12-13 08:46

{{17 hours ago, Frooger said:

WOW!!! Again you have have done it Rex! Fantastic story, can't wait for the next part

}}

@Frooger

: Here you are! You never fail to cheer me up and boost my confidence. Thank you so much for the wonderful appreciation post.

{{13 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

Just finished reading the first part And I am excited to read more mainly for the female desperation. And I'm excited to see what story Comes next

}}

@Roronoa Zoro

: I am so glad that you read both the parts. I hope the female desperation made up for the male desperation in between. It will take some time for the 3rd part to come out. Waiting to hear from the original patron.

*102*2023-12-16 03:36

{{22 hours ago, eucoloco said:

Yes I finished Second part. I'm Crazy for male desperation but yours it's all perfect. Always. U mentioned a brother (and even parents) so much potential 😍💧🔥

}}

Yaayyyy! Cheers!! The potential is immense isn't it? I am trying to build a Holdi-verse here 😉

