Running Into Trouble

Author: Redboi

*000*2023-01-23 23:53

Hi everyone, sorry for another long hiatus. I really shouldn’t promise anything when it comes to uploading strings of content, given how busy I am with this new semester starting up. I wanted to write this piece for you.

For those of you who just want to read the story, you can skip this portion down to the italics title, but if you’d like for me to indulge you on some interesting inspiration for this story, stick right here, your choice :)

As for inspiration for this piece, I am a former cross country runner. I ran for 7 years in middle and high school. I can already hear you say “what does this have to do with omo?! Shut up and make this fictional girl piss herself already!” And while it’s fair to question its importance, it’s simple why it actually is important: because I know what it’s like. Cross country runners are warriors, running 10-12 miles without having any real control over what happens with your body over that hour, hour and a half period.

When I tell you that girls really have no control over when they get to pee during a long run, I mean it. (You probably don’t wanna know this lol) Us guys were always able to find spots to pee because we never had to crouch down and pop a squat. In fact, the guys usually had a spot somewhere in a field or behind some trees that was always convenient. Girls really had nowhere to hide, so I’m sure there were either plans around that for them during team practice or maybe on some occasions there might have been some accidents during a run, who knows?

As for this story, it’s based not on what happens at practice, but what happens to our friend Kaylee at a cross country meet. As a runner who went to these in several different venues across my state, I can say that around 95% of the time, there are no real bathrooms open, since the meets are all outdoors. Thus, everyone has to use port-a-potties, which absolutely sucks. Even as a guy, I still absolutely hate the idea that you’re right above everyone else’s waste, making me try to avoid the port-a-potties when I can.

The thing is, I’m not even close to as bad as other people are. Hell, there are some that straight up refuse to use these (hint hint), and honestly, I don’t even blame them. They may be a great invention for outdoor events, but my god they suck.

Last thing, let me tell you what it’s like to run while desperate. I really never have this happen to me, but when it does, it’s almost impossible to hold yourself back when you’re running on a full bladder. It also makes it basically impossible to run at the speed you want without losing control. Overall, not a fun experience whatsoever.

Ok, let’s see what happens to Kaylee here, enjoy!

Running Into Trouble:

Kaylee looked outside the foggy windows of the bus, the haze hadn’t really faded much. It was what you could come to expect from a chilly October morning in the Midwest. The sights along the two hour trip were underwhelming: corn fields and haze. Although Kaylee wasn’t here to sightsee, she knew she was here to win.

The pieces were set for her to place high today: their top runner on their team was out, it was a perfect course, and it was perfect running weather outside. Nothing would be more of a dream then being called up as the first place runner: all her friends and family seeing her, the first place trophy, it was all for the taking.

Kaylee’s thought process was interrupted by a twinge down below in her crotch area. She had to pee. Not really surprising, it was a two hour bus ride. She’d just have to use the bathroom when she got there.

…

”Alright ladies, race is in an hour. Make sure to do your stretches and warmup and be at the starting line at 9:25.”

Kaylee surveyed her surroundings: there were no buildings, which was strange.

”Hey Kay, whatcha lookin’ for?” A girl with puffy black hair made her way over towards her.

”Oh, nothing, Hannah, I’m just looking for a bathroom.”

Hannah’s expression changed to one of confusion, “don’t you see the port-a-potties over there?” She pointed over towards a growing line by a set of green port-a-potties.

Kaylee’s stomach dropped, “what about the bathrooms?”

Hannah now looked even more confused, “those are bathrooms, silly! Come on, let’s both go before warmups.”

Kaylee stomach dropped even more, “I-I can’t go in those! People have already… y’know!”

Hannah smiled, “yeah, and I’d rather not know honestly. Now come on, we should get in line before it grows any longer!”

Kaylee shook her head violently, “No! I can’t do that! I-I-I’m just going to hold it instead!”

Hannah shook her head, “I don’t think that’s a good idea, Kaylee. I’d definitely end up peeing myself if I did that. You should just get in line and get it over wi-“

”No, I’ll be fine! I don’t want to get myself sick!” Kaylee responded quickly.

Hannah shrugged her shoulders, “alright, but don’t cost yourself the race because you pee yourself, ok?”

With that she walked off as Kaylee felt pressure again begin to build up in her bladder. She could do this, right?

…

Slow pain slowly progressed to constant torture as Kaylee progressed through warmups. Every movement made her bladder lash out in pain, and made her question her decision, but she couldn’t bear to even step foot in that port-a-potty. She’d have to find a way to hold it until the end of the race.

”Girls, to the starting line!”

Kaylee took a deep breath, she could this.

…

”Ladies welcome to the 63rd annual Leslie Ross Invitational. This is a 5k race. The race will begin on gunshot. At any time if-“

Kaylee felt so immersed in her bursting bladder that the words the guy with the flag was speaking really didn’t mean anything to her. She felt someone tag her on the shoulder and looked over to see Hannah smiling at her, “ready to go down, bitch?”

Kaylee smiled back at her, “yeah, that’ll be the day. Try not to let those giant monsters slow you down,” motioning towards her breasts.

Hannah wrapped her arms around her chest in defense, “well, try not to piss yourself halfway through the race, that ass will already look appealing enough to those boys without being wet.”

Kaylee shook her head, “you’re the worst.”

Hannah laughed, “I know.”

…

After the teams took their runout and got back to the starting line, Hannah felt like she was about to burst. Just focus, she told herself, it’ll all be over in a flash. The whistle to get up to the line was first. Once it was blown, the pain in Kaylee’s bladder vanished. It was game time. Silence, then the gun shot. The race was on.

Kaylee shot off like a cannon, her adrenaline blasting her off through the opening straightaway with power, Hannah being the next closest to her but still distant. Her adrenaline carried her all the way through the first third of the race, which went like a breeze. However, after her adrenaline wore off, the bloated state of her bladder was then made present again. She was in trouble.

Trying to focus on her breathing, Kaylee continued to stride on through the next mile, still barely losing a beat. Just a mile and change to go, she had this.

And it certainly looked like this, she still had a decent lead through the third mile, however it started to shrink as her pace slowed and her bladder filled further.

Every time Kaylee tried to start grabbing herself she lost balance and would just keep going. Entering the final straightaway, Kaylee was on her last leg. Completely ignoring everyone shouting her name and cheering her on, Kaylee couldn’t focus on anything but not exploding all over herself. Her pee felt pressed against her pee hole, begging for release, and her body wanted to oblige. All Kaylee wanted to do was stop running to ease a bit of the pain, but she had to finish.

It seemed at least that she had locked up the race coasting down the straightaway, until she heard the shouting spectators scream a different name other than her own. She turned around to see Hannah quickly gaining on her until she was basically next to her. Kaylee had to sprint.

Striding her legs to match Hannah’s pace, she felt spurts start to escape and dampen her panties and then trickle down her legs, but she just didn’t care. Putting everything into it, Kaylee found a different gear, outstriding her best friend and crossing the finish line first, but before she could celebrate, it all came pouring out.

With adrenaline no longer keeping Kaylee’s bladder under control, there was no stopping it. A stream of pee started to soak into her underwear and shorts and then flow down her legs. Noticing this, Kaylee just bent down and let her pee flow freely out of her and onto the grass below. Her breaths were heavy and quick, but she couldn’t help but moan in pleasure.

”Told you you’d wet yourself.” The voice behind her was struggling. Kaylee looked back momentarily to see Hannah trying, and failing, to not laugh at her friend while also trying to gain back her normal breathing pattern.

Once her flow came to a stop, Kaylee turned back towards her friend, who hugged her, “I don’t know how you did it, you’re going to have to tell me your secret Kay,” she was choking back giggles which caused Kaylee to start laughing hysterically as well.

”I guess you might just want to start holding your pee before a race too, eh?”

Hannah smirked at her, “fuck no.” The two shared one more laugh before walking back to the tent.

Thanks for reading! I hope you enjoyed this story, I hope to find time to continue my stories soon!

