Stuck in the car

Author: Red Simpson

*000*2020-07-21 17:40

It had been a long day at University for Katie Miles, the young and she 19 with elegant dyed blue hair and grey blue eyes, she'd been wearing her favourite t shirt which had a dragon roaring by her stomach with a brand new pair of skinny jeans which was a gift from her girlfriend/roommate there was a red rose by the right pocket, along with that she wore a strapless bra cotton briefs with trainers.

Katie had been sat in class with a rather full bladder praying for the bell to ring so she could go home and pee into a clean toilet while holding her bladder in a way that wouldn't draw attention to herself, with her legs squeezing themselves together she almost jumped for joy when she heard the bell.

"Alright Class that is it for the day remember your assignments are due in next week so please make sure....." Katie started to drown her professor out she had to pee badly and no one was going to stop her from getting to a clean bathroom as she grabs her things and rushes towards her car that was parked in the designated student's car park. She grabs her keys from her bag and gets into her car before heading off home with a hand on her crotch, however with only 10 minutes left on the trip the car in front of her slowed down to a grinding halt.

Katie was stuck in her car with no way to relieve herself, she sticks both her hands down her jeans to prevent any pee from escaping and kept her legs as together as she could, yet the traffic wasn't moving what could be the cause? After 5 minutes the traffic began to move at a snails pace Katie had to remove her hands to her bladder's dismay and crawl along behind the car in front, then after a few yards the car in front stopped again this time in front of road work traffic lights.

*Oh come on...I gotta pee....* she thinks to herself as she sticks her hands back down her jeans unfortunately she could feel control slipping away as she tries with all her might to not let go of her bladder, she squeezes her eyes shut as the last of her control slips.

Katie's eyes widen as she suddenly feels her warm pee escape her womanhood and the sudden feeling of relief as hour of desperation and pressure in her abdomen suddenly and quickly faded away being replaced with the warm feeling running down her thighs and up her ass only for the seat she was sitting on to do it's best to soak up her pee, she was lost in her own world for a moment before the light turned green and she began to drive while peeing. It was the weirdest yet most relieving feeling ever.

"No wonder Ellie loves this." she sighs to herself as her stream began to weaken leaving the cooling feeling of her wet jeans and soaked car seat.

Soon Katie pulled up to her house and let herself in seeing Ellie on the sofa her hands on her crotch, she see's Katie and the wet patch on her jeans.

"My what happened to you?" she asks with interest.

"I just discovered how amazing it feels to piss yourself Ellie." Katie replies as she gets escorted upstairs for some fun time with her girlfriend.

