A hopefully decent fiction set in the universe of Kanon (2006)

Author: RagingPython

*000*2019-02-24 04:03

I’m terrible at titles so I’ll leave this story without a name for now. Maybe if you guys can think of one you could suggest it and I’d try to add it. Basically, I wrote this for personal usage and I decided to upload it here when I saw that there is somehow no content written about this anime. You’d think someone would’ve written some fiction based off of it already. Also, I don't normally feel self conscious at all when I post stories to the internet, or at least I never used to, but man do I feel like that about this. Nethertheless, here we go! [Oh, this might actually contain some minor spoilers for Kanon, due to the fact that I just made this up one night, originally intending on keeping it just to me.]

Intro

Shiori sat opposite Yuuichi, smiling sweetly. They were at a cafe near their school, enjoying a pot of tea together, after a day of lessons. They both knew they wouldn’t be able to spend much more time together, and decided to make the most of the next few days, hence why they had gone out after school that day. They had a short conversion about their lessons, and finished their tea, before leaving the cafe. Shiori said: “Where do you want to go, Yuuichi-kun?”

”I was expecting you’d want to go to the museum of Tabasco-sauce manufacturing or something.” Replied Yuuichi, joking around and knowing full well that she hated spicy food.

“I don’t like people who say things like that...” Said Shiori, turning her head away from him, like she usually did when he teased her.

”I’m joking. I expect you really want to go somewhere quiet and calming, like a library or a park. That’s what you normally like, isn’t it?”

Shiori replied, while beginning to walk to the library: ”That would be nice. How about we do some reading together? Are there any books you like?”

”Not unless you include manga.”

”I guess it does count as literature, in a way. Don’t worry, I’ll introduce you to some of my favourites. You’ll have plenty of time to read them all... even if it’s not all... with m-me.”

”Well, I’ll probably read them all someday. I look forward to finding out which ones you like. I used to read quite a lot, you know.”

The couple then set off towards to library, looking forwards to a few hours of peace together.

End of Intro

Chapter 1

The two reached the library shortly after, and Yuuichi asked: “Which series did you say you liked?”

Shiori replied: “I’ll find it, you find us somewhere comfy to sit.”

”Okay.”

Yuuichi found a nice secluded corner, with a couple of beanbags to sit on, and stood up to look for Shiori when she came back with the books. After finding the books, she came back to where they were standing earlier and Yuuichi began to wave, which attracted her over. She was carrying a load of books, at least 8 of them; “she must have been hoping I’d take them home with me when we are done,” thought Yuuichi, and sat down on a beanbag.

Shiori had grabbed two copies of the first book, so they could read together. When she had put down all of the books, she sat down, close to Yuuichi and curled up with him. The book was a novel Yuuichi had never heard of, set in a alternate past, on a floating island in the sky. The cover represented this perfectly, the title was drawn out of beautiful golden letters, drawn in front of a logo comprised of clouds. Beneath the logo was a single floating island, with a singular tree and a small house. The book was interesting, an adventure with romance, comedy and drama elements.

Shiori smiled as Yuuichi began to read. She was glad to be spending so much time with him, for she secretly had feelings for him despite the fact that she knew she shouldn’t ever get to close to anyone.

End of Chapter 1

I’ll continue this, tomorrow probably, as it’s currently 4AM where I am. Also, I know this might seem really slow paced to you, that’s just how I like stories. I even like fictions like this to have a lot of slow paced sections with lots of dialogue.

*001*2019-02-27 06:14

@@Alright, so I’m sorry for not continuing this yet. I tried one day, only to realise I’d hit my limit of posts I could make per day. I expect that’s just because my account’s new though. I wasn’t gonna update it today either, I was going to bed, but then I got woken up by an EARTHQUAKE. Now to some of the Americans and Japanese and Italians that’s probably not too uncommon, but out here in the UK earthquakes are super rare, and usually quite small. To put that into context, my dad’s lived here for 50 years, and he’s only ever seen one earthquake. It woke up him up 20 years ago. But yeah, so now because a 3.6 magnitude earthquake with an epicentre 5 miles away from me scared the pants off me a couple hours ago, I probably won’t be able to go to sleep for a while and may as well work on this. Also, I don’t know what time it is for whoever’s reading this, but for me it’s now 6AM GMT and the earthquake happened at 3:42AM GMT. Anyway, enough of my earthquake story I’ll get onto the bit you are here for:

Chapter 2:

Shiori realised the two cups of tea she’d had in the cafe with Yuuchi might not have been a good idea after she had been reading with him for a while. It was nothing serious, but she felt the urge to go. She ignored it, taking her mind off of it by continuing to read with Yuuichi. The couple read for another hour or two, getting though around half of the book, when Yuuichi put his copy down and told Shiori the time. Shiori was disappointed that they wouldn’t be able to read together anymore, but understood that the sun was setting and she couldn’t stay in the library forever.

”Yuuichi.” she said, “Do you want to go to the nice place with th-the fountain... so we can w-watch the sunset... t-together?”

”Why not?” Replied Yuuichi, “Let’s do it, I know you like that place and it’s nice to spend time together. Do you want me to go and take out the books?”

“No, it’s okay. I’ll do it.” Said Shiori, with a smile.

Shiori took the pile of books from Yuuichi, and asked the librarian if she could have them. While the librarian was processing her request, she realised she still needed the bathroom. The pressure was worse now, uncomfortable yet manageable. She fidgeted a little but decided again going so she wouldn’t keep Yuuichi waiting.

End of Chapter 2:

So... things are getting started now! I’m sorry this took so long, really. I was kinda worried my post would get taken down or not even approved because I didn’t start the omo stuff off in the first post, but I’d seen other people do it and decided it’d probably be fine. Again, sorry if this seems too slow paced to you, that’s just how I like these things.

Oh, and yes, I can’t believe I misspelled the title. I’m typing on an iPad, and the ‘ key is right next to the ) key. If a mod or admin or something could fix that, I’d love it. It’s supposed to be “Kanon (2006)” rather than “Kanon (2006’”

*003*2019-02-28 21:47

{{26 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

This is fantastic so far

}}

Wow. Wasn’t expecting someone so big in this community to even notice this, let alone enjoy it.

*004*2019-02-28 22:03

Chapter 3:

Shiori walked back towards Yuuchi, carrying all of the books. She put them in Yuuichi’s schoolbag, which he still had with him, and they left the library, heading for the park. Shiori liked this park, it had a nice fountain with a bench she could watch from. She was yet to show it to Yuuchi at night, when she knew it looked best. A few minutes of walking later, the couple arrived and sat down together. Shiori leant against Yuuchi, using him for support, feeling the warmth of his body; a stark contrast to the snow outside.

”It’s still daytime, Yuuichi, but the sun will set soon. And then... we can watch it... t-together.” She said.

”Yeah, I look forward to it, it’s not every day you get to sit with a girl and do something romantic like watching the sunset together.” Replied Yuuchi.

Shiori blushed at that, but not wanting to accidentally reveal her feelings for him, she hid her face and moved closer to Yuuichi.

”Have you ever done something like this before then?” Said Shiori, wondering if this was his first romantic experience with a girl.

”I can’t really remember doing anything like this; people always say I don’t have much of an eye for girls. Then again though, j don’t remember a lot of things that’ve happened over the past 7 years, so it’s possible I’ve just forgotten.”

”It’s my first time; watching a sunset with a guy, Yuuichi. I hope it’s yours too.” Said Shiori, again blushing.

”Anyway, Shiori, it’s quite cold and we have some time before the sun sets. I’m thinking of getting some tea or a hot chocolate or something. Is there anything you want me to get you?”

”U-umm.... I-I’ll have whatever you are having, Yuuichi.” Said Shiori, smiling sweetly, and completely forgetting about her bladder situation.

Yuuichi then set off out into the snow. As he left, Shiori remembered that she probably shouldn’t have asked for anything, considering how she already had to go rather badly. The blushing girl fidgeted as she waited for Yuuichi’s return.

End of Chapter 3:

*006*2019-03-01 09:14

{{8 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a excellent chapter

}}

Thanks!

*007*2019-03-03 01:23

Chapter 4:

Yuuichi walked out of the park, heading past the café he had visited earlier, into the town center. He went to a shop, and brought two hot chocolates, and a bottle of water. Along with this, he grabbed a pot of Shiori’s favourite food, vanilla ice cream. Then, he headed back to his companion. Shiori saw the large cup of drink he had brought for her, and trying to hide her alarm hoped it wasn’t tea; the diuretic effect wouldn’t help if it was. Yuuichi sat down next to her, and gave her the ice cream, holding onto the two drinks.

”I got you some ice cream as well as a hot chocolate, I know you love eating it in the snow.” Said Yuuichi.

”T-thank you...” Said Shiori, surprised at the generosity.

”If you want some hot chocolate, just ask. Otherwise I’ll hold onto it so you can eat your ice cream.” Yuuchi said.

”Okay.”

Shiori was glad that it was hot chocolate rather than tea or coffee, and luckily for her, Yuuichi just assumed she was happy with the ice cream. Shiori shivered a bit in the cold, and Yuuichi reached around and put his coat around her, causing her to blush in surprise.

”H-huh!? Y-Yuuchi?” Shiori said.

”Oh, sorry. I assumed you were cold as you were shaking. I expect the ice cream’s not helping. So I thought I’d let you borrow my coat for a bit until you were done with the ice cream and could drink some of your hot chocolate. I’ll take it off you if you don’t want it.” Replied Yuuichi.

”N-no, it’s fine. I feel much warmer now. You really are kind, Yuuichi...”

End of Chapter 4:

Chapter 5:

Shiori finished her ice cream, and took her hot chocolate. Shiori was worried that she wouldn’t be able to handle so much, but was glad of it anyway: it was nice and warm, and a gift from Yuuichi. She gave Yuuichi back his coat, and started to drink some. It felt nice as the warmth spread through her small body, the hot liquid pouring down her throat. Shiori fidgeted a little more than normal as she drank it, trying not to think about how it would feel later. She drank about a third of her drink, and placed the cup on a nearby wall. She settled back down on the bench, and rested herself on Yuuichi, using him for support.

”Are you still cold, Shiori?”

”Umm... a bit. The hot chocolate really helped, and thanks for letting me borrow your coat... that was so considerate of you.”

“Alright. You’d think you’d be used to the cold by now, seeing as you’ve lived for so long.” Said Yuuichi, pulling Shiori closer to him and putting his arm around her.

Shiori blushed at the sudden development, but was secretly glad of it. She liked being close to Yuuichi, and it made her heart pound.

”Y-Yuuichi! T-thank you...”

“I don’t mind. You’re quite soft, and it’s cute when you blush like that.”

Shiori felt her cheeks grow a deeper red, but couldn’t think of a good response and instead relaxed and enjoyed Yuuichi’s company.

A short while later...

Yuuichi’s actions had taken Shiori’s mind off of her bladder, but after a while it got her attention again. Shiori could feel the pressure between her legs increasing, and tried not to fidget or move about too much as she didn’t want Yuuichi to notice. Trying to think of other things, Shiori started to regret choosing to sit near a fountain. She crossed her legs together, which alleviated the pressure somewhat. Despite the mitigation, she knew it was going to be a problem later.

”Are you alright, Shiori?” Asked Yuuichi.

”N-no! I mean y-yes! It’s n-nothing!” Said Shiori, trying to sit as still as possible.

”Oh good! It’s just that you looked a little uncomfortable.”

Shiori was feeling more than a little uncomfortable at this point, but she didn’t tell Yuuichi this.

”No, I’m fine. Definitely.” Said Shiori, hiding her need.

”Okay. Don’t forget about your hot chocolate, Shiori.” Said Yuuichi, pointing to her drink.

End of Chapter 5:

So, things are getting really interesting now! Two chapters today as well! However, I have a question. Because I only have two characters, do you like it when I say who’s saying each line of text? Because for the most part it’s quite easy to tell as the conversation bounces between the two characters and they quite often use each others’ names.

*008*2019-03-03 02:03

Oh wow, not only can I edit my posts now, (or at least, the most recent one.) but my story is also number 1 on the Frontpage, or at least it is on my screen. That’s crazy.

*010*2019-03-03 02:17

{{1 minute ago, Melificentfan said:

I am so loving this story

}}

Thanks! Me too. : )

*011*2019-03-03 03:36

Tfw you write 2 more chapters and then the it all deletes for some reason and have to start over.

*012*2019-03-03 04:06

Chapter 6:

Shiori almost winced after being reminded of her hot chocolate, knowing Yuuichi would expect her to drink it all. She picked it up, and drank about 3/4 of what was left. She felt the warm liquid slide down her throat, but she was unable to enjoy the sensation of warmth as the pressure on her bladder was too great to ignore now and she that this would only make things worse. She hoped that it would take a while to hit her. She held onto the cup, and turned to Yuuichi:

”U-um... Y-Yuuichi... I-I really c-can’t finish it... it’s j-just a b-bit too m-much for me...”

”Oh. It’s a shame to waste it, but if you really can’t manage it all than it’s fine.”

”Y-you can drink it if-if you l-like... I-I d-don’t m-mind...”

Yuuichi took the cup from her, and drank it all. Shiori blushed, knowing she’d just had an indirect kiss from Yuuichi, although he didn’t seem to notice. She was distracted from this however, as the sky grew more orange and the sun’s descent seemed to accelerate.

“L-look Yuuichi! Th-the sun is s-starting to s-set.”

”Perfect! Just let me throw this away, and then we can watch it together.”

Yuuichi got up and walked towards the nearest bin. Shiori was upset to be left alone, although it wasn’t for long, but she was glad of it as after Yuuichi went out of view, she crossed her legs and squirmed around, enjoying the feeling of relief it brought. Yuuichi came back rather quickly, and Shiori stopped moving and sat still, waiting for Yuuichi to put his arm around her again. He sat down, and Shiori relaxed onto him, happy to be back with her crush.

The sun set quite fast, and it didn’t take long to sink beneath the rooftops and trees as they were in a town to the far north of Japan. The two sat together for a while afterwards, enjoying the nighttime air.

Unfortunately for Shiori, the sun took long enough for all that liquid to reach her bladder and she was forced to cross her legs to hold it in. She was fidgeting uncomfortably, despite Yuuichi being so close to her. She couldn’t hold it back any other way anymore, and desperately hoped that Yuuchi wouldn’t notice. The two had a conversation, and Shiori was shocked that Yuuichi didn’t notice, or at least was doing a good job hiding the fact that he had noticed, her unsteady voice, that would hitch occasionally on certain words whenever she felt her bladder bulge.

A short while later...

“You haven’t said anything in a while, Shiori. Are you tired or something? Do want to go home?”

”Nnnngh... n-no... I-I’m f-fine...” Shiori had her legs crossed as tightly as possible, was unable to stop herself letting out small exclamations of discomfort. She was fidgeting more than ever, and she was sure Yuuichi must have noticed what she was experiencing, and was simply pretending not to to spare her the embarrassment. She was in two minds about wanting to go home, he bladder was fuller than ever and she didn’t think she’d make it if she waited much longer, but she wanted to stay with Yuuichi for as long as possible... but the mere thought of going home to a bathroom was enough to make her want to burst...

”Ooooooh... r-really... i-it’s n-nothing...”

End of Chapter 6:

So, I have an interesting idea for chapter 7. Instead of having one ending, I’m going to write a few different endings, so that you can choose the one that you like the most. I’ve seen people talking about how they wish a fiction like this ended in a different way that better suited their kink, so hopefully this is a good solution.

Ending 1: Just made it.

Ending 2: Almost made it.

Ending 3: Wetting A.

Ending 4: Wetting B.

*014*2019-03-03 07:23

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

Nice I can't wait to read all of the possible endings

}}

Thanks! I’ll either be posting them today or tomorrow. Not sure what time though, I have an astronomically fucked up sleep schedule right now and a serious case of insomnia like I’ve never seen before. The other day I lied in bed for 10 hours in the dark with all my technology powered off when I felt really tired and just couldn’t fall asleep. I honestly don’t know what’s going on to be honest. I think it’s a reaction to me stopping my ADHD meds temporarily and then restarting them, or the antibiotics I’m taking have some kind of affect on me.

I’m really glad people actually enjoy my stories.

*015*2019-03-05 00:11

Ending 1:

Shiori pressed her hand between her legs, which helped a bit. She sat with him for a couple of minutes, trying to block out the sound of the water fountain. As beautiful as it was, now really wasn’t the time, she thought. After that, she realised if she wanted to make it to a bathroom she was going to have to move quickly.

”Yuuichi...” she began to say.

”What is it, Shiori?”

”I... I lied... it’s not really nothing...”

”Well if it’s not really nothing, what’s wrong?”

”I-I really need th-the... the b-bathroom...”

Yuuichi held her free hand, and said: “Come on then, let’s hurry. You can do it, you just have to focus.” trying to reassure her.

”O-okay...”

Shiori stood up, holding tightly to Yuuichi’s hand with her left, and holding herself with her right. Standing up helped a bit, and Shiori felt a bit more confident in her ability to make it. Still squirming, she followed Yuuichi out of the park.

”Do you know where any public toilets are, Shiori?”

”N-no... I-I don’t... b-but y-your house is closer than m-mine... I-I think I can m-make it th-there...”

“Alright.” said Yuuichi, squeezing her hand reassuringly.

The couple hurried through the town centre. They were still fairly slow however, as Shiori couldn’t run like this and had to stop to cross her legs occasionally. Even when she was moving, it was slow because too much movement could be too much for her weakening bladder. She kept her right hand pressed tightly against between her legs, trying to hold it in.

“Do you think you could walk a bit faster, Shiori?”

”Nnnngh... no... it’s h-hard enough j-just d-doing this...”

”Okay. Just keep holding, alright?”

”I-I’ll try...”

Yuuichi and Shiori continued walking down the snow covered streets, past shops and cafés and all sorts of businesses. They were mostly deserted, much to Shiori’s delight. She wouldn’t want anyone to see her so desperate.

”Yuuichi... did y-you know I-I had to g-go...?”

”For a while, yeah.”

”I-I s-should’ve gone... at th-the library...”

”Huh? You didn’t go at the library? I assumed you’d gone when you dropped the books off, that’s what I did.”

”U-unfortunately no... I-I wanted to, b-but I held it in... because I d-didn’t want to m-make you w-wait...”

”Oh, Shiori. I feel bad now for making you drink so much hot chocolate... no wonder you filled up so fast, you were already holding back 2 cups of tea from back in the café.”

”Y-yeah... It’s okay, th-though... I-I liked the h-hot ch-chocolate...”

The two stopped talking for a bit as Shiori started to squirm even more than normal. Yuuichi slowed down a bit to let the bursting girl catch up.

”It’s not long now, just a couple more streets. You can do it, come on!” Yuuichi said reassuringly, smiling at her.

“Y-Yuuichi...” Was all Shiori was able to say, but she smiled in her usual sweet fashion. Her face was a deep red, but she still looked optimistic. (I feel like I’m going to burst...) she thought, and tried not to imagine what would happen if she did.

The two walked down one last street, before Yuuichi stopped and rung the doorbell. No one answered, but as the door was unlocked Yuuichi went inside with Shiori. There was a note on the table: “I’ve gone out to do some shopping, Nayuki’s upstairs, and I’ll be back later. -Akiko Minase.

”Shiori, the bathroom is just upstairs. I’ll go and tell Nayuki that you are here, you hurry to the bathroom alright?”

”T-thank... y-you...” Shiori said, and she slowly and carefully walked up the stairs, struggling with every step. Even moving was almost too much for her now. After she reached the second floor, she walked onwards to the bathroom. She wanted to sprint, but she knew she might explode if she did. (A-ahh... I really feel like I’m going to burst... I might not make it...) she thought to herself, but continued on anyway.

Yuuichi knocked on Nayuki’s door, and came in to tell her that Shiori was visiting for a cup of tea and that she was just going to use the bathroom, and then she’d come downstairs with them.

Shiori, at this point couldn’t take it any longer and just barely reached the bathroom door. Opening it, she stepped inside and realised she still had to remove her clothes. She used her free hand to remove her shawl, helping to hold herself with it every few seconds. As she did this, the urge built up to even more extreme levels and a little spurted out into her panties. Trying not to leak, she lowered these as well. Struggling even more now, she tried to remove her skirt and felt another spurt as she did so. With seconds to spare, she removed the skirt and sat down on the toilet, feeling the last 6 hours worth of built-up pee burst out. After she was finally done relieving her overflowing bladder, she pulled her slightly-damp panties back up and put her skirt back on, before carrying her shawl downstairs with her to Yuuichi.

”Did you make it in time?”

”Y-yes! D-don’t embarrass me...” Shiori said, her face red from both embarrassment and relief.

”I was worried, you looked just about to explode.”

”I don’t like people who say things like that... b-but yeah... I nearly did.” she replied.

Nayuki came in a minute later with a pot of tea, and all three of them spent some time together before Shiori left and headed home:

”Goodbye, Yuuichi!”

End of Ending 1:

Now that was a fun one to write. It was longer than I originally planned, but I feel like it turned out well. I’ll be writing my personal favourite scenario, Ending 2, soon. It’s also worth mentioning that I don’t write endings to these normally, I produce them subconsciously and enjoy the desperation bit, but normally cut off just before the ending as I don’t enjoy that as much. As a result, I have very little experience with writing endings and any criticism would be gratefully accepted so I can improve.

*017*2019-03-05 07:01

{{2 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was fantastic

}}

Thanks! I’ll try to write the other endings soon. :)

*018*2019-03-08 17:40

Sorry for not updating this in a while, I’m back to school after nearly a month of being at home with multiple illnesses, and I’ve only had time to post one update so far, and I chose to work on my other story. Getting up at 6AM is hard. Anyway, it’s the weekend now so I can get some work done on this.

Ending 2:

(All of Ending 1 until they reached the town centre)

Shiori was struggling more than Yuuichi had anticipated. They had barely reached the centre of town, near the shopping district, but already she was holding herself tight with one hand and was only able to walk slowly, stopping to cross her legs quite often. Yuuichi wanted to hurry, but he knew she wouldn’t be able to.

”You can do it; just stay strong. Try to keep moving.” said Yuuichi with a reassuring smile.

”Nnnngh... I-I don’t kn-know... I c-can’t t-take it... m-much l-longer...”

”If you keep trying, I’m sure you can do it. It’s just a little longer, we’ll be there soon.”

Shiori smiled, but remained silent, clearly focusing all her willpower on not wetting herself. She followed Yuuichi, slowly but surely, and she looked hopeful.

”A-ah... oo-ooh...” moaned Shiori a bit later, squeezing and crossing her legs, pressing both hands between them. Yuuichi theroized that she, not wanting to slow down Yuuichi had pushed herself a little too hard and nearly lost control.

“A-are you all right!?” shouted Yuuichi, unsure of how to help.

”N-no... I-I might n-not... m-make it...” Shiori replied, uncomfortably squirming around on the snowy street.

(I felt a little bit leak out... I barely managed to stop it... I have to stay strong.), she thought.

”I’m sorry, I didn’t realise... I should’ve asked you if had to go and taken you to the bathroom at the library earlier.”

”I-it’s m-my fault... f-for not t-telling... y-you s-sooner...”

”It doesn’t matter who’s fault it is, what matters is that we get you to a bathroom. Can you still walk?” Yuuichi said, holding out his hand for her.

”J-just a-about... N-not for l-long th-though; I’m a-almost at m-my l-limit...”

Shiori took his hand, using her other to hold herself tighter than ever, and followed Yuuichi again. (I nearly lost control there... I have to be careful! I can’t wet myself in front of Yuuichi...) she thought. Although they were able to advance again, Shiori seemed to be even more desperate now, and occasionally she’d suddenly stop, withdrawing her hand to help with her situation, and have to squirm for a moment. However, she’d normally catch up to Yuuichi afterwards.

(I-I felt a little bit spurt out... I don’t think I’m gonna make it...) thought Shiori, after one of these occasions.

Yuuichi held Shiori’s hand a little tighter, and continued on towards his house. Miraculously, they made it to the street it was on, but as they approached the door, Shiori suddenly stopped.

”A-aah... a-ahh... I-I... o-ooh... nnnngh... Y-Yuuichi...”

Yuuichi turned, to find Shiori squirming even more than usual. Her face was a deep red from embassment, and her frail body shook visibly with desperation, and despite both her hands being pressed down hard, she had had to almost double-cross her legs. Yuuichi felt bad for her; unsure she could even move anymore, and wishing Shiori had just told him sooner about her predicament so he could’ve gone with her earlier.

”We’re here, Shiori. Don’t give up! It’s just upstairs, down the hall. You can do it; keep trying.”

(I won’t make it... I’m about to burst...) thought Shiori, barely able to keep it all in. Despite this, she nodded weakly and tried to walk. Every step was painful, and her overloaded bladder bulged and shifted, the heavy liquid sloshing around with every move... (I can feel it moving... I-I feel like I’m going to overflow... It’s like a balloon completely filled with water...), Shiori thought to herself. She just about made it through the doorway, and was a short distance into the house when she felt her dam break. (O-ooh! I-I can’t stop it... nnngh... it’s-it’s... a-ahh...) she thought, and felt it all start pouring out. The hot liquid splashed down her legs, and she finally collapsed onto the floor, finally surrendering to her need after the past few hours of desperation.

Hearing the sound, Yuuichi turned towards her, just in time for her to shout: “N-no! Please d-don’t look! Not now!”. He closed his eyes quickly, and tried to block out the noise. Shiori, having fallen to the floor, tried her hardest to stop the flow, but it was too much for her. The relief overcame her, and she was soaked by the time it had come to a stop. She stood up, amid a large puddle that covered most of the wooden floor she was stood upon.

”Y-Yuuichi... I’m so sorry...” she said, embarrassed and almost sobbing.

“I-It’s alright. You held it in for so long. At least you didn’t lose control outside, right? That’s a positive to all this.” he replied, smiling despite the situation, and trying to stay positive.

”I-I should’ve told you... b-but we were s-so comfy together... and I-I wanted to watch th-the sunset...”

”If you’d told me how badly you had to go earlier, than I wouldn’t have brought you such a large hot chocolate. I could’ve sat and watched the sunset with you, and then we could’ve hurried to the nearest bathroom. But, it’s alright. I don’t mind, you withstood it for longer than most people could.”

”Y-you’re right... I-I’m still sorry... d-do you want me to c-c-clean up?” she said, blushing even harder now.

”No, you wait here for a minute, I’ll get you a towel, then dry out and have a shower. I’ll clean this up, and tell Nayuki what happened. When you are done, come back to me and I’ll run you a nice bath.”

”Thank y-you... Y-Yuuichi...” she said finally, her voice still shaking from embarrassment.

Yuuichi cleaned up the puddle while Shiori washed herself up. A couple of hours later, after a nice bath for Shiori, Yuuichi and Shiori explained what happened to Nayuki. They had a nice cup of tea together, before Shiori stood up to leave.

”Goodbye, Yuuichi!” she said, with one of her trademark sweet smiles, and left the house with her heart pounding.

End of Ending 2:

That was amazingly fun to write, and incredibly hot as well. I honestly can’t believe I spent 3 years being into this fetish without adding endings to my stories, now that I know how brilliant they can be I’ll be ending all of these.

Anyway, I hope you enjoy. :) Endings 3 and 4 should come soon.

*019*2019-03-08 21:21

{{3 hours ago, RagingPython said:

Sorry for not updating this in a while, I’m back to school after nearly a month of being at home with multiple illnesses, and I’ve only had time to post one update so far, and I chose to work on my other story. Getting up at 6AM is hard. Anyway, it’s the weekend now so I can get some work done on this.

Ending 2:

(All of Ending 1 until they reached the town centre)

Shiori was struggling more than Yuuichi had anticipated. They had barely reached the centre of town, near the shopping district, but already she was holding herself tight with one hand and was only able to walk slowly, stopping to cross her legs quite often. Yuuichi wanted to hurry, but he knew she wouldn’t be able to.

”You can do it; just stay strong. Try to keep moving.” said Yuuichi with a reassuring smile.

”Nnnngh... I-I don’t kn-know... I c-can’t t-take it... m-much l-longer...”

”If you keep trying, I’m sure you can do it. It’s just a little longer, we’ll be there soon.”

Shiori smiled, but remained silent, clearly focusing all her willpower on not wetting herself. She followed Yuuichi, slowly but surely, and she looked hopeful.

”A-ah... oo-ooh...” moaned Shiori a bit later, squeezing and crossing her legs, pressing both hands between them. Yuuichi theroized that she, not wanting to slow down Yuuichi had pushed herself a little too hard and nearly lost control.

“A-are you all right!?” shouted Yuuichi, unsure of how to help.

”N-no... I-I might n-not... m-make it...” Shiori replied, uncomfortably squirming around on the snowy street.

(I felt a little bit leak out... I barely managed to stop it... I have to stay strong.), she thought.

”I’m sorry, I didn’t realise... I should’ve asked you if had to go and taken you to the bathroom at the library earlier.”

”I-it’s m-my fault... f-for not t-telling... y-you s-sooner...”

”It doesn’t matter who’s fault it is, what matters is that we get you to a bathroom. Can you still walk?” Yuuichi said, holding out his hand for her.

”J-just a-about... N-not for l-long th-though; I’m a-almost at m-my l-limit...”

Shiori took his hand, using her other to hold herself tighter than ever, and followed Yuuichi again. (I nearly lost control there... I have to be careful! I can’t wet myself in front of Yuuichi...) she thought. Although they were able to advance again, Shiori seemed to be even more desperate now, and occasionally she’d suddenly stop, withdrawing her hand to help with her situation, and have to squirm for a moment. However, she’d normally catch up to Yuuichi afterwards.

(I-I felt a little bit spurt out... I don’t think I’m gonna make it...) thought Shiori, after one of these occasions.

Yuuichi held Shiori’s hand a little tighter, and continued on towards his house. Miraculously, they made it to the street it was on, but as they approached the door, Shiori suddenly stopped.

”A-aah... a-ahh... I-I... o-ooh... nnnngh... Y-Yuuichi...”

Yuuichi turned, to find Shiori squirming even more than usual. Her face was a deep red from embassment, and her frail body shook visibly with desperation, and despite both her hands being pressed down hard, she had had to almost double-cross her legs. Yuuichi felt bad for her; unsure she could even move anymore, and wishing Shiori had just told him sooner about her predicament so he could’ve gone with her earlier.

”We’re here, Shiori. Don’t give up! It’s just upstairs, down the hall. You can do it; keep trying.”

(I won’t make it... I’m about to burst...) thought Shiori, barely able to keep it all in. Despite this, she nodded weakly and tried to walk. Every step was painful, and her overloaded bladder bulged and shifted, the heavy liquid sloshing around with every move... (I can feel it moving... I-I feel like I’m going to overflow... It’s like a balloon completely filled with water...), Shiori thought to herself. She just about made it through the doorway, and was a short distance into the house when she felt her dam break. (O-ooh! I-I can’t stop it... nnngh... it’s-it’s... a-ahh...) she thought, and felt it all start pouring out. The hot liquid splashed down her legs, and she finally collapsed onto the floor, finally surrendering to her need after the past few hours of desperation.

Hearing the sound, Yuuichi turned towards her, just in time for her to shout: “N-no! Please d-don’t look! Not now!”. He closed his eyes quickly, and tried to block out the noise. Shiori, having fallen to the floor, tried her hardest to stop the flow, but it was too much for her. The relief overcame her, and she was soaked by the time it had come to a stop. She stood up, amid a large puddle that covered most of the wooden floor she was stood upon.

”Y-Yuuichi... I’m so sorry...” she said, embarrassed and almost sobbing.

“I-It’s alright. You held it in for so long. At least you didn’t lose control outside, right? That’s a positive to all this.” he replied, smiling despite the situation, and trying to stay positive.

”I-I should’ve told you... b-but we were s-so comfy together... and I-I wanted to watch th-the sunset...”

”If you’d told me how badly you had to go earlier, than I wouldn’t have brought you such a large hot chocolate. I could’ve sat and watched the sunset with you, and then we could’ve hurried to the nearest bathroom. But, it’s alright. I don’t mind, you withstood it for longer than most people could.”

”Y-you’re right... I-I’m still sorry... d-do you want me to c-c-clean up?” she said, blushing even harder now.

”No, you wait here for a minute, I’ll get you a towel, then dry out and have a shower. I’ll clean this up, and tell Nayuki what happened. When you are done, come back to me and I’ll run you a nice bath.”

”Thank y-you... Y-Yuuichi...” she said finally, her voice still shaking from embarrassment.

Yuuichi cleaned up the puddle while Shiori washed herself up. A couple of hours later, after a nice bath for Shiori, Yuuichi and Shiori explained what happened to Nayuki. They had a nice cup of tea together, before Shiori stood up to leave.

”Goodbye, Yuuichi!” she said, with one of her trademark sweet smiles, and left the house with her heart pounding.

End of Ending 2:

That was amazingly fun to write, and incredibly hot as well. I honestly can’t believe I spent 3 years being into this fetish without adding endings to my stories, now that I know how brilliant they can be I’ll be ending all of these.

Anyway, I hope you enjoy. :) Endings 3 and 4 should come soon.

}}

@Melificentfan

You seemed interested in the others but didn’t comment so I wanted to check if you’d scene this.

*021*2019-03-09 09:35

{{10 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Lol I just now saw this and I love it

}}

I’m glad! That one was great fun to write and it turned out way better than I expected. It’s my first time writing or even imagining something like that so I was really surprised at how everything just seemed to fit together, I’d write one thing and immediately know what to put next.

I’m actually looking forward to writing the other two now considering how good the first two have been. :)

