Poor, Poor Connie

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2018-01-12 13:21

Connie was a beautiful, bright twenty year old blonde. A white girl, but a little tan as it was summer and she and her friends were getting back from the beach. It was such a hot day that Connie guzzled down probably half the bottles of water that brought in the cooler. It was a fun day with her three friends and boyfriend who brought his buddy along. She loved her boyfriend Bricks and all her friends. But she was also a very self-conscience girl.

She had a rock hard, thin but nice beach body. And her glasses were a sexy feature to guys she met so she never got contacts. But she easily got embarrassed. Her embarrassment caused massive panic attacks, she would cry, turn red all over, sweat, shake, all from humiliation. So she tried to avoid situations that cause it.

Which is why it really sucked with what happened today.....

Connie only wore a black two piece swimsuit. Her black bra tight around her big boobs and black panties that tightened in the center of her butt and went up the crack to show her butt cheeks. Needless to say she noticed Bricks and his friend were trying hard to keep their boners down. She laughed. And they started to walk back to the car and head home.

“Today was a lot of fun,” Connie said.

“Definitely!” Her friend Mary said.

That’s when Connie noticed her bladder pain had grown much worse. She felt she had to go a little before, but now it was like a load pushing out of her.

“Ummm,” Connie started to shake. She didn’t want to admit her need to go in front of her friends. Embarrassing. “Guys I think I’m going to grab something back at the snack bar quick since it’s a long ride home.”

“I’ll come with you,” Bricks said.

“No babe, go keep my seat warm. I’ll get you something.” Then Connie ran off, feeling her bladder pains increase. Her legs tight as she took little steps and arms stuck to her sides. She was tense. The kind of feeling one gets when they get closer to the bathroom knowing relief is there but then it’s at a point where they can’t go back. “Oh I gotta pee, I gotta pee, I gotta—-Ah Shit!”

To her horror, both bathrooms had out of order signs. They were the only bathrooms in the beach. Seeing the ocean and splashing waves near by only made the ocean in her bladder about to explode out of her. She crossed her legs and bounced. Started to sweat. “Oooooh mannnnn!” She bit her lips knowing she had to work fast. She went under the boardwalk and got behind a pillar. Her breathing was heavy as she started to pull her panties down about to pee in the sand. The ride home was three hours she’d never make it. Again she did not want to tell her friends to stop somewhere it was too embarrassing. At last she knew she be getting release and smiled.

“Excuse me!”

A voice shocked Connie from behind. She quickly pulled her panties up, keeping every ounce of pee inside her still. It was a hunky lifeguard. This guy was ripped, and being so hot bad making her feel wet down there in her private area did not help her hold it. She crossed her sexy tan legs tight.

“Ms. Were you about to pee on this pillar?” He asked.

“What?!? No no no no no!” Connie faked a laugh as she barely held on to the load inside. “I-I-I jjjust wanted to see if there were seashells around here that I don’t own yet. Collecting that’s all.” Her voice was louder than she thought due to what was happening.

“Are you sure?” the lifeguard asked.”you don’t have to go?”

“Oh no me?!” Connies face covered in sweat and shook with crossed legs. “Nah ah. Not me!”

“Ok well I was going to say-“

She could not take this anymore. She had to go back to her friends or they would think she’s taking a crap instead somewhere. “I’m sorry but I really have to go....TO MY FRIENDS!” She have a final awkward laugh, fixing her glasses slipping off her face and ran off.

The lifeguard looked puzzled and said, “I was just going to say we have another restroom over there.” In the opposite direction Connie just ran, another men and women’s lavatory. Open and ready for anyone.

“Where the food?” Bricks asked

“Um um um um um!” Damn. Connie felt so stupid and started to turn red. Her bladder ached so bad she had to hold onto the car to keep herself up straight. “Snack bar closed. Babe let’s go.”

“There’s no rush Connie I mean-“

“I want to have sex once we get back.” They has only dated six months and Bricks was patient. Nice guy, they did sleep in the same bed a couple times but no sex yet. The guy of her dreams. “Imagine all this without these,” She introduced her hot body.

Her boyfriend nearly fell over as all the blood left his head and went into his erected dick. “LETS GO GUYS!”

That ride was the longest of her life. So painful as well. Bumps all over the road making her bladder feel like it would explode any second. She say her legs crossed and hands on crotch. Actually one hand covered the other, as the other hand poked under her panties into her pee hole to plug herself up. Connie felt like a boxer was taking one punch after the other into her gut she had to pee so bad. She tried to stop shaking. She really did.

“Babe you Ok?” Bricks asked.

Mary looked to the backseat and saw Connie. “You sick? We can pull over-“

“No!” She yelled uncontrollably. “I mean umm...I’m fine.” She bit her lips and formed a fake smile feeling her bladder send off signals. Red alert red alert! EMERGENCY!

One hour out of the three they had to drive passed. Suddenly...SPURT! Connie froze as a small leakage of pee shot out of her weakening crotch. She hasn’t had an accident since she was a baby. She was an adult for crying out loud. You would think living in an apartment with parents, an Uncle and Aunt, two cousins, and three siblings and one bathroom would teach self discipline and control. Nope! She had come close many times to this day nearly wetting herself. In front of her own family would be humiliating enough and cause her to die. And they lived in the city in a building with huge condos and apartments for big families. The only bathroom were those in the rooms.

Had she ever tried to cry when she had to wait in her Family bathroom line every morning? Duh! But they were a strict military Family. You fight or fail on your own and clean up your messes (literally in that case). One time she was bouncing aggressively up and down with her cousins and Dad in front of her in line saying she would burst. They would not let her cut. This happened to her siblings and cousins at times when they were last in line. Everyone fought to build strength. Luckily she made it that day. Granted she was not in countdown time at that time. She had not reached countdown time in years.

“Merrr!” She moaned quietly as a surge of cramps shot through her legs from crossing them so hard and a bladder pulse that made her squirm side to side in her car seat. Her leg cramp was so bad it felt like her calf muscles would pop out of the skin. She had to keep them crossed. Or she would explode!

Bricks noticed his girlfriend crying a little and shaking. It was clear what was happening. “Babe do you have to pee?”

Connie sucked on her lips as butterflies filled her stomach. “Wha-no. Just migraines that’s all.”

“You sure? Not be mean but you know about that issue I have right?” She remembered. Pee and poop grossed Bricks out. His last girlfriend was into omorashi and stuff like that and he thought it was nasty. And she really liked this guy. Her wetting did not mean he would break up with her, but it would be super embarrassing. He was captain of the college football team. So if something like that happened it would no doubt get around school.

Connie tried to admit she needed to go, but it would not come out of her mouth as words. This sucked! She was going to ruin her new expensive bathing suit, probably be unable to walk for a while due to these leg cramps she wouldn’t stretch out, embarrass herself in front of her friends, boyfriend (ex MAYBE if she couldn’t hold it in) and be humiliated probably if word got out around campus. SPURT!....another two small streams of leakage went down her leg. Connie’s eyes widened as she literally felt her belly would explode open any second as massive cramps shot through it and sent shivers up her spine. SPURT! She couldn’t stop. Another spurt of leakage.

Bricks friend turned to look at Connie sniffing. “Dude do you smell something?”

Bricks noticed it too. Connies heart was beating so fast she heard it and felt it beat against her chest. Her throat went dry. COUNTDOWN TIME! Her body alarms went off.

Countdown time only happened when she was literally about to burst. It was something her mom taught her as a kid when teaching her how to use the potty and it never failed. She had 60 seconds left. There were no exits. And she noticed they were stuck in traffic. Cars all around them.

“Ahhhh!” Connie cried as everyone looked at her shocked. “Guys please I...oh no...” she wrestled to open the car door and run out but it wouldn’t budge. Countdown time: 43....38.....” SPUURT! “No, no. No! Mary unlock the doors!” 20........10......”No....argh!” She pulled her legs up to her chest and crossed at ankles. It didn’t matter. She fought and fought but it was a losing battle. 3....2....”Errgggh No...Oh NO! CAN’T NOOOOOOOO! PLEASE NOT HERE NOOOO!”

Poor Connie could not control her bladder any longer. The force so strong it shot her legs open as hard streams of boiling pee that burned her crotch like fire shot out of her. She could not regain control as everyone in the car backed away and saw their friend explode into an eruption off pee that went everywhere. Seats, Windows....they all got out of the car and left Connie by herself as people in other cars stared and laughed. She turned so red as a river blew out from under her. Still coming! Liters of pent up pee being released against her will. Connies heart beats so fast she held her chest and cried harder than she ever had as she had the most embarrassing accident she ever had. Little did she know it would not be her last. “Ooohhhhoooooo! Why me?!! Why God WHY!!!!”

“What the?” Connie awoke. She was in her bed. Her blonde hair all around her face, her tan body only having on a white t shirt and dark blue panties that rode up her ass. Everything was dry. She was home. Bricks next Her in bed. “It was....just a dream.” That’s right she remembered. They came back from the bar last night after drinking for hours. They danced, laughed. Her boyfriend went to use the nasty bar bathroom and then they came home. They went straight to bed.

“Hey babe,” Bricks said. They kissed. “You were squirming all night and yelled a couple times. You ok?”

“Bad dream Bricks.” Thankfully it was all fake. Every consequence she went over in her mind in that dream would happen...but luckily it she didn’t wet herself. So for now she didn’t have to worry about doing something embarrassing in front of Bricks, having an accident in front of loved ones, probably needing surgery to fix her bladder. She laughed. Then she heard an alarm go off.

There was no alarm in the room. It was in her head. “What the?....EEEEE!” Oh no.....COUNTDOWN TIME! 60....58....Connie grabbed her crotch hard as she suddenly felt all those drinks had caught up with her and filled her bladder to explosion point. It hurt so bad and she could feel it coming.

Connie put on her glasses. She leaped out of bed and felt a surge of pain shoot through her leg. “AHH!” She fell. Bricks was barely awake.

“Babe what’s going on?” He asked getting up.

Connie looked and saw her foot. Her toes crossed over one another and her calf swollen. That was all a Dream last night, but it was influenced by things in her sleep. She must have got a leg cramp last night and forgot. COUNTDOWN TIME: 45....Connie had to go!

She pulled herself up from her dresser. “Come on....i...g-gotta make it. Or else I lose!” She was already embarrassed with all this in front of Bricks. She couldn’t imagine wetting herself next. NO! SHE COULD NOT PEE IN HER PANTIES! Connie hopped on one foot towards her bedroom door. "Ow, ow, ow!" 34......33.....30

Her breathing heavy, heart racing. But she felt a sigh of relief now that the toilet was only a couple doors down. She grabbed the knob, her bladder sending painful pulses everywhere in her body. "Almost there!" 25......24......23......Turned it, opened the door and ran out....

.....and imminently bumper into her brother. “Watch it!” He said.

Connie said, “I’m sorry Jason I just gotta-NO!” Jason, her two other siblings, cousins, Uncle and Aunt and mom all in front of her in a line where a couple other of them squirmed. Connie was last in a long bathroom line.

"Babe?" Bricks called from the room. Connie sweated, shook like crazy, her crotch on fire, belly having huge pulse like aches.

“Umm Guys!” She panicked. This can't be happening.......only it was. She bounced in place. “Guys can I cut please I just have to pee.” No dice. They all shook their heads as she knew the rules. Not in front of everyone she would die of embarrassment. “Guys.....Ummmm” Her arms crossed on her upper half as she rubbed her sides. No use. "I really REALLY gotta get in there. I have to use the bathroom." She then grunted, "Come on." She noticed Bricks behind her looking at her like this was all odd. Her face turned red. Then she grabbed her crotch hard and slouched over.......18.....15..... “Guys I can’t stop Countdown Time. I’m on Countdown Time and can’t stop it. Fighting a losing battle! Guys, please, GUYS!”

Poor, poor Connie.

THE END.

*002*2018-01-12 18:04

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

That was very good

}}

Thanks. Just disappointed it has not gotten many comments yet.

*005*2018-01-13 05:42

{{2 minutes ago, daniel2 said:

Did it really end like that?

}}

What do you mean? It's a fictional story lol end like what?

*007*2018-01-13 13:07

{{25 minutes ago, wedgeantilles said:

Great story, the part with the lifeguard felt incredible believable. "All bathrooms closed" is obviously a theme often used. And why not, they are just fictional stories. But it is not very plausible. But your twist is awesome. There ARE usable facilities next by - of course there are. She is just too hasty / shy to realize what the lifeguard wants to say.

That adds an awesome plausibility to the setting, great job!

}}

Thank you!! I hope the ending was ok as well. It’s basicallt implied what happens but we don’t see it. Kind of like the ending to Inception lol

