How the Scholarship Works

Author: Riverstone76

*011*2021-07-08 09:04

Chapter 7 part2:

They pulled into a motel early in the afternoon, and the owner of the motel smiled and waved at Ralph like they were old friends.

“Are you rescuing another one?” His old friend had come right up to the car to talk.

“Yep. This one is a nine year old. She’s calling me Uncle Ralph.”

The other man, with a sombrero covering his black top head, smiled at the little girl in the front seat.

“She’s kind of a cutie,” the man said.

“No, no ideas, Manny. I’ve already been in touch with her daddy, and he’s expecting her sooner rather than later.”

“Oh, ma—an,” the man winked though and chuckled as if it was a joke, and Ralph just gave him a questionable eye that Breanna wouldn’t really make out the meaning of. “Well, I have your usual room all ready for you, and we’ll be having fajitas tonight.”

“Sounds good,” Ralph said.

The man gave Ralph a key to the room, and then walked back up to the office of the motel, and Ralph pulled the car around the back of the motel.

“You know this guy, then?” Breanna asked once they were out of sight.

“Yeah, he’s an old friend. He’s always keeping an eye out for questionable things, and he passes information on to me when I’m not on a run, already.”

“Do Coyotes stay here, then?”

“Quite frequently, I’m afraid. But they know not to cause a stir because Manuel knows who most of the coyotes are, and he also is buddies with the sheriff, and the coyotes know, that if they cause trouble, all he has to do, is not check in one afternoon, and the police will be all over this motel.”

“The coyotes could just find another motel?” Breanna said rather innocent-like.

“Yeah, if they dared,” Ralph chuckled like she had said something cute. “This is one of the last motels before getting into Guatemala where questions are limited for the privacy of guests. Los Coyotes know that if this place gets shut down, they will have a lot of trouble slipping people from Guatemala up this way.”

“So, this is an important link in the road for trafficking?”

“It’s pretty important, yes, sweetheart. So, I want you to stay in the room at all times unless I specifically take you somewhere, like to eat dinner, alright?”

“Yes, um….”

“Uncle Ralph, sweetheart. Get used to it.”

She nodded.

He led her into the room, which was beautiful. It had a nice open common area that had a nice television and sofa seating arrangement as well as the door to the bathroom, and then it had two doorways that led to rooms with beds in them.

“I get my own room?” Breanna asked him.

“Sure do,” Ralph told her. “Manny has always set me up well, knowing that my work is very important.”

“So, how are you paid?” Breanna asked.

“The clients that are looking for their kidnapped family will pay quite a price to retrieve a family member,” Ralph told her. “Your own father has sold everything he has trying to find you.”

“And you took his money, just like that? Not caring that he might have to struggle now?”

“Your daddy didn’t find my services until late in the game, and he had already sold a lot of his stuff,” Ralph shook his head. “Truth be told, I’m doing your daddy a favor because he couldn’t come close to paying me my usual fees after all the other ‘experts’ had taken advantage of him.”

She frowned. “So, how much is he paying you then?”

Ralph smiled.

“He actually just paid me a hundred dollars.”

“A hundred? That’s not even enough to make the trip all the way to America, is it?”

“No. But I got paid for my last three services in full, and so I can afford to do some charitable work when one or two grateful families pays me my regular service fees and if they’re rich, they even add some.”

“So… you’re not a coyote….”

“No. I told you, I’m El Lobo, a wolf. I hunt coyotes, and I take their game from them, and sometimes I am paid to do it, and sometimes, I simply take it away from them knowing that when I find out where the young person really belongs, I usually get paid something anyway.”

Breanna nodded. She wasn’t really sure what he did was legal, nor did she know if he was dangerous, but she had no reason to doubt he was telling her the truth, and so even though he wasn’t safe, he was a good guy. It reminded Breanna of one of her childhood favorite stories, “The Lion, The Witch, and the Wardrobe.”

Aslan was considered dangerous, but also considered good. Ralph was something like an Aslan for lost people being trafficked against their will. That made her smile.

“What?” Ralph smiled at her in a way that she knew he caught her smiling about something secret.

“Nothing,” she quietly added “Aslan” to the end of the response once Ralph had turned back to find the phone so that he could make a call.

Breanna came over and sat down near Ralph, sitting on the floor, actually in front of the chair he had picked to sit in.

“Steve?” Ralph eventually got someone on the phone he was trying to get.

“Yes, I have your little girl with me, now, but something has put a wrench in the plan….”

“No, she’s still coming, but we need to doctor up the story. I told you that sometimes, the story has to change and we need to be versatile when I last talked to you, remember?”

Ralph was tapping his hand on the armchair.

“No, she’s fine. She’s still scheduled to come up north, but it’s going to take a couple of extra days, and I need you to do something from your side.”

Breanna listened carefully, trying to hear her dad’s voice without bothering Uncle Ralph.

“Your daughter has to be nine years old,” Ralph said.

“I know. I understand that you didn’t really even like the idea of me treating her like a child at all. This is important though. We want the authorities to take her case seriously.”

“Look, her supposed aunt and uncle that she was sold to has badly mistreated your little one. She has whipping marks on her legs that are not even a few days old.”

“Of course, I took off her clothes! I told you I was putting her in diapers. What did you expect.”

“Steve. Steve. Steve, calm down. Now, do you really expect an eleven year old to be able to put a diaper on herself correctly? You do? Well, I’m sorry, but I’ve been diapering her.”

“Look, we can argue about how I took care of her when you see her. You are lucky I’m even doing this for you. Remember, this is practically charity. You couldn’t even afford to pay my way down to get her, let alone all the expenses to bring her back. So, like it or not, you are either stuck with me getting her home, or I can take her back to Guatemala.”

“Yes, I knew that would change your tune. Now, the little girl is nine years old, and I am looking after her, just the way I think a nine year old needs to be looked after. You may not like my parenting style, but you don’t have a choice.”

“Yes, so what I need you to do, is you need to contact law enforcement. Let them know that you have sent her uncle down to get her up to the border, and you need to send the border new papers that show that she is nine years old.”

“How do you think you do that? Those papers I told you to hold on to? Look through them, and you’ll find some papers where you just have to put in her birthday, and make the year so that she is nine years old. Take those papers to the authorities, and tell them that your daughter was kidnapped, and that her uncle found out some coyotes had gotten a hold of her.”

“They’ll believe you. I know which coyotes it was, and if you look through those papers, you will find that the coyotes’ names are right there. You present those papers to the authorities, and you will lead them to arresting the ring that is stationed in America. You do that, and you will be rewarded by the government. Trust me.”

“Why didn’t I just do that? I have my reasons, but one of them is that when I rescue a kid from a bad situation, I don’t want her going to a family in financial ruin. The money you will be rewarded with will not be anything near where you started before she was taken, but it will help you get a nicer place to live than you are in now.”

“I have your little girl right here. I bet she’d like to talk to her daddy.”

“No, she has to behave like a little girl. She’s going to talk to you like she’s a nine year old, or I’ll have to scold her because it’s important that she practices and keeps in character until she is back in your hands.”

“Alright, here is your little princess.”

Breanna stood up and reached her hand towards the phone impatiently even as she heard them winding down, and long before he finally handed the receiver to her.

“Daddy?” she asked through the phone hoping she’d recognize his voice.

“Daddy!” she squealed when he responded.

“So, you’ve been down in Guatemala all this time?” he asked her.

“Almost,” Breanna nodded forgetting that he couldn’t see her gestures. “I’m so sorry I believed those bad men,” she told her dad.

“Believed the bad men?” her daddy asked.

“Well, you didn’t get to the school when you usually do, and I don’t remember when I started to accept what they said as being true, but they told me you were tired of me.”

“Oh, baby!” her dad was sniffling so she could tell he was nearly crying.

“They said you complained that I did drugs and I wet my pants all the time, and that I was just a bad girl, and I took after my bad mother.”

“You listen to me, Breanna Adrianna Cortes Green. You never did anything that made me mad, and your mother was not a bad mother. She died, sweetheart.”

“I know. The bad men said she took drugs….”

“Honey, they told you lies so that it would be easy to take you. Your mom has not had any drugs that I know of since she left Mexico. I don’t know if she did drugs before coming to America, but in America, she was clean. You were clean. You didn’t do drugs either, honey.”

“I wet my pants, though….”

“Honey, I don’t remember when you stopped wetting your pants before you were taken, but no, you didn’t pee your pants for quite some time before they took you.”

“I didn’t?”

“No, sweetheart.”

“Not even in the bed?”

“I… I don’t think so. I don’t remember you wetting the bed when you were in fifth grade, sweetheart.”

“Breanna,” Ralph interrupted her. “You need to be nine right now. Stop talking about the past, like it was so distant. Someone might be listening in on the call.”

Breanna looked up at Uncle Ralph.

“Daddy? Uncle Ralph says to stop talking about when I was five years old. He says that coyotes might be listening.”

“Oh, okay. Honey, is Ralph treating you okay?”

“Yeah. He takes me everywhere, and he won’t let me go on my own anywhere because he’s protecting me. He feeds me really good though, and he bought me a DS game and some toys for a nine year old. He said my old toys were too… inappropriate for my age.”

“Oh, okay, sweetheart. You mind Uncle Ralph as long as what he is doing is good to you. I want my little girl back soon.”

“I know. I’m so excited to see my daddy again!”

Breanna didn’t realize it when it was happening, but she was so excited to be on the phone with her real dad, that she was peeing her pants without the act even registering in her mind. It might have been the diapers she was wearing, it might have been the brainwashing and the usual little leaks that always happened that disguised how badly she was really wetting, or maybe it was just the over all flooding of emotions that her mind just didn’t pick up something that Ralph seemed to think was so trivial.

When she handed the phone back to Ralph, a little sadly, Ralph explained a few more things to her dad, whose name was Steven Green? And it wasn’t until Ralph hung up, that she realized there was wetness against her privates and bottom.

“Uncle Ralph?” she looked up at him after he had put the phone on the hook.

“Yes, sweetheart?”

“I peed my pants.”

He smiled. “Good girl. You need to keep doing that, honey. Even at the motel. Now, do you want Uncle Ralph to get you out of that wet diaper?”

She nodded.

“Let’s go to your room, sweetheart.”

Uncle Ralph walked her into the room that was decorated for a teenage girl.

“Did you like talking to daddy?” Ralph asked like he would a little girl, knowing full well that she would.

Breanna, however, seemed to miss the talking down at her, and she nodded enthusiastically. “Daddy says to mind you.”

“I know, baby. He knows that I know what I’m doing, and we’ll get you back to America quite safely.”

He had her sit on the bed while he started to gather some things together to change her.

“Breanna, you need to learn to purposefully wet yourself, so try to push again, just to make sure you finished wetting. Remember, no potties until we get across the border.”

Breanna nodded and started to try to squeeze her stomach, both from inside and with her hands from the outside, to try to do what Uncle Ralph said.

To her surprise, she was wetting again. He really did seem to know what he was doing!

She kept pushing her stomach from within, and she got every last bit into her diaper, the pool setting under her bottom before it slowly seeped into the padding of the diaper leaving it just a little damp.

She finally looked up at Uncle Ralph, who had been standing over her, watching her pee herself on purpose like he told her to do.

“You finish, sweetie?”

She nodded.

“Good girl. Lay down, honey.”

She laid down.

Despite all the extra layers caused by the panties and the swimming suit, Ralph had her changed and redressed in less than a minute as though he had really just changed a baby.

“There we are. Now, it’s a while before dinner time, so why don’t you play with your toys, or you can watch cartoons if you want,” Ralph told her. “I’m going to look at my maps a bit, and rethink the course we are on.”

“Okay,” Breanna said not sure why he had to rethink the course they were on, but not really bothered by the route they took anyway. She had no idea where she was going anyway, except that she was going to get to America in a few days, and she was going to see daddy again.

*012*2021-07-10 00:40

Chapter 8

The three hours in the room had gone by rather quickly, actually. Maybe spending all that time in the car had actually worn the little girl out, or maybe it was just the nice change of pace, to get to actually watch television and relax, but Breanna didn’t notice as the time slipped away while she watched television, played on her DS, and even played with her dollies.

‘Uncle Ralph’ as he was now called, took the little nineteen year old, now nine year old, down to the small quaint dining room of this small motel, and there were four other people in the room, all eating the same thing. It was a different kind of motel, one that didn’t let you order food like at a restaurant, but still, the private owner served a nice meal.

Ralph went to the drinks table, and seemed to spend a few minutes there, before returning to their table, a cup of coffee for himself and a glass of chocolate milk for his little charge.

“You’ve got a cute little one with you, don’t you?” one of the guys called from another table.

Ralph frowned over at them. “Cute? She’s nine years old,” he chastised them. “What interest would you have in a nine year old child?”

“None,” the man said looking down. “I just meant, she was cute, in the way that children are cute is all.”

Ralph raised an eyebrow at the guy, and Breanna felt a little nervous as they exchanged glances. Was that guy a coyote? Did Ralph know it?

After a moment or two, the men at that table started talking, and Ralph relaxed and started to eat dinner.

“Is he a coyote?” Breanna whispered to Uncle Ralph.

Ralph nodded, very slightly. “Don’t ask such obvious questions, baby. We don’t need you drawing their attention.”

“Yes sir. Sorry.”

She swung her legs under the table, and she started to eat her food, too.

While Breanna was eating, she became aware that she had to pee again, and her face heated up a little bit. She was in the middle of a room with maybe nine or ten people eating, and she knew that Ralph had wanted her to give no sign, but just wet herself, but now that she was in that situation, she found it very embarrassing.

She looked around to see if anyone was noticing her, but the only person paying her any mind at all, was Ralph, and even he was divided in his attention because he was also talking to his friend that owned this motel. Breanna ate another bite, as her leg started to shake from not wanting to give in and do that.

She was used to leaking a little bit in her panties, sure. But to just flood a diaper, right there, at the table? She didn’t know if she could do that.

“You little brat!” she heard in the back of her mind. Her Uncle Jorge’s face appearing and she, herself, feeling about fifteen at the time. “You sat there, and pissed your pants, right in front of everyone!”

Tears came to Breanna’s eyes. Was she really supposed to wet her pants?

Okay, she did wet her pants earlier when they were shopping, even on purpose, but even then, she didn’t really notice anyone like she did now. Even then, she felt like it was just her, and the person that kept telling her it was okay, and that he wanted her to do it. But now, she was sitting, feeling like she was in front of everyone, and that people were going to notice her doing it if she started.

A tear stared down the left side of her cheek. Her legs started to jackhammer under the table. She started to scoot in her chair. She took another bite to try to hide her dilemma. Her knees started to move towards each other, in anticipation of needing to hide a wet spot, that if she didn’t have a diaper on, would certainly appear shortly.

She felt a little spray of shame before her body shut it off. Her diaper has now been primed, and her leg picked up speed with its jackhammering. Her knees were bouncing off of each other, staying in closer contact. Her chewing slowed. Her face was hot, and sweat was starting to send little dots of water along her hairline at the top of her head.

Breanna caught sight of Ralph who shook his head slightly side to side, as in warning her not to do something. If it were Uncle Jorge, it would be to not piss her pants and draw shame to the table she sat at, but for Uncle Ralph? Uncle Ralph didn’t want her to let on what she was doing. He wanted her to pee her pants. He said so.

She nodded slightly at him, but still, her body was being stubborn, and her legs were still sending waves of jackhammering and knee bouncing jiggling her body as her muscle refused to let go.

Breanna swallowed and took another bite.

She felt like her bladder was some kind of garden hose or something, and that for now, the end nozzle was closed, but the spigot was turned full blast on, and somehow, was pushing water through the hose, trying to overwhelm the end nozzle. It was sort of the feeling you might get when you watch a Mickey Mouse Cartoon, with Chip and Dale bending the hose on Mickey or Donald, and watching the hose swell up with a lump of water.

When those rascals released that lump, Breanna knew that it was going to flood her diaper, and she knew that if she were with Uncle Jorge….

“Did you just piss your pants?” He would stand up and force her to stand up so that the whole room would see. “Look at what you did. Are you trying to be put back in diapers or something?”

Breanna would shake her head, and shiver, but now, ironically, she wasn’t even wet, like her uncle would accuse her of, but she was already in a diaper, and Ralph would insist that she pee in.

She sighed and put her fork down. What did Ralph expect of her? He wouldn’t be mad at her if she wasn’t wet until they got to the room, would he?

Ralph saw her drop her fork and he motioned for her to come over to him.

She got up and walked over to him, her head down, afraid he was going to scold her. A deeper part felt like she deserved to be scolded for the leak that had already sprayed into her diaper, but she also expected him to just scold her for not being obedient and peeing like he told her to, kind of like Adrianna would sometimes do to her.

He brought her closer to him and hugged her.

“Are you okay, baby?” he asked.

She looked down and whispered. “I’m about to wet my diaper.”

“That’s okay,” he told her. He picked her up and put her in his lap. “You’re a good little girl.”

Breanna noticed that the coyotes were watching them, and she saw one of them eye the interaction rather closely. Was he jealous that Ralph had her willingly sitting in his lap while he calmed her down?

As Ralph calmed her, she didn’t realize it, but the chipmunks were slowly loosening their grip on the cartoony hose in her imagination, and she felt a small spray go into her diaper. Then another spray. Then a third, and then she started to feel like the ocean was sending a tidal wave from the middle of the sea right up onto the beach, and her diaper was soon soaking wet, and she was still spraying a bit here and there until she finally finished.

Ralph, in the meantime, and pulled her plate over towards them, and he started to feed her.

“Come on, sweetheart. A little more. You need your strength for our trip tomorrow.”

Breanna wasn’t really refusing to eat. She was just really embarrassed that she now had a soaking wet diaper on, and that her Uncle Ralphy was trying to feed her like a baby.

“I can do it,” she whispered to Ralph.

“Well, if you can do it, then please eat,” he handed her the fork.

Breanna sighed and started to eat, while she sat in Uncle Ralph’s lap, her bottom soaking wet, well, the soaking was starting to dry up to a bit damp because the material in the padding and the diaper was pulling her pee pee away from her.

“I wet my pants,” Breanna finally admitted to him in a whisper, her voice cracking like she was about to cry.

“That’s alright, sweetie,” Ralph wrapped his arms around her and hugged her. “Uncle Ralph understands how scared you are, but it’s okay that you can’t control your bladder sometimes, sweetheart.”

She nodded and looked down at her dry lap. Whatever reservation she had about the swimsuit pushing against her diaper and making it leak, she could see that it wasn’t even doing that, but rather, as Ralph had said, she felt like her sagging diaper was being held up in place.

Manny leaned in to them, and he whispered.

“Honey, I have a niece about your age who sometimes wets, too. It’s not the end of the world that you wet your pants, sweetie.”

Ralph smiled turned Breanna so he could see her.

“See? It’s okay,” he told her.

“What did you put her in a diaper?” Manuel could clearly see that she wasn’t leaking.

“Yeah. It’s safer for her to wear diapers on long trips because she wets when she gets tired or she gets really nervous.”

Manuel nodded. “My sister diapers her ten year old for the same reason, though it’s really just her nine year old daughter that usually wets.”

Ralph nodded.

Breanna just looked down and was glad that she didn’t have to explain that a nineteen year old has just wet, and is in diapers because Ralph said that was safer for her.

“We could keep her food and yours warm if you wanted to go change her,” Manuel told Ralph.

“She’ll be okay until after dinner. It’s not the first time for her to pee her pants and have to wear a wet diaper for a little while. I’ll change her when we go back to the room.”

Breanna nodded at what Ralph said.

“Alright, if you both are sure,” he said. “My sister always changes her nine year old right away, when she can.”

“That’s fine for your sister, but Breanna is going to be in the car for a few more days until we get to America, so she’s going to have to get used to wearing wet pants anyway until we get there. Sometimes, there just isn’t a good place to change a big child like her, you know?”

Manuel nodded. “I guess you’re right.”

One of the men from another table came over and stood up over Ralph and Breanna.

“I know who you are, Ralph Oswald.”

“Yes, I suppose you do,” he looked up into the man’s eyes. “Of course, if you do know who I am, then you’ll know not to mess with me unless you want to lose your precious cargo.”

“Who says I have any cargo at the moment?” the man asked Ralph with a smile.

“Oh, you definitely have cargo,” Ralph told him seemingly sure. “You wouldn’t be at this particular motel unless you were hiding someone in your room.”

“If you know I have someone in my room, then why aren’t you trying to take it?”

“As you can see, I already have someone I’m taking care of at the moment, so if you leave us alone, I won’t try to take your cargo. If you mess with my little girl, though, then you’ll lose out on both getting my little girl, and your own cargo.”

The man sighed. “I think you are just a lucky jerk that thinks you can do whatever you want.”

“No, sir. I think I can do what is right. If you push me, I will do what is right for your cargo as well as for mine.”

The man shook his head and decided to go back to his table.

“That is El Lobo,” one of the men told the man that was just sitting down again. “Are you crazy? Don’t draw him on us. He might look like one man, but he has resources!”

“Do you buy his story that he’s that girl’s uncle?” the first man asked.

“No. But don’t push him. Besides, you heard the little girl admit it. She’s a pants wetting nine year old. “We really don’t need that kind of trouble with us with the policia already looking for our cargo.”

“I guess,” the first man said a little disappointment in his voice.

Ralph rubbed Breanna’s back, after they changed the topic to other things.

“You see?” Ralph told her. “They don’t believe I’m really your uncle, but they don’t want anything to do with a little girl that’s peeing her pants,” he whispered to her.

Manuel heard them though, and he leaned in and whispered.

“Did you just tell her to say she pees her pants, then?” he asked.

“No. She really does wet herself. But she was uncertain about doing it on purpose sometimes, and especially wearing a diaper.”

Manuel nodded. “What nine year old wouldn’t be? So, what, she wets the bed?”

Ralph nodded. “…And her pants, when she’s too far from the toilet for too long.”

“So, did you not let her use the bathroom before dinner on purpose?”

“No. I didn’t know she had to go when we came down for dinner, but I did tell her that she needs to ask permission to get her diaper off, and that it’s best not to worry too much about it.”

Breanna was trying to read what Ralph was telling Manuel. Was it so important to keep the secret from Manuel, too? She climbed off of Ralph’s lap.

“I’m wet, Uncle Ralph. Can we please go change my diaper?” she asked.

“In a minute, sweetie. Uncle Ralph isn’t done eating, and his friend is talking. I’ll take you in a few minutes, baby.”

Breanna nodded and stood there waiting for Ralph to finish with Manuel.

It took longer than Breanna wanted, but eventually, Ralph and Manuel stopped stalking, and Ralph finished his dinner, so he took Breanna by the hand and led her out towards the parking lot to go to their room.

“Uncle Ralph, how come you….”

Ralph picked her up and then placed a finger on her lips.

“Not here, sweetheart,” he warned her before she got her question out. “You can ask me things once we get to the room after I’ve checked things out.”

Breanna nodded and let Ralph carry her the rest of the way to the room. Her privates felt a little damp from rubbing against the wet pads of the diaper, but more importantly than that, she was a little bit scared that Ralph was acting a bit funny. She hoped she didn’t do something that drew too much attention to them.

When they got in the room, he put her on the bed and held a finger up at her opening mouth, that she took to mean to wait another moment. Then, he started to look around the room. He lifted the phone and even pulled the caps off of the phone handle. He checked under the beds and around the room looking for stuff that she couldn’t really understand.

Once he was done anxiously looking around, he sat on the bed next to her, pulled her into his lap again, and he whispered to her.

“I’ve checked all the usual places, baby, but I’m still not sure if they found any new hiding places to put bugs, so speak quietly so they can’t hear your question, okay?”

Breanna nodded. “Nevermind.” She figured if he was looking for some methods of spying, then her question as to why he didn’t just tell Manuel the truth about her was already answered. He didn’t trust the man for some reason even though he claimed to be friends.

“Honey, you can ask me if you really need to know something,” Ralph told her. “I just don’t want the wrong people overhearing you ask in case it is sensitive to getting you back to your daddy safely.”

She nodded. “It’s okay. I think I already understand,” she told him softly. “I was going to ask why you didn’t just tell Manuel the truth about what was going on, but then when we got back in the room, you started looking for spy stuff before you let me talk, so I get it. You don’t really trust him, either.”

Ralph patted her leg.

“Manuel is a good guy, but he can be pressured by Coyotes. He runs a very dangerous game, dancing the fence of running a legit motel, and knowing and allowing coyotes to rent rooms because they pay him extra not ask questions about their “cargo,” and if they lean on him, he could slip information to others that you are not ready to tell anyone, if you want to get back to your daddy.”

Breanna nodded.

“Can you change me, now? Please?”

“Yes, sweetheart.”

He put her back on the bed, and had her lie down….

As she lie there, and waited for him to get stuff ready to change her, she drifted off into thinking again.

“Do you want Uncle Jorge to know you peed your pants?” she heard Adrianna asking her.

“No?”

“Then, you better do what I say, because I can change you and hide it from him, if you are a good girl and obey me. If you become a brat though, he’ll believe me, even if I tell him you pooped your panties.”

“You… you don’t have any proof that I did anything like that!” thirteen year old Breanna sniffled.

“Do you think Uncle Jorge will even ask me for proof?” Adrianna asked her.

Breanna teared up shaking her head no. Adrianna was right. Uncle Jorge would believe anything Adrianna told him, when it came to her being a good girl or a bad girl. He wouldn’t need proof, only the word that Adrianna found her like that.

“Now, I’m going to change your wet pants,” Adrianna told her, “And you are going to suck your thumb like the baby you are while I do so.”

Back in the motel room, as her skirt was taken off of her, and then her shirt, she started to put her thumb towards her mouth. Ralph didn’t stop her.

He pulled her panties and her undershirt off of her so he could get down to her swimsuit.

She had her thumb in her mouth. Her eyes had tears in them.

Ralph pulled her swimsuit off her top, and then slide it down her legs off of her.

The little nineteen year old, who was now nine years old, by their story, shivered, though it had little to do with what Ralph was doing. She was still back in her thirteen year old world.

“You are such a baby,” Adrianna cooed at the girl as she slid off her wet panties. “Look at what you did, little girl.”

She nodded at the mess that Uncle Jorge would definitely whip her for.

“Adrianna is going to wash these out for you,” her cousin told her. “I’m going to tell Uncle Jorge, if you keep being a good girl, that you sat on a wet part of the ground and got your panties muddy, so I washed them out for you because you’re too much of a baby to do it yourself. A big girl would have known better than sit in a muddy place, and what’s worse, is you didn’t even sit properly. You sat directly on your panties, and lifted your skirt out of the way for some reason, though I’m sure you didn’t even see the muddy place before you sat.”

Breanna nodded to her cousin.

“You be a good little baby and keep your thumb in your mouth, honey.”

She did.

Adrianna got a wash cloth wet, and she wiped Breanna off with it. Then she went through her panties looking for the most babyish style she could find before putting them on her.

“And since you were supposedly sitting in a mud puddle,” Adrianna told her. “I’m going to run water all over your skirt, too, so as to make it look like I had to wash it off, too.”

Breanna nodded.

“So, we need to put some clean pants on you.”

In the room, Ralph had gotten her completely naked, and he washed her off with a wet cloth so she didn’t have any lingering pee on her butt or privates, and then he started to dress her again, starting with a clean diaper with the two kinds of pads.

The nineteen year old was staring off into space with her thumb still in her mouth.

“Good girl,” Adrianna said as she got her panties back on her and then she found some purple overalls for her to wear. Breanna hated those overalls because sometimes the clasp got stuck, and it made it hard for her to get to the bathroom in time, if she had to take it off on her own. She hoped her cousin would at least let her change out of the overalls before Uncle Jorge came home, but she didn’t say anything. She knew better.

“You are such a good girl,” Adrianna said. “Now, keep your thumb in your mouth, sweetheart.”

Breanna blinked and the image of her cousin changing her wet pants when she was thirteen faded and she became aware that Ralph was putting on her swimsuit again.

She let him just work her arms and legs as he needed until he had her all dressed again.

Once she was dressed, Ralph put the little girl back in his lap, she was still holding her thumb in her mouth.

Ralph pulled her thumb out of her mouth and wiped it off for her, and then he hugged her.

“It’s okay, if you really want to suck your thumb, sweetheart. But I’m not sure you want people to see you doing that, do you?”

She shook her head no.

“No, of course not. No little nine year old wants people to catch her with her thumb in her mouth.”

Breanna didn’t tell Ralph that she was remembering stuff again.

Eventually, they were watching television, Breanna still in Ralph’s lap, just like a natural nine year old who had just not decided to move yet after being babied and held before watching television.

There was a knock at the door.

Breanna slipped off of Ralph’s lap in a hurry, feeling anxious of anyone finding out she liked to sit there.

Ralph looked around the room quickly, and then he walked over and opened the door. There were two police officers.

“We are looking for coyotes,” they informed him. “We have a search warrant to search all the rooms.”

Ralph nodded and stood aside while the police came in, and they saw little Breanna, who nervously put her thumb in her mouth.

“Who is this girl?” they asked Ralph.

“She’s my little niece. I’m bringing her back to America.”

“Do you have documents to prove who you are, and who she is?”

Ralph nodded.

“They’re in the car,” he told the officers. “I didn’t want to lose them if we got in a hurry packing in the motel. My little niece wets the bed and sometimes goes on herself, so I have to change her all the time. Since she needs to be changed in the mornings, it is easy to forget something.”

The officer frowned when he first said the papers were in the car, but his expression relaxed as Ralph gave a compelling reason for it.

“That’s why there are diapers over there?” the officer asked Ralph.

He then went and sat on the bed next to Breanna.

“Are you okay, sweetie?”

She nodded.

“Do you know that man?” the officer pointed at Ralph.

“He… he came to get me. He’s my Uncle Ralph.”

“Came to get you?”

“I was kidnapped and taken to Guatemala. Some people were really mean to me, and tried to make me say I was their kid.”

“Do you know why they kidnapped you?”

“They wanted to go to America. They thought they use me to go there.”

Breanna hoped she was talking enough like a scared little kid.

An officer led Ralph to his car while the one officer was still talking to Breanna.

“Are those diapers yours?”

She nodded. “I have accidents.”

He smiled. “That’s okay. So how old are you, honey?”

“Nine.”

“You are sure that that guy is your uncle?”

“Uh-huh. He let me talk to daddy earlier.”

“He has your daddy’s phone number then?”

Breanna nodded.

“Whose dolls are those?” the officer asked her.

“Mine! Uncle Ralph bought them for me. The mean people in Guatemala took all my toys away, so Uncle Ralph said that’s mean, and he bought me some toys.”

The officer smiled.

“Can I just check your back?” he asked.

“Nu-uh. Uncle Ralph says no one allowed to undress me if I feel scared, and I feel scared.”

The police officer nodded.

“If I let Uncle Ralph watch, can I see your back?”

Breanna shook her head.

“How come you might not be a policeman, and you can be pretended coyote to try to look me naked.”

The officer smiled and nodded.

“I have a badge. Do you want to hold it?”

Breanna frowned. “You can take it from someone.”

“What makes you think someone can just take a policeman’s stuff?” the officer asked her.

“Because, when I was kidnapped….”

As she said this, there was truth in what she said. The people that picked her up were in a police car, now that she thought about it. They had badges and they were supposed to be taking her to some place for children who were not wanted anymore. She passed out sometime on the way in the patrol car, and when she woke up, she was in a different car, she was headed out of town.

“Police people, who looked like police, they took me from my school.”

Breanna had not remembered this little detail until just now. How could she remember that just now? But she did, and she really didn’t trust any police, and now, she knew why.

“Honey, we’ll let your uncle call our supervisor….”

“So, you can make me show you,” she trembled her lower lip as if she was trying to make them think she was going to cry.

“Are you scared of what we’ll find? Did someone hit you? Did you take drugs and you are afraid we’ll see?”

Breanna looked down.

“My fake cousin accidentally pushed me down, and my… um… fake family hits me because I pee my pants,” she told them. “Uncle Ralph said they wrong though, and I don’t shouldn’t get hit just because I pee my pants.”

The officer nodded. “It sounds like your Uncle Ralph is right, and he’s actually taking care of you, but I still have to see the marks, sweetheart.”

She shivered.

“You have to ask Uncle Ralph. If Uncle Ralph says it, then I’ll do what Uncle Ralph tells me to do.”

The officer nodded. “That’s fair enough, young lady.”

When Ralph came in and was caught up on what was happening, Ralph asked them to call a supervisor, and to have the supervisor explain things to both the little girl and to himself before he would consent, which made Breanna feel a lot better.

In the end, the officers got their permission, and they noticed that Ralph had put a swimsuit on under her clothes.

“She was having trouble with her diapers sagging and leaking,” Ralph told them. “I wanted to make it less embarrassing for her, especially when she had accidents, so I came up with this idea to try to prevent the diapers sagging on her.”

They took off her top part so they could see her back, and then noticing the red welt on her back, they had him remove her swimsuit completely, and they inspected even inside her diaper, but only on her back.

“These are pretty old,” the officers said. “Okay, you’re clear.”

The officers left Breanna nearly naked expect for her diapers, but for some reason, they didn’t say anything about it when they must have seen her chest. Was she really so flat chested, that she actually looked nine years old to them?

Breanna put her thumb in her mouth as the officers closed the door behind them, and Ralph went and sat down next to her.

“They made you pretty scared, didn’t they, baby?” Ralph asked her.

Breanna nodded.

“I showed the officer that came to the car, the papers that claim you are thirteen, instead of nine,” he told her. “I was afraid they’d need to see the marks on your body, so I told them I was calling you nine so that you’d be less embarrassed about wetting your pants, and to try to distract any human traffickers.”

Breanna sighed thinking that her breasts were at least the size she had imagined they were. If they really thought she was nine, after seeing her breasts, well, Breanna started to wonder what was wrong with her. She knew that she was small, but that small?

Uncle Ralph started to fix her clothes as he held her in his lap letting her keep her thumb in her mouth as he worked around it as much as he could, only removing it when he needed to, so he could fix her clothing.

She looked up at him when he first pulled her thumb out to fix her swimsuit, but he smiled at her and explained:

“I just need to get your arm in the armhole, baby.” And then he even guided her thumb back to her mouth when he had her swim suit on, and went to get her shirt for her.

Once she was dressed again, he put her thumb back in her mouth, as if to give her permission, and then he held her.

“You were a very good girl while the police were here trying to make sure you were safe.”

Breanna smiled. “I was?”

“Yes, sweetheart.”

“How come the police check our room, anyway?”

“I’m not sure. I bet the coyote that talked to us earlier had something to do with it, though. He was probably trying to check out our story.”

“If he knows I’m not nine, do you think he’s going to try something?”

Ralph shook his head.

“If he does anything obvious, his partners are going to turn on him. They don’t want to lose their cargo, and they know who I am, so they know I can do far worse to them than what they tried to do to me.”

Breanna nodded.

“I was so scared, Uncle Ralph. If I had to pee when they made us separate, I probably would have peed all over my pants, even if you didn’t want me to, and no matter what clothes I had on.”

Ralph hugged her and rocked her.

“I know, baby. That’s why you are still my little nine year old niece, and the officers agreed with me that saying you are nine is a lot safer for you around here, than claiming the age they now think they know you are.”

Breanna nodded with a frown.

“I’m glad you are taking me back to my daddy,” she told him. “I don’t know what would have happened if it were someone else trying to take me back—someone who doesn’t understand how the coyote and police work here.”

“I know, sweetheart,” Ralph patted her leg. “Your daddy asked for my help, and I told him that there were cheaper people, but he said that he wouldn’t risk someone else trying. He said that he was only asking me because his friend said I was the best at this, and because he knew that I was not the same kind of coyote that people normally feared. He would have rather you stay in Guatemala than risk some other coyote getting their hands on you and doing worse to you. He had hoped you at least found a nice family that cared about you.”

Breanna looked down. “I could have had worse. I know.”

“Your daddy really wanted you back, but more than that, he wanted you to be safe, baby. That’s why he’d been willing to leave you in Guatemala if any other option would have put you at risk of harming you.”

“So, he really thinks you can protect me, then?”

“Yes, baby. And I can…. You just have to obey me. Without your cooperation, then it’s hard to guarantee your safety, but as long as you act like an obedient little nine year old, then it will be a piece of cake to protect you.”

Breanna nodded.

Sometime before bed, Breanna yawned and stood up and walked towards the bathroom not really thinking about what she was doing.

“Where are you going?” Ralph was over at the bathroom door in an instant.

“To… to the bathroom?” she looked up at him.

“I thought you have agreed to just wet your pants, honey.”

“Oh, I did,” she nodded smiling up at him. “I’m going in there to do something else.”

“What?” he asked her.

Her face heated, and a frown on her face, she mumbled. “I have to poop.”

“Is your diaper wet?” he asked her.

“N… no?”

“Honey, you need to pee your diaper, no matter what. You first wet your diaper, then I’ll help you take it off so you can do anything else you need to do in the potty.”

“Um… it doesn’t work that way,” she looked up at him. “I usually start peeing around the middle of it, or at the very end.”

“Honey, I need you to start peeing before you poop, so we can get your diaper wet first. Do you know what a coyote will do if he thinks you don’t really pee your pants by accident?”

Breanna looked down.

“But I do, sometimes, leak pee by accident. Please, Uncle Ralph, I’m sure I can’t pee first without starting to poop my pants.”

Ralph sighed.

“Can you try to not pee until you are done pooping and we get your diaper back on you?”

Breanna looked down. “I never tried that before. I’m not sure I can control it.”

Ralph sighed.

“I guess there’s no way it can be helped then, is there?”

Breanna had tears in her eyes. “I’m trying to be a good girl and obey you. I promise.”

“I know you are, sweetheart,” Ralph took her hand. “How about I help you get this stuff off so you can poop, then? I’ll just have to let you pee in the potty this time.”

She nodded her head and let him lead her back to her room first, so he could get her stuff off of her. She was supposed to be a nine year old that seemed to need a lot of help, anyway, so she figured he just wanted to help her to make her seem more dependent than other children.

“Uncle Ralph?” Breanna suddenly got a feeling of inspiration from their conversation just moments before, as he started to take her shirt off.

When he got her shirt off, he rubbed her shoulder and asked. “Yes, sweetheart?”

“Did you actually want me to poop my pants?” she asked him.

“Honey, no. I don’t want to cause you any more stress than you are already under. Wetting is hard enough for you, right?”

He continued to work on getting her skirt down.

“But, if I didn’t mind it, do you want me to poop my pants?”

“Honey, you do mind, don’t you?”

Breanna stopped his hands trying to pull her skirt off her.

“What if I don’t mind, or what if I’m not sure, and I just want to please you, and I’m willing to try it, just this once?”

Ralph took her hands in his a moment and then moved them so he could get her skirt off.

“Baby, you might already have to do that later, if you are in a troublesome situation. I don’t want to cause you to get grossed out or scared to do it when it becomes necessary. It’s better I let you go right now.”

Breanna’s face heated up as she moved her hands to keep her skirt on once more.

“What if I’m already doing it?”

Ralph picked her up and when he did, her skirt fell, so she knew it was basically off, and all she was doing, by holding on to where she had it, was just keeping it from falling all the way, so she let go exposing her swimsuit completely.

“Are you pooping your pants?” Ralph asked her. He didn’t sound upset or scary like Uncle Jorge would have been. He sounded, more, as if he was scared she was hurt than anything else.

“Um… not yet. But I’m really close. I don’t think you can get my diaper all the way off before it comes out.”

Ralph sighed. “Are you sure?”

She nodded.

“If that’s true, you’d better poop your pants, then honey.”

“Why?”

“Because we’ll just make a bigger mess if we try to get your diaper off in the middle of you going. It’s better to have it all come out either before I get the diaper off you or after. Not during, sweetie.”

“You promise you won’t be mad?” she asked shivering.

He pulled her into a deeper hug and rubbed her back.

“No one is going to be mad or hit my little niece for having an accident, baby. It is an accident this time, because I was trying to encourage you to make it. You’re not doing this for me, honey, if you’re pooping your pants. So, don’t do it on purpose, okay?”

She shivered.

“If I do it on purpose, then you’ll whip me?”

“No, baby. I’m not going to hit you even if you do it on purpose, but if you are doing it on purpose, then you and I need to have a little talk, sweetheart. I didn’t tell you to poop your panties, and there is no reason to do that right now.”

She felt her face get really hot.

“I’m sorry, Uncle Ralph.

“Honey, it’s okay to have an accident.”

She felt her stomach push, and she started to wet.

“I’m… it’s…. I can’t control it now….”

She felt her butt get some bubbles around the backdoor.

“Yes sweetie?” Uncle Ralph asked as he rubbed her back holding her in his arms.

“I… started to try to go on purpose, while you were trying to get my shirt off. I thought you wanted me to….”

She felt it starting to move.

“Oh, baby,” he sat down putting her in his lap in just her swimsuit and her diaper on. “You thought I wanted you to because I tried to insist on you peeing before I helped you go potty for poop?”

She nodded feeling her butt opening, and a rather thick solid mass started to push out.

“I’m sorry, baby. I shouldn’t have done that, I guess. I want you to wet, yes, but I had no intention of making you poop your pants when you are right next to a safe toilet, where I can even come in and watch you if you are scared.”

She looked down.

Her face was red and on fire. If you were Ralph, it might be hard to tell at first that it was because she was concentrating on pooping. It could have easily been because she was mortified to admit to Ralph that she was pooping on purpose after learning he had not really wanted her to do that.

Ralph just rubbed her back and kept hugging her, even while she started to grunt and she started to feel it sliding into the seat of her diaper. As it did so, pee pour out of her, and then more poop queued up, trying to push that that was in front, out so it could come.

As Ralph felt her bottom getting warm through her swimsuit because of the heavy hot mass pushing into her diaper and because the swimsuit was tight up against the diaper, caused the mass to push into little crevices around her legs letting her privates messy and some of it started to push up the small of her back.

Ralph just kept rocking her as he patted her lightly humming to her about what a good little baby girl she was.

For a minute, the poop stopped pushing, and Breanna pulled back from Ralph hugging her. Her face was red, she had tears running down her face, and her head was sweaty.

“I did it,” she mumbled up at him moving her thumb towards her mouth.

But just as Ralph stood up with her to take her to the bathroom in her swimsuit, she suddenly farted and then she felt a more liquid like mess starting to pour from her bottom. She instinctively tried to close her legs, which were pushed apart by her thick diaper and by being around Ralph.

He rubbed her back as he carried her.

“Are you going again?” he asked her.

She nodded, tears starting to stream down her face again.

“It’s okay, baby. Try to finish though. Grunt and try to get the rest all out, baby. We want as much of the mess in your diaper as we can so we don’t make a mess in the bathroom when I’m taking your stuff off you, baby.”

She nodded and tried to push, and just like earlier, when he told her to push, and pee came out, he was right this time, too, and more soft stuff oozed out as well as more pee flooded her diaper.

He stood her in the bathtub, and he smiled as he sat on the edge of it.

“Finished baby?”

She nodded.

He then started to undo her arms first, and to get her ready to start cleaning her up.
