How the Scholarship Works

Author: Riverstone76

*008*2021-07-05 20:52

Chapter 5:

Breanna nodded about him telling her that there was no need to tell him if she had to pee because she wasn’t allowed to go for a while unless they were stopping for the night, so with a heavy sigh, she started playing with her DS game again.

“Cat Scratches” was becoming her favorite game. First, you had to create a cat character with some points to put into strength, dexterity, and constitution, and then you decided on how you wanted the fur to look, then you adventured in the yard, running into all kinds of adventures as a cat. You might find a mouse to hunt, a bird to chase a way, a dog to outsmart, or the name “Cat Scratches” came from the need to fight other cats to claim and expand your turf.

Misley Me a ow was now patrolling a turf made up of five conjoining yards which had a dog in two of them. Misley could sometimes get the dogs to chase other cats out of her turf, so she didn’t have to do all the work.

While Breanna played on, she eventually felt the need to go pee, but she also knew it was going to be useless to ask because he had already set down the rule, not that she’d go against it anyway on her own. The threat of coyotes was still too fresh on her mind to allow her to disobey her ‘daddy’, so eventually, she started to wet herself as she played her game.

Wetting on purpose wasn’t the same as having a leaking accident or even those times in the eighth grade when she accidentally wet at her desk. It would start, and spray in her panties for a moment, but then would just stop without warning, and even though she really wished it’d just hurry up and finish, she couldn’t get herself to wet her pants like that.

As a result, she spent probably two hours, glad to have her game to help her distract herself from what she was purposefully doing, trying to get all the waste waters out of her body and into her diaper.

Once her diaper was sagging and warm, she finally smiled and continued to play her game.

Mr. Oswald had turned the radio in the car to a station he wanted to listen to, and they drove on.

When the girl got tired of playing “Cat Scratches,” she turned her attention to her dolls and started to open the other dolls. If she was supposed to be eleven years old, after all….

“You are Guadeloupe,” she told her favorite doll, the one that was so special and able to cuddle and crawl. “And you,” she looked at a doll that had dark hair and brown eyes, “you are Marianna.” Guadeloupe and Marianna were her favorite cousins, whose parents were Uncle Jose and Aunt Catalina. The two of them understood her situation with her Uncle Jorge and her Aunt Carmen, and so they never made fun of her for things she wasn’t in control of.

She opened the other three dolls, and she sighed. She wondered what it was like to live in their houses. Cousin Anna, Cousin Adrianna, and Cousin Flora were not as understanding as Guadeloupe and Mariana, but they were still her cousins, and while they thought her problems were funny at times, they still stopped other people from making fun of her.

Breanna knew that she was the only thirteen year old, among all of them, that was still wetting her pants at school at that age, and she was pretty sure, she was the only one wetting the bed. The girls often had slumber parties, and Breanna was not allowed to wear diapers because Uncle Jorge said she was not a baby, and he usually spanked her for wetting the bed, but when she stayed with her other Aunts and Uncles for a slumber party with the other kids, they never yelled at her, and they never told Uncle Jorge, either.

“We dealt with her wetting,” they would tell Uncle Jorge. “So, there’s no reason to worry about it this time. She’s already been dealt with, and often, that was good enough for him. He never spanked her when they covered for her.

Breanna remembered, it was Marianna’s birthday, and everyone was at her house. There must have been fifteen cousins and eight uncles and aunts over at the time, she remembered how Aunt Catalina had been when she had made a mistake at that time.

“Breanna,” she remembered Uncle Jorge first noticing something off with her. “Come here.”

Breanna put her thumb in her mouth because she was certain she was in trouble. She looked at the floor, and walked cautiously up to Uncle Jorge.

“Yes sir?” she said around her thumb, the thumb most likely making it hard for anyone to understand what she said through it.

“Did you just sit there and piss your pants?” he asked her. She had been at the kitchen table talking to Guadeloupe and Mariana as they were eating cake.”

“No?” she pleaded hoping he wasn’t going to feel inside her panties. She wasn’t exactly wet, not really. But she had leaked a little bit. To her, though, it never counted unless it could be seen on the outside of her pants, or unless her uncle caught her in the act.

“No?” he mimicked her. “I saw you wiggling in your seat over there. Why don’t you go ask your Uncle Jose or your Aunt Catalina if you can use their bathroom before you pee all over yourself?”

She nodded.

She looked up at Uncle Jose because he was standing right there talking to Uncle Jorge.

“Excuse me, uncle, but can I go …?”

“May I?” Uncle Jorge corrected her.

“Sorry. May I go use your bathroom before I pee my….”

“Don’t say what you are going to do! That’s dirty!” Uncle Jorge criticized again.

“Sorry. May I go into your bathroom and do something there?” she asked.

Uncle Jose rested a hand on her head and nodded. “Yes, you may, Sweetie.”

But before she could go to the bathroom, Uncle Jorge grabbed her arm.

“You didn’t ask Aunt Catalina yet.”

Breanna sighed, and she walked over where the aunts were talking.

Mariana saw everything that was going on, so she ran ahead of Breanna, and she tugged at her mom’s arm until she was noticed.

“What, Mariana?”

“Sorry. Uncle Jorge is making Breanna asked you, and Breanna has to go really bad….”

Aunt Catalina knelt down just as Breanna came up to her.

“Can I go to your bathroom?” she asked.

“May I?” Mariana reminded her. Breanna knew she was just doing it in case Jorge was listening because Mariana always tried to help Breanna stay out of trouble when she could.

“May…?” but before Breanna got the words out, Aunt Catalina smiled and took her hand.

“It’s this way,” she said then walking past Uncle Jorge, gave him an evil eye as she led the thirteen year old to the bathroom.

Aunt Catalina went right in the bathroom with her, and closed the door so that no one would bother them, but at that moment, it was too late, and the poor thirteen year old started to soak her pants.

Aunt Catalina was quick to realize what she was doing and quickly coaxed her to the toilet and had her sit before she made a huge mess, getting most of the pee to flow into the toilet after it went through her panties, around her bottom, through her jeans, and poured into the toilet. Breanna started to sob.

“It’s alright,” Aunt Catalina told her. “It’s okay. It’s just an accident, sweetie.”

Breanna just sat there, peeing her pants like a four year old on the toilet while her aunt tried to calm her….

Breanna sighed back in the car.

She looked over at Ralph, and she wondered if she was a baby or not. Why was he alright with her wearing diapers and wetting her pants? Even if he said she was eleven years old, that was still too old to be doing this, and to be wearing diapers, wasn’t it?

With another sigh, she looked at the dolls, and then decided to just play with them.

As she started to get the dolls ready, something evil within her wanted some revenge on the three girls that sometimes teased her and even told Uncle Jorge when they thought she might go home and hide that she had had an accident at school before she turned seventeen. What if the three girls started wetting THEIR pants?

She was no student of dark magic, but she somewhat imagined it could be fun to know something about it right then, and if these three dolls were voodoo dolls, then she could really get even. It might have been fun to even think of a doll of Uncle Jorge and a doll for Aunt Carmen, but then she felt a shiver like that would be going too far.

She sighed.

Breanna looked over at Ralph driving, and she wondered what he’d think of her trying to get Adrianna’s pants wet, the doll…. He would probably notice if she tried to use some of the soda or something that he was allowed to drink.

While she played and thought about that a bit, she started to feel the boredom of being in the car, and not really getting into the play so that her world was starting to darken again, and her breathing started to get heavy.

“Are you wet, again?” Adrianna asked Breanna as she sat at the kitchen table working on homework. Her Aunt Carmen and Uncle Jorge were out, somewhere, and they had asked Adrianna to babysit even though the two girls were both thirteen years old, and they were in the same grade.

Breanna looked up from writing in her notebook about some reading she had done, her face with a pouty frown on it, and she shook her head no.

“I don’t believe you,” Adrianna told her. “Stand up. Go on.”

Breanna felt her body shake and she seethed at the other girl wanting her to go away. It wouldn’t matter if she was wet right now or not, because eventually, it was going to happen. It always did when Adrianna watched her.

Breanna stood up and turned around twice to show Adrianna that she was not wet, and the other girl nodded finally, and let her sit back down to do her homework.

“You don’t want me to tell Uncle Jorge that you were a bad girl, today, do you?” Adrianna asked.

“No?” Breanna whispered as she worked on her homework, her body shaking with seething anger because she knew that Adrianna was about to blackmail her into keeping out of trouble with her uncle.

“I want you to sit there and finish that homework,” the girl said. “No potty until all your homework is done.”

“But I usually am allowed to go to the bathroom if I gotta go,” Breanna looked up at her cousin.

“Well, if you really want to go, you can. But Uncle Jorge will know you were not listening to me. He will know you were a bad girl, and I’ll tell him you peed your pants anyway.”

Breanna frowned. “And if I stay in my seat and not go, even if it makes me wet my pants?”

“If you finish your homework, then I’ll help you clean up, and then Uncle Jorge doesn’t have to know anything different than the wet things were from you peeing your pants at school,” she shrugged.

Breanna sighed. “I don’t gotta pee right now, so I’ll just sit here and do my homework like you said.”

“Good girl,” Adrianna said. But then, she went and got Breanna a large glass of apple juice.

“Oh, and I want you to have this drank before you finish your homework.”

Breanna sighed. It was obvious that Adrianna was trying everything she could to make Breanna have to pee before she finished her homework, and then would watch her to see her struggling and maybe even wetting herself.

She drank from the cup as she did her homework because she didn’t want Adrianna to tell Uncle Jorge that she wasn’t being obedient. Even if Uncle Jorge found out she wet her pants, she would get in less trouble for that, than she would if Adrianna told him she was a brat.

A while later, Breanna started to stir in her sleep, and as she entered the half asleep state, she felt a familiar flooding into her panties that made her wake up, but still unable to control her peeing. It was then, that she remembered she had a diaper on, and the pee was getting all over her privates and her butt, but it wasn’t leaking through her pants.

She looked nervously over at Ralph.

“You okay?” Ralph asked her.

“I… I wet in my sleep again,” she said. “Well, I mean, I’m still….”

She felt more pee escape and press into the flood between her legs in her diaper.

“That’s okay. That’s what we talked about you doing, honey.”

Breanna nodded.

“It’s getting dark, sweetheart. We’ll pull over soon, so you won’t have to wear that wet diaper for that long. You only wet it once?”

Breanna shook her head. “I think I wet earlier, before I fell asleep.”

He smiled.

“That’s okay, baby.”

They saw a restaurant, and so he pulled into the parking, but before he decided to get out, he had her roll up on her hip to make sure the diaper had not leaked. It hadn’t.

“Let’s get something to eat first,” he told her. “Then we’ll find you a motel where you can get a shower, okay?”

Breanna nodded.

When she got out of the car, she felt the diaper sag into her jeans, and it the jeans had not been secured, she was sure it would have tried to pull them down with the weight of the water in the diaper.

They walked into a relatively quiet restaurant, and then were taken back to their table where she sat down with a squish.

As they waited there, she started to feel a little funny, and put her hand down at her privates. Her pants felt damp.

“Daddy?” she whispered.

“What is it, sweetie?”

“I think it’s leaking.”

“The diaper?” he whispered back to her.

Breanna nodded.

“Just pretend not to notice it,” he told her. “We should eat first, and when you stand up, you can make any kind of scene you want because you are eleven years old, and you’ll be discovered at that time, to have peed your pants, okay?”

She nodded.

Breanna couldn’t help squeezing her legs together, scared of someone seeing her private area because it was wet there, but when she did that, some of the water leaked down between the leg holes and through her pants some more, causing her to relax her legs to try to stop the leaking, but then her pants would be more wet, making her more nervous so she squeezed her legs together again, much like a catch 22.

By the time she had eaten and finally had been gotten out of her seat by Ralph, the back of her pants were soaked as well as the insides of her thighs and her jeans were damp just under the button at the bottom of the zipper.

“You’re wet,” Ralph whispered to her as he carried her.

She hid her face in his chest, ashamed that anyone in the room could see that the nineteen year old, well, even if they thought eleven year old, still, she was ashamed. She was too old to wet her pants like that.

He carried her out to the car and put her down just next to the front seat. He felt under her cushion he had made for her, and then just too the cushion and towel out of the car and put her in the seat with her wet pants on.

“We’ll be at the motel soon,” Ralph told her.

She nodded.

It was probably another twenty minutes before they found a motel, but Ralph looked over at the little red faced baby girl, and he smiled.

“It’s okay, Breanna. You’re a good girl.”

She nodded.

He went into the office, paid for the key, and then came back and got his little girl out of the car, and together, they got the bags from the car and walked into the motel.

“We’ll be at the border by noon tomorrow,” Ralph told her.

“To America?” Breanna was surprised.

“No,” Ralph chucked. “I meant the border of Guatemala and Mexico. Anyway, you are to tell them you are eleven years old. They need to think you are my little daughter.”

Breanna nodded.

“It won’t hurt if you are wet when we get there, either. But if you aren’t, that’s okay, too.”

She nodded.

“Okay, let’s get you a bath so you can get some decent sleep.”

He took her into the bathroom, then he started to undo her pants.

“I need to take your diaper off,” he told her. “Then you can sit on the toilet to try to pee if you want while I run you some bath water, okay?”

Breanna nodded.

She didn’t have to pee, because, well, she just went before dinner, but she sat on the toilet like he told her to while he got her bath ready.

When her bath was ready, Ralph told her to wait, and he went out to the main room and brought in her pajama top and an undershirt.

“What about bottoms?” she asked him.

“I have to diaper you before you put on pajama bottoms,” Ralph smiled. “So after you dress your top half, come out to the room, and lay on your bed. If I’m not in the room, I’ll be right back. I just need to wash your clothes, honey. You are practically out of clean things to wear.”

Breanna blushed. She knew he was right.

When he diapered her, he put the longer wider pad on her under the diaper, and then he put the scented shorter pad over her crotch area inside the longer pad.

“That should keep the bed dry,” he said once he taped up her diaper. “Now, you can do whatever you want until you fall asleep,” he told her. “There’s television, your toys, and your game.”

Breanna nodded.

“I’ll be right back. I need to check on your laundry again.”

She sighed. She wondered if any of her panties were dingy and showed a stain, that while he was folding her clothes, someone might notice a little wetting girl’s problem.

She played with the DS game for a while before she fell asleep.
