How the Scholarship Works

Author: Riverstone76

*013*2021-07-12 20:46

Chapter 9:

After breakfast that morning, they were in the car again, and Breanna had Guadeloupe, her doll, in her lap. She mumbled a bit to herself, as though she was talking to Guadeloupe about everything on the trip.

“He didn’t even get mad at me last night, when I kind of started to poop my pants on purpose because I misunderstood what he wanted,” she told her doll. “He just help me clean up, as though I was really a little kid.”

Breanna smiled over at Uncle Ralph.

“I’m not sure, honestly, if he’s just asking me to wet my pants because of the coyotes, or if he has other reasons for wanting it to happen, but he wasn’t wrong about the coyotes not wanting a little girl that wets her pants.”

She shifted her doll in her lap.

“Last night, one of the coyotes called me cute and I don’t know, but he was acting a little bit funny. But after I told Uncle Ralph that I peed my pants, and that could I get changed, that guy stopped looking at me.”

Breanna looked over at Uncle Ralph driving, and felt something warm and fuzzy in her heart.

“Even if it is a good way to keep the coyotes from wanting to take me, and even though I’m going to do it the rest of the trip because now I know it does work, I still feel like Uncle Ralph likes it when I pee my pants and I need him to help me.”

She looked out at the changing scenery. They were no longer so much in the mountains, but long past, has it been that his story was he wouldn’t let her out because of fear of sheer drops off the side of the road. The main reason she needed to not go off the side of the road now, was that he needed his little girl to be someone that can’t help wetting herself so no one would want to kidnap her.

“Even when I did, poop my pants, and even though it started on purpose,” she continued talking to Guadeloupe in mumbles. “He wasn’t not only not mad at me, but he took care of me, and he was gentle and very nice about it, and he still called it an accident. He told me if I get confused or scared, then pooping my pants is an accident. It’s all very new to me, to not be yelled at for even finding my panties accidentally leaked into….”

Breanna remembered the few times that the real person, Guadeloupe had caught her really peeing her pants in the last year, and when she did, she took Breanna to her house because she knew that her own parents, Uncle Jose and Aunt Catalina would not be mean to her about it, and then she gave her some panties and a skirt or some jeans to borrow, of course old ones that were ripped up so that Uncle Jorge, who didn’t really pay attention to what she wore, would think she was still wearing what she put on earlier that day.

One time, she remember, they were at a basketball game.

Breanna sat, shaking slightly, and looking around self-consciously.

“What’s wrong?” Guadeloupe at her side asked her.

“I… I think my jeans is wet,” Breanna told her cousin the truth.

Their high school team was up by five points at this time, and they were seated pretty high up in the stadium near the back.

“Breanna, I’m not Aunt Carmen. Just tell me if you peed or not, okay?”

Breanna nodded. “No, what I mean is, yes, I did pee, but I’m afraid my jeans show it. I still gotta pee really bad, but I’m scared to go because everyone is going to see the back of my pants.”

Carmen hugged her.

“The game is almost over,” she told her. “Why don’t we just leave now, if we get out of here before the crowds start moving towards the exit, no one will even remember you wet because they’ll be too focused on the game.”

“What about the bathroom?” Breanna asked her.

“Of course, if you want to go in there, I’ll come with you so you can go, but, Breanna…?”

Breanna looked at her still shivering. “Yeah?”

“If you’re as wet as you think you are, going into the bathroom might just draw people’s attention to your wet pants.”

“You think so?”

“Yeah, and if you are already that wet, you need to get changed one way or another before Uncle Jorge sees you.”

“How am I going to do that?”

“You’re going to come to my house and borrow a pair of my pants and get an old pair of my panties to put on so he doesn’t know you changed. You know I still have lots of pants that have holes in them that I don’t wear anymore.”

Breanna nodded.

“Why do you think I have those around?”

Breanna shrugged.

“They’re for you. I know you’re still leaking in your panties sometimes because I’ve heard Aunt Carmen complaining to my mom about it. She says you are almost ready to graduate high school….”

Guadeloupe trailed off.

“What?” Breanna asked her.

“What?” Guadeloupe seemed to mimic her though her face was looking just as confused as Breanna felt.

“You… you stopped talking about what Aunt Carmen says to your mom, but you didn’t seem to be finished.”

“Oh, um… you know Aunt Carmen,” Guadeloupe said. “She just said some unkind things about you that I figured you can already guess and didn’t really need to hear.”

Breanna got the whole picture. Yes, her dear Aunt Carmen would say something like she’s still acting like a toddler or something, and she doubted Breanna would ever be properly potty trained even as an adult, and she likely said something about believing that Breanna actually wets completely in her pants all the time and then tries to hide it.

Guadeloupe hugged her.

“So, do we want to go into the bathroom, or just skip it and get your pants changed at my house?”

Breanna was back with her doll, Guadeloupe.

“I peed my pants that day, walking back to your house, and you were so kind to me about it. You let me come right to your room, and you handed me some dry stuff, and then left the room for a minute so I could change myself.”

She looked over at Ralph who happened to look at her.

“Are you talking to yourself?” Ralph asked her.

Breanna nodded. “I… you said to be nine years old. I was just playing with my doll.”

“Good girl,” Ralph rubbed her leg. “Is my little niece wet?”

Breanna shook her head no.

“It’s almost lunch time, sweetheart. I’m going to find a place to eat and to look at the map again. I don’t know for sure what that coyote is up to that we saw last night, but if he is being paid to deliver his cargo to America as soon as possible, and he’s likely got another job already lined up after that, he will likely take the most direct path to the border. If we spend a couple of days driving out of our way to get off of the coyote trail, he and all the other coyotes will probably lose track of us.”

Breanna looked at Uncle Ralph for a minute, thinking about what that could mean. She had a nagging feeling that even if they were no longer on the coyote trail, Ralph really didn’t want her to stop wetting her pants. She shivered as she thought about whether to ask him or not.

“If he says I have to keep wetting,” she whimpered to herself to her doll. “I’m not sure how I’ll feel about him. But if he says I don’t have to….”

She picked her doll up to look in its little adorable face.

“Do you think I should ask, or should I just keep wetting my pants and let Uncle Ralph decide to tell me if it’s not important to do it anymore?”

She held her doll to her ear, as though expecting her to whisper some advice to her.

“Breanna,” she heard Guadeloupe’s real voice in her mind. “You know that Uncle Jorge and Aunt Carmen don’t really care if you wet your pants or not, don’t you? They will just punish you for something else if you don’t wet the bed tonight.”

She remembered, they were camping, and she was about sixteen years old at the time.

“What I’m saying is, if you are scared to go out there and find a place to pee because it’s dark, and anything can be out there, then I won’t care if you wet yourself even on purpose. You’re going to be punished no matter what, and at least if it looks like an accident, like you wet the bed, then I know my parents will stop them being mean to you.”

Breanna looked at the doll for a minute. “Is that really the best thing to do?” she asked.

Guadeloupe’s head in her little side dream nodded. “Just wet your pants, Breanna. Uncle Ralph hasn’t punished you for it at all, and if he likes you acting like a baby, then that’s a lot easier on you than getting hit for no reason, right?”

Breanna nodded.

Ralph happened to look over at Breanna nodding at her doll, and he chuckled to himself.

This startled Breanna out of her little daydream, and she looked over at him, but he had a smile on his face, and his eyes lit up as he saw her holding her doll. It looked like he really liked to see her holding a doll in her arms.

“Did what’s her name give you some kind of advice or something?” Ralph asked as if he knew what she was thinking.

Breanna felt her face get a little warm and she started to put the doll back down in her lap.

“Her name is Guadeloupe,” Breanna reminded him. She thought she had told him her doll’s name before. “Guadeloupe always gave me advice when I was living with Uncle Jorge and Aunt Carmen.”

“She’s the cousin your aunt said you always hung out with, right?”

Breanna nodded.

“Sweetie, I know how scary things are right now, but remember, if you trust Uncle Ralph, I will get you to America safely. No one will be mean to my little pretend nine year old niece, okay?”

She nodded.

He nodded at the restaurant, the parking of which he had just turned into.

“Let’s have some lunch, okay? If you have any questions about what we can expect from coyotes on our new trail, you can ask me after lunch, and we are safely back in the car.”

Breanna nodded.

When they got out of the car, Uncle Ralph handed her the Guadeloupe doll.

“You need to take your little friend with you,” he told her. “She will help you if you get anxious, especially if you have an accident or something, okay?”

Breanna nodded and hugged Guadeloupe to her shoulder.

“What do you mean, you want to take a doll into the restaurant?” her Uncle Jorge had told her when she was twelve years old one time. “Are you a little baby or something? Do you want people to make fun of you?”

Breanna looked up at Uncle Ralph, and he looked at her as he handed her the doll with kind eyes and his manner was natural, as he put a hand on her shoulder, and she knew that he thought it was quite alright for her to bring the doll in with her.

Breanna thought a moment about what she was doing. Was she really okay, doing this, as in being her own nineteen year old self? Was she okay with the whole little kid treatment? But then she remembered how Uncle Ralph protected her when she embarrassed herself.

“What can you do?” she remembered the first time Uncle Ralph took her into the store and she had wet her pants and someone had noticed. “You can’t expect an eleven year old to pee in front of her daddy, and I didn’t like the idea of her disappearing off of the road because it’s too dangerous.”

Ralph put her in diapers. “These will help you when you wet in public, so it’s much less noticeable,” and he was right. It didn’t seem to draw anyone’s attention when she wet her diaper, unless she leaked or they talked about it.

And then, Ralph told her to start wetting her pants on purpose because of coyotes.

“She’s kind of a cute,” a coyote told Ralph.

“She’s nine years old,” he told the coyote last night.

“I wet my pants,” Breanna told Uncle Ralph. “Can we please go change my diaper?”

And that coyote stopped looking at her after that.

Ralph really was protecting her and taking care of her as if she was a child, and now, he was handing her the doll as though it was natural for her to hold it.

She decided that whether or not she felt good about taking the doll into the restaurant, everything else Ralph had done had been for her good, so she trusted that having the doll and playing with it in public was a good thing.

Breanna had just taken the first bite of her lunch, when she suddenly started to worry about something else, and she looked up at Ralph for a long time until he focused on her.

“What is it?” he asked her.

“What if my daddy doesn’t want me when we get there?” she asked.

“Why wouldn’t he?” Ralph asked her. “He’s been looking for you for a long time, honey.”

“Because… now, I wet my pants all the time, and before I was taken, I never used to do that.”

Ralph smiled. “Daddies don’t stop loving their kids because they have little problems or even developmental issues caused by stress or trauma,” he told her. “Daddies love their little kids too much to place that much importance on whether you accidentally leak a little bit in your panties from time to time or not. He wouldn’t likely even cared if you completely wet your pants all the time, or you even had other problems….”

“Honest?”

“Honest, baby. And if your daddy turned out to be so disappointed in you that he wouldn’t take you back after all he did to get you, then I would not leave you stranded, sweetheart. I know you don’t know me that well, but I feel like I really am your uncle, and I’d take you in in a heartbeat if something happened between your dad and you.”

She smiled up at him.

“Now, is my little baby niece wet?” he asked her.

She shook her head no.

“Are you sure?”

“I’ll tell you, honest, Uncle Ralph. You don’t scare me from telling you like Aunt Carmen and especially Uncle Jorge did. I don’t mind telling you if I even leak a little bit. I promise.”

He smiled at her. “Then eat your lunch so we can get on the road, sweetheart. I want to get off of the coyote trail as soon as we can.”

She nodded.

Breanna sat there, eating, and while she was eating, she suddenly felt an urge which was quickly followed by a little spray of pee going into her diaper before her body suddenly turned the water faucet off.

She looked down at her doll, and picked it up checking under it to make sure it had not gotten wet, but all she did, was spray a little bit like she sometimes did before she got to the bathroom. It was a bit of a surprise though, because normally, she didn’t spray unless she had been holding it a few minutes, but for some reason, she sprayed a little bit before she even started holding it.

She whimpered.

“Are you okay?” Uncle Ralph asked her.

“I… I’m starting to wet,” she whispered.

“That’s okay,” Uncle Ralph smiled at her. “This isn’t the safest place to use the toilet for you anyway, honey. Just go ahead and wet your pants for now, and we’ll change you in the car, okay?”

Breanna nodded.

But now that her body was aware of her needing to pee, it didn’t want to let anymore out as long as she was sitting with her clothes on, and so eventually, while she was eating her leg started to bounce up and down while her knees vibrated, and lightly tapped each other under the table.

“Are you scared to finish wetting your pants?” Uncle Ralph asked her.

Breanna felt her face get a little warm.

“It’s okay,” Ralph told her. “Just try to finish eating, and if you aren’t done with your little peeing, we can just get in the car and drive for a while until you wet your pants, and after that, I’ll find a place we can stop so I can change you, okay?”

Breanna nodded.

“You’re a good little girl,” Ralph told her.

He finished eating a little faster than she did this time, and he stood up and walked over to her, prodded her up, and then sat down and put her in his lap and hugged her while she continued to eat.

“It’s okay if your body doesn’t want to just pee,” he whispered to her. “Not many little nine year old girls would just pee on purpose, baby. You are not being disobedient just because you aren’t used to wetting your pants. And you are not disobedient if you accidentally pee even if I tell you that you can use the toilet because it is safe. You will never be in trouble for being natural, sweetheart.”

As he said these things, he lightly rocked her, trying not to interfere too much with her eating, but it seemed like he wanted her to know that he believed she was trying to be a good little girl.

She nodded and felt herself spray a little bit more, but then it stopped. Her body really hated peeing when she wasn’t on the toilet, and every time the liquid started to collect into a bit of a dampness, she couldn’t help herself from stopping.

“You are Ralph’s good little niece,” he told her.

Ralph was still trying to say little encouragements in her ear, things that let her know that he thought she was a good girl, that it was okay to accidentally wet herself because the toilet at this place couldn’t be trusted, and that even if she was in a safe place, he’d never ever spank her for wetting her pants, no matter how wet she got herself.

Eventually, little Breanna finished eating.

Ralph pulled out money to pay for the meal and Breanna’s face heated up, as she not only sprayed again, but it turned into a longer squirt that nearly made a puddle between her legs in her diaper before her body stopped it again, and her legs started to really squirm as did her butt starting to bounce a bit in her seat.

“My little niece wetting her pants?” Uncle Ralph asked her as he picked her up to carry her.

Breanna nodded as another longer squirt, and then another one slipped out. Then, she suddenly felt a wave of water pour through her little tired muscles and she could almost even hear the faint hissing as she peed her pants.

Uncle Ralph carried her out to the car, and set her on her feet at the car. Then he got down to her eye level, and hugging her, he asked her.

“Are you still wetting, or are you ready to change your pants?” he asked her.

“I… I’m not sure,” Breanna held Guadeloupe on one shoulder, and she put her thumb in her mouth. “I… I stopped peeing, but I don’t… I think… maybe there is still more in there?”

He smiled and nodded, and after checking her butt quickly with his hand on her pants, he smiled and unlocked her door and helped her into the car.

“I’ll stop maybe an hour or so up the road. You should be done peeing by then, right?”

Breanna nodded.

He buckled her into the car, and they were off again.

Before they were even on the road for five minutes, she felt the rest finally push through her muscles that were just tired and gave up. Her diaper was already wet, after all.

She moaned a little bit when she peed the rest in her diaper, and Uncle Ralph looked over at her.

“Are you okay, sweetie?”

Breanna nodded. “I… I just… I think I finished, uncle. I’m wet.”

“Good girl,” he responded putting a hand on her lap to let her know it was okay to wet her pants like the little girl she was supposed to pretend to be. “We are on the road, now, anyway, so it’s natural for a little girl to wet herself if we don’t find a bathroom in time,” he told her.

Breanna nodded.

Breanna lifted Guadeloupe up to her ear.

“See?” Guadeloupe said to her in her vision. “I told you Ralph would not be mad, honey. No one gets mad at you for accidents except Uncle Jorge and sometimes Aunt Carmen, because they are stupid. They don’t understand at all.”

Breanna nodded and hugged Guadeloupe doll.

Ralph pulled off onto a dirt road that wasn’t used as much, and he started to drive along the bumpy road until they found a very secluded place where he parked in the middle of some trees.

“We’re safe here,” he told his little pretend niece. “How about we get your diaper changed here?”

She looked up at him and nodded.

“We are going to come out on another road when we get off here, so how about we put you in the potty training panties instead of another diaper?” he asked her.

“Does that mean you want me to go to the potty from now on?”

Uncle Ralph smiled at her and nodded.

He got out of the car, came around to held her out, and then while he hugged her, he explained.

“Yes, sweetie. I want you to tell me if you gotta pee now, but don’t be scared if you accidentally still leak or even pee all the way in your pants. I’m putting the potty training panties on you so that you know it’s alright to still wet yourself on accident, and no one will be mad, but to also let you know to ask me if you gotta pee, so I can take you to the toilet as soon as possible.”

Breanna nodded.

He took her to the back seat, and he pulled off her clothes and her swimsuit so he could get to her diaper. Then he balled that up and threw it away.

“I’m going to put you in training pants, but I do want to put a pad in your trainers so that if you leak, it won’ get your trainers wet unless you pee really bad, okay?”

Breanna nodded and let him dress her. If he was letting her wear panties, she supposed she could have dressed herself, but she just let Uncle Ralph do it because he seemed already determined to do it.

He got her panties pulled up on her, and then he started to put her swimsuit back on her.

“Uncle Ralph, if you put this back on me, I don’t know even if we get to the toilet in time, if I can get it off before I wet.”

Ralph hugged her.

“I don’t care if you get it off in time or not, baby. But we’ll try to get it off in time because a nine year old little girl feels a lot better about herself when she makes it to the toilet, right?”

Breanna nodded.

He got her swimsuit on her, and then he put her shirt back on her and finally her skirt she had been wearing.

*014*2021-07-14 08:40

Chapter 10

They drove on the bumpy dirt road for another thirty minutes after Ralph had changed Breanna into a pair of panties. Wearing a swimsuit over her panties felt a little weird to her, but she didn’t want to question Ralph. She was in the front seat again, and her had her Guadeloupe doll up to her ear, listening to her cousin from far off in Guatemala.

“You’re sucking your thumb again,” her cousin told her through the doll.

“I know,” Breanna responded. “It’s just… I’m… I’m a little bit nervous….”

“What in the world are you wearing?” she suddenly heard Uncle Jorge’s voice break through into her dolly world. “Do you really think that wearing a swimsuit under your clothes gives you permission to wet yourself like a baby?” he asked her.

“No sir,” she mumbled to herself.

“Then why would you let this stranger put you in diapers, and then in a swimsuit under your clothes, and obey him when he tells you that wetting your pants is natural and safe to do?”

“I don’t know, sir. I’m sorry.”

She started shaking.

“Breanna,” Guadeloupe tried to break in to the nightmare of her imagination, but she sounded too far off. Uncle Jorge was right there, yelling at her.

“Sit on the toilet,” her Uncle Jorge told her.

“But I’m still wearing clothes,” she whispered to her imaginary Uncle Jorge. “Can’t I take off my pants first?”

“Do you even know how?” he stood over her watching her, making her nervous. “You do realize, with a swimsuit on, you’ll have to completely get naked. Do you want to do that, right here, in front of me?”

“No, sir.”

“And if even if I leave the bathroom, I’m coming back in a bit to get you off the toilet. Do you WANT me to see you completely naked? You are supposed to be a nineteen year old young lady!”

She shook her head no.

“Well, then, do you want to take your clothes off?” he asked her.

She shook her head no.

“Then sit on the potty like I told you, and don’t pee. If I come back here, and your pants are soaked, you’ll get it, little missy.”

Breanna felt tears stinging her eyes, and she sniffled.

“Breanna?” she heard a man’s voice. “Breanna!”

The second time the voice cut through her imaginary disciplined psyche, she realized it was Ralph trying to bring her to the real present.

She looked up at him, a tear trail running down the left side of her face.

“What is it, sweetie?” Ralph asked her.

“Nothing?” she was uncertain about what to say.

“Honey, you can tell Uncle Ralph,” he told her. “Are you wet?”

She shook her head.

“Why are you crying, then, baby?”

“I… I was back at Uncle Jorge’s just now, and he was mad I had a swimsuit on over my panties, and he made me sit on the toilet and threatened me if I peed….”

She started to get too worked up in her crying to say anymore.

Uncle Ralph found a place to pull the car over, and then he got out and walked over to her side of the car, and helped her out, and then he picked her up and held her.

“You’re not at Uncle Jorge’s anymore,” he whispered to her. “You are with Uncle Ralph, and there is no such rule as you are not allowed to pee,” he told her. “Even if we are not near a toilet, and you need to go in your pants, there is no such thing as you are not allowed to pee, okay?”

She nodded.

“And if I put you on the toilet with your clothes on, it’s only because your clothes are already wet, or I’m just sitting you somewhere while I get you a bath ready. But baby, if you gotta pee or something, and I put you on the toilet, whether you are dressed or naked, you have a right to pee, and if you don’t want to wet your clothes, you have a right to take down your pants.”

Sniffling she nodded and he continued to hold her and rocked her a bit like you would a little kid.

Finally, she got enough of her reality back that she found she was able to ask: “Uncle Ralph? If you tell me to sit on the toilet and I want to take off my pants…. I have a swimsuit on. How am I going to pee without wetting my swimsuit and panties?”

He continued to rock her and hold her.

“You just take your swimsuit all the way off,” he told her. “If you don’t want me to see you naked, then ask me to leave the bathroom for a minute so you can get off your swimsuit and put back on your shirt if you want.”

She nodded.

“I will only not leave the bathroom if it feels like a bad idea because you are too upset. At that point, I’m not going to tell you to sit on the toilet because sitting on the toilet with your clothes on feels like it must have been one of the ways that that Jorge character controlled and abused you, baby. I think if I’m going to just have you wet because you are too upset, I’ll just hold my little niece while she does it.”

“Ho… hold me? But I’ll get you all wet if you hold me while I’m not wearing a diaper, and… and you tell me to pee my pants?”

He nodded. “I don’t care as much about that as I do about you feeling better about whatever is making you too upset to go potty by yourself, sweetheart. Even a nine year old can go potty by herself unless she’s scared or too upset about something.”

Breanna nodded.

“Don’t be scared to just wet your pants, sometimes, if you are too scared or you are too nervous about something and don’t want me to hold you. It’s an accident if you wet because you are scared or nervous, baby.”

“It is?”

“Yes, sweetheart. Anytime you wet your pants either because you don’t feel it in time, or because something has made you too nervous or scared to go potty, or even upset you so you are crying or not paying attention to that, and you wet, then it is an accident.”

She nodded.

“It’s also an accident if you are just having too much fun, and you didn’t realize you had to go until it was too late, sweetheart. It’s only on purpose if you sit down or squat down, and you try really hard to pee on yourself for no reason, and I didn’t tell you to just wet yourself for my reasons. Only if you do it like that, then it is on purpose.”

“I… I never do that,” Breanna felt herself more whimper than voice her response.

“Of course you don’t,” he swayed side to side trying to calm her. “You are a nine year old little girl, or you are nineteen. Either way, there is no way you’d just sit and squat and try to pee your pants for no reason, baby. No child over the age of five, as far as I’ve ever seen, does that.”

Breanna nodded.

“So, don’t be scared, honey. I’ll never blame you or tell you that you are being a bad little girl just because you can’t control wetting your pants sometimes.”

She sighed and put her head into his chest, where he rocked her a little bit longer.

A police siren sounded, and Breanna looked up to see a patrol car stopping behind Ralph’s car.

“Are you okay?” the officer asked Ralph or Breanna, she wasn’t sure which.

“Sorry officer. I had to pull over because my little niece got upset and I need to calm her down. She’s had a rough few days.”

The officer nodded. “Well, is there anything I can help you with?”

“No. Little Breanna will be okay in a few minutes, and we’ll get back in the car as soon as we can.”

“Well, I’m going to stay and make sure no one comes flying into you because they are not paying attention. Go ahead and take all the time you need with your little niece.”

“Thank you, officer.”

And Ralph rocked her a little more until she felt her eyes getting heavy and then she fell asleep.

“Breanna,” Marianna whispered to her. “What are you doing?”

“I’m gonna poop and Uncle Jorge will get mad if I go in my panties,” the twelve year old Breanna replied to a cousin while they were camping one day, and the two girls were near a lake.

“But if he catches you doing this…, he’ll hit you even more, won’t he?”

“He’s busy with your dad fishing. He won’t see,” Breanna told Marianna who kept looking out at the lake where the row boat was, their dad’s backs to them.

They were in heavy cover, so there was no way the men could even see the girls, and Guadeloupe was at camp with the aunts, helping with chores.

“You better hurry,” Marianna said. “I don’t want Uncle Jorge to catch you. He’s such a meanie, especially to you!”

Breanna nodded, and after getting her swimsuit down, Marianna noticed her wet area.

“You’re wet?” she asked her knowing they had not even gotten in the water yet.

Breanna blushed. “Yeah. I had an accident on the way in the car, but I didn’t tell Uncle or Aunt yet because I know when they find it, I’m going to get in trouble.”

“I just hope they don’t catch you pulling your pants down out here,” Marianna said. “They’ll really get mad at you if they catch you pulling your pants down out here.”

“I know, but it’s either that or poop my pants, and if I’m going to get in trouble anyway, I’d rather be comfortable and in trouble, than be messy and in trouble.”

“No doubt,” Marianna agreed with her. “I’m so glad my parents are not controlling like Uncle Jorge is, and they won’t even let Uncle Jorge babysit us.”

“So, what are YOU going to do when you have to pee while camping?” Breanna asked her cousin.

“I… I’ll try to find a place where Uncle Jorge won’t see, and go there. If Uncle Jorge is watching though, I’ll run to my mom and pee my pants and tell her I couldn’t find a private place to go.”

Breanna nodded.

Breanna finished her business, and then pulled up her wet swimsuit and then she smiled at Marianna.

“Let’s play in the water. It will take Aunt and Uncle a lot longer to notice I’m wet, if we were playing in the water.”

“Okay!”

They both ran in to the lake.

….

“Breanna,” a voice from nowhere was calling her. Was she asleep? She tried to open her eyes, but she couldn’t see anything but a white light. She wasn’t sure what was happening at first.

“Breanna, honey, wake up,” a voice called and someone’s hand rubbed her back. It wasn’t rough like Uncle Jorge, but it wasn’t quite the babying hand of Ralph either.

“Sweetie, wake up! You’ve had an accident.”

Breanna’s eyes flew open and she reached down to her privates and felt the cooling puddle of water between her legs. She started to cry as she turned to look over at someone she didn’t quite recognize.

“It’s okay, baby,” the man she didn’t know told her. “It was just a little accident, baby. You were kidnapped, so this was bound to happen.”

Suddenly, the little girl opened her eyes again, and this time, she was in a motel room, tied up to a chair, and in the seat of the chair, she had made a puddle that poured over the front and back of the chair making a lake on the floor.

A woman was talking on the phone.

“What do you mean, you won’t take her? Do you know how much in resources we spent to get her?”

The woman listened on the other end of the phone.

Breanna shivered. She was definitely younger than twelve in this vision, maybe even ten years old.

“I told you, we can’t control if the kid we pick up for you pees her pants or not. She is the person you requested. We got all the information, and nothing got mixed up.”

Breanna shook as she listened to the call.

“Fine. We’ll find the alternative girl, you are still going to pay half price for our trouble in getting this girl here, and you are going to pay price plus ten percent for making us go out of our way to get another girl for you.”

Breanna felt tears in her eyes, but before anything else happened, nineteen year old Breanna woke up, and with a puddle in her lap from wetting her pants. She looked over at Ralph, and whimpered.

Ralph heard her whimper and looked over at her and frowning, he reached a hand for her hand.

“Are you okay, sweetie?”

“I… I wet my pants,” she whimpered.

“Of course you did,” he said softly. “You were sleeping sweetheart.”

She looked down. “Other nineteen year olds don’t wet when they are asleep.”

Ralph shrugged.

“Baby, everyone has their own problems, and sometimes our ways of dealing with problems don’t make sense to us, but you are not the first nineteen year old I’ve helped get back to America that has had wetting her pants issues.”

“I’m not?”

“No, sweetheart. And anyway, until further notice, you are a nine year old unless there is real police trouble where they are afraid you were abused and need to look, then you are 13 years old. Scared nine year olds wet their pants all the time, sweetheart.”

Her body shook as she nodded.

“And I’ve helped a lot of nineteen year olds pretend to be eleven or thirteen years old, though you are the first I’ve tried to pass off as nine.”

“Really?”

“Because you really do look small enough, and with all your clothes on, no one can really tell you aren’t. Of course, if someone looks at your body, you definitely look a little older, but not much older than thirteen, baby.”

She nodded. There was no reason he would lie or not know being as he was almost a coyote himself, getting girls back to America who belonged there, but doing it in a shady way so as to slip by other coyotes and police alike. What did he call himself? El Lobo? She wasn’t sure El Lobo was the proper term though, because Ralph didn’t look like he fought unless he had to. She imagined a wolf would be a lot more straight forward and also have a pack with him so as to make any fights uneven in their favor. Ralph was definitely not like that.

“But I thought you told me not to pee my pants anymore,” Breanna said after a moment or two, and found her thumb reaching up to her mouth.

“I told you that you don’t HAVE to pee your pants for a while,” Ralph agreed. “But there is a difference, honey. I said, You. Don’t. Have. To. I didn’t say you were not allowed to, baby. What that means is, if you want to pee in the toilet, and you tell me, I’ll stop somewhere and let you go, even if you are already wet. But if you wet because of an accident, you are not going to be any kind of trouble.”

He reached over and patted her wet lap.

“My little nine year old niece is definitely allowed to have accidents, no matter if you are awake or if you are sleeping, and no matter if you are upset or laughing, you just tell Uncle Ralphy you wet your pants, and we’ll get you changed as soon as we can, baby.”

Breanna nodded.

“So, even though you’re not worried about me going to the toilet on this road, I’m still your nine year old niece?” she asked him.

“Unless I tell the officer that we are playing a game to slip by any sleeping coyotes so they don’t try to kidnap you again, then yes, you are a nine year old.”

She nodded.

“I gotta still pee, some, but….”

“You want to know if it’s okay to pee your pants on purpose because you don’t think you can hold it?”

Breanna nodded.

“It’s not on purpose if you can’t hold it, baby. Of course you can finish wetting your pants. Uncle Ralph understands that a nine year old would not do that unless you just can’t hold it, honey.”

He put a hand on her back and rubbed.

“How about this…. Because I understand how scared you are to just pee your pants, and I don’t want you holding it needlessly, I’m going to tell you to pee your pants. You did promise to do whatever I tell you to do, right?”

Breanna nodded.

“Well, I’m ordering you to pee your pants. That way, it’s not even a little bit your fault that you wet. It’s all Uncle Ralph’s fault because I expect you to obey me, honey. Go ahead and wet them. I’m change you as soon as I can pull over safely.”

Breanna nodded and picked up her doll. “I will, Uncle Ralphy.”

Breanna brought Guadeloupe to her ear.

“It’s okay,” her dolly told her. “Ralph isn’t telling you to wet just so he can hit you or be mean. He’s telling you to pee so it’s not your fault. He wants you to go ahead and do it, and you did promise to do what he tells you. You can wet, Breanna. I won’t care. I promise.”

Breanna nodded at her doll.

Even though it was just the doll and her imagination, she was so sure of how much Guadeloupe cared about her, and of the fact that Guadeloupe would tell her to do whatever meant the least amount of trouble for her, that the doll’s advice in Guadeloupe’s voice made sense to her. And she started to push herself to pee like the doll told her to do.

The sky was staring to darken, and the stars were starting to appear one by one overhead in a bare stretch of road. Breanna was still waiting for Ralph to pull over somewhere to change her wet pants, but she didn’t mind wearing the wet pants. She had had to wear wet pants before for a very long time… when Uncle Jorge was trying to teach her a lesson.

“Is there going to be a toilet soon?” Breanna asked Ralph as she felt her stomach tighten a bit.

“Honey, you’re already wet. If I take you in like you are, everyone will see my little nine year old has already wet. Do you want to go into a toilet like this?”

Breanna nodded.

“Do you need to poop, baby?”

She nodded again.

“Okay, we’ll stop as soon as we can, but tell me if it starts coming out. There’s no reason to embarrass you if you are already going in your pants, okay?”

Breanna nodded a third time.

Ralph started to pay more attention to the signs, now. Breanna noticed that he was looking to the side of the road more, and that he mouthed when a sign read the distance to the next small town.

“There’s one,” Ralph told Breanna. “It’s about ten or fifteen minutes away. How you doing with pooping your pants, baby?”

“I think I can hold it,” she whimpered.

“Don’t be scared, baby. If you go, you go, baby. Uncle Ralph is still going to turn off there and then check you. If you tell me you already went, or when I check you, if I notice you’ve already done some in your pants, then I’ll just let you finish in your seat, and then get you changed, baby.”

She nodded.

They did get to the rest area in time, and because Ralph wanted her to make it this time, he took her hand without preparing anything else, and he walked her quickly to the bathrooms, and he knocked on the girls’ bathroom door.

“Sorry, ladies, but my big girl wants to use the potty, and she doesn’t want to go in the boys’ room.”

He walked her in, and everyone could already see her wet pants.

“I think the poor little girl already wet,” one of the girls who was probably about the age he was pretending her to be said.

“Yes, she is a little wet,” Ralph agreed with her. “But she still wants to go potty, and it’s very responsible for her to go in the toilet if she can, even if she had a bit of an accident already.”

The little girl nodded. “Yeah. Okay.”

The little girl’s mom smiled down at Breanna who blushed.

“You can go first, honey. I don’t need to go as badly as you obviously need to.”

Breanna nodded putting her thumb in her mouth as she went into the stall with her daddy.

“Are you going in with her?”

“She needs help,” Ralph explained. “I’ll explain if I really have to after I help her get ready to go.”

The lady shook her head and Ralph took her into the stall and pulled off all her clothes so she could sit on the potty.

“When you are done,” Ralph told her. “I’ll just keep the swimsuit and the panties with me. Just pull on your pants and we’ll put some panties on you in the car after.”

Breanna nodded, and he left to let her go.

She heard Ralph talk to the lady.

“She was wearing this from swimming at the motel we stayed at. I told her she could wear them, but warned her I would have to help her if she had to stop somewhere to go potty because she’d have to take them all the way off, and leaving them on the dirty floor and then putting them back on wasn’t very healthy.”

Breanna didn’t hear the woman’s reaction, but she heard the little girl again.

“How come she wet her pants?”

“She was in the car for a while, and fell asleep. She doesn’t like it, but she sometimes wets in her sleep.”

“Oh. That must be really embarrassing for her.”

“Yes, it is.”

“Well, she shouldn’t care if it happened and people see, unless you are in her town because no one at her school will know what happened. My best friend wets the bed, and she was scared to tell me, but I caught her, and we only got to be better friends after I found out.”

“That’s very nice of you, little one.”

“My mom said I should always be nice if someone has trouble that makes others be mean because we all have troubles that can get us made fun of.”

“Your mom is right.”

Breanna finished going, and cleaning herself up, and then she called through the door.

“Uncle Ralph! I… I finished.”

“Did you pull your pants up, honey?”

“Not yet.”

“Pull them up, and come on out, honey.”

“They’re wet, Uncle. Can’t you go to the car and get me clean stuff and bring it back to me?”

Ralph frowned at the door.

“Are you scared for, your, niece, is it?” the woman asked Ralph.

“Well, see, I’m watching her for her parents on vacation, and not only do I not want to lose my niece, but it would be a lot worse if she disappeared because I left her somewhere I shouldn’t have.”

“She’s safe here,” the woman told Uncle Ralph. “I’ll let her keep the door shut and locked and stay right here until you come back.”

“That’s nice of you, but aren’t you going to use the bathroom?”

“I… yes, I….”

“Well, she needs an adult who is right at there, ready to protect her if someone tries to get in her door, so, no….”

“Look, I’ll hold it,” the lady said. “Go get the poor kid some clean clothes, and I’ll wait, okay?”

“Promise?”

“Breanna, the woman wants me let you stay in there, locked in the potty. Make sure the door is locked and stay right there, okay?”

“I will, Uncle Ralph. I promise.”

Breanna could tell that Ralph was a little nervous, still, about leaving, but eventually she heard the bathroom door open and close, and she sat on the toilet waiting for him.

“Mommy, that guy goes right into girls’ bathrooms and he doesn’t leave the girl’s side at all. I think he even took her clothes off of her to go potty.”

The lady whispered. “He’s just probably kind of new at being responsible for a kid, honey. Your dad would take you right into the bathroom if he had a bad feeling. You know that, don’t you?”

The little girl’s answer was not audible.

“I think the little girl’s uncle is being very responsible though. I commend him for taking her into the bathroom to let her go instead of leaving her to chance.”

“You wished daddy would take me inside more, then?”

“When mommy isn’t there, honestly, yes, I do, baby.”

“Daddy would be mad though if I accidentally wet my pants because I was scared to go by myself, wouldn’t he?”

“No, baby. If something scared you about going into the bathroom alone, I don’t think he’d be mad at you. He would be surprised that you wet until you explained why you did it though.”

“Mommy?”

“What honey?”

“I’m wetting. I couldn’t hold it anymore.”

“Oh, sweetheart. I should have let YOU go. I just promised I would watch the girl’s door. It’s okay. I’ll tell your daddy it wasn’t your fault, sweetheart.”

“I have your stuff, honey, open up,” Ralph knocked at the door not even mentioning that he noticed if the other little girl had just wet her pants.

Breanna opened the door and took the panties and clean skirt from Uncle Ralph, and then closed the door and went to putting on her clean clothes.

She was glad she had not pooped herself, or trying to get clean clothes on would be very difficult because she doubted she’d be clean enough to want to put them on.

She came out and noticed the little girl, crying, and her mommy holding her.

Breanna went over and she hugged the other little girl.

“You wet?” she asked her.

The other little girl turned and looked into Breanna’s eyes and nodded.

“You were nice to me,” Breanna said. “I’m sorry you wet your pants just because of my troubles. But don’t be embarrassed. We don’t know each other, and no one else here, except your mommy knows you wet your pants, and you will be with when you get home, okay?”

The girl nodded and smiled up at her wiping her eyes. “You’re right. Thank you.”

Breanna nodded.

They walked out of the bathroom, and Ralph picked her up and started to carry her.

“You are a nice little girl,” he told her kissing her head.

Breanna shrugged. “Of course. She wasn’t really nine years old after all, and she wasn’t sure, but she thought the other girl might have actually been a little older than nine, but neither of them seemed to really care what the other’s real age was.

*015*2021-07-15 10:56

Chapter 11:

When they got out to the car, Uncle Ralph opened the back door. Of course, she had soaked her front seat, so was he just protecting her clothes? But no, he had her move over, and then he got in and started putting up the curtains.

“What’s wrong?” Breanna felt herself to make sure she had not somehow leaked and not felt the pee coming out, though it would be strange if she did after just finishing in the rest area bathroom.

“You need to put on one of your clean onesies on,” he told her.

“Onesie?” she asked.

“Yeah, your swimsuit, sweetheart. I’m not putting you in diapers right now, but I still want your swimsuit on over your panties.”

“But the pee still comes out all over my clothes,” she looked down.

“Yes, sweetheart, you still get everything wet if you pee, but the swimsuit is still a good idea if you end up pooping your pants, baby.”

“But… I won’t,” she mumbled.

Ralph pulled her to his lap and started to undo her skirt.

“Honey, I know you won’t if you can help and control it. I’m not going to ask you to do that on purpose, either. But think about our situation just a few minutes ago before we got here. If we were like ten or twenty minutes later before finding the toilet, would you have been able to stop yourself pooping your pants, honey?”

She blushed, and then shook her head. She wasn’t sure, but even if she said she could, he would likely just say well, how about half an hour an hour. She was sure he was trying to convince her that she could poop her pants if they don’t find a toilet in a while, and she really had to go, so she just went along with what he was saying.

“With your onesie in place, I’m pretty sure the poop will basically stay in your panties and not go all over the seat, sweetheart. That’s why I want you to wear it.”

Breanna nodded as he got her skirt off and then he started to take her shirt off of her. She let him. She even helped him by moving her arms so he could do it. He was just treating her like a baby, nothing more.

Once she had her swimsuit/onesie on and dressed again in her shirt and overall-style skirt, Ralph took her wet cushion from the front seat and pulled out a second cushion for her to sit on and then helped her into the front seat handing her her Guadeloupe doll and her DS game.

Breanna smiled up at him as he closed her door, and they were back on the road, but this time, looking for a motel or restaurant to eat dinner and spend the night again.

They stopped at a McDonalds, and Ralph took her to sit at a table.

“Wait right here,” he told her. “Unless you want to go into the men’s with Uncle Ralph. Don’t you move because I want you to be safe, and while there are not as many coyotes out this way, there are still bad people that can take a little girl if they think they can get away with it, and if you accidentally tell them you are a young lady, and they are a coyote, they will do worse.”

Breanna nodded.

When Ralph came back, he took her to the front with him, and he picked her up, just like she was a little girl again, and he put her on the counter.

“Point at what you want, sweetheart,” he told her.

“Your daughter is too big to be sitting on the counter like that,” one of the restaurant employees told Ralph.

“She’s my niece, and she needs to see the menu,” he told the young woman. “Her eyes are not that good, and we broke her glasses by mistake last night, so unless you want to come around her and hold her up until she decides what she wants….”

The woman sighed and shook her head. “Fine. Just, what do you want, little girl?”

Breanna looked up at Ralph, and he smiled and pointed out the happy meal menus to her.

Breanna nodded and looked those over, and then she looked up at Uncle Ralph. “I want the nugget one.”

“Good girl,” Ralph said. “And what do you want to drink, baby?”

“Orange soda?”

“Okay, let’s get you down before the McDonalds staff have a heart attack, okay?”

Breanna nodded. She put her thumb in her mouth as Uncle Ralph picked her up and put her on her feet. Then he ordered what he wanted along with extra apple pies and a strawberry shake. Then she helped him carry their order to the table when it was ready.

“Why you tell that lady I wear glasses and need to see the menu?” Breanna whispered.

“Because I wanted my little niece to behave like a nine year old, and she was getting in the way of that. I was trying to shame her for treating a little girl like she was doing to you.”

“Oh.”

“Honey, people need to learn to be nicer to people, because they don’t always know why someone needs to do something like put a child on the counter for a minute, or why a little thirteen year old might come in the restaurant already in pooped in pants, going for the bathroom, or whatever. People need to try to be more understanding of others because everyone has problems, sweetheart.”

Breanna nodded.

“Now, if she had been a little nicer to you about it, and asked in the first place, keeping in mind you are supposed to be nine years old, or at least a child, and spoken to you like a child that just didn’t know the rules, then I wouldn’t have lied and tried to embarrass her like that. If she had asked me if there was a special reason you needed to be on the counter, or she had told me politely that she was sorry, but the store’s policy is that children shouldn’t sit there because of whatever health code or whatever, and she was respectful, I would have apologized because I would have been in the wrong for not asking before putting you up there.”

Breanna nodded.

“But you were in the wrong, first, and I was, because I sat up there without asking.”

“Yes, honey, Uncle Ralph was wrong first, but not little Breanna. Nine year old Breanna was put on the counter against her will, or without her even thinking about what Uncle Ralph was doing, so the lady had no reason to snap at you the way she did, which by the way, would make a lot of nine year olds cry.”

“Oh, was I supposed to cry? I’m sorry.”

“No, baby. You don’t have to cry every time someone is mean to you. I’m just pointing it out to you, so that when you really do feel like a nine year old, I won’t be surprised or be upset if you cry because someone hurts your feelings.”

Breanna nodded.

Breanna started eating.

Uncle Ralph passed her an extra cheese burger that he ordered on the side for her knowing a kid’s meal could not possibly be enough to feed an adult with. He also passed her an apple pie and the strawberry shake.

“I don’t know what Uncle Jorge would have done with a nine year old,” Breanna told Uncle Ralph. “But I remember, one time, I think I was thirteen years old, and I started to cry because someone yelled at me at the restaurant for wetting my pants in my seat….”

Breanna sniffled.

“I know I shouldn’t have wet, at thirteen years old, but I was scared to ask my uncle, and it felt like the whole room would hear if he asked me why I was asking such rude and gross things while people were eating, so I tried to hold it…. But I wet.”

She sighed.

“Uncle Jorge heard someone ask if I had a mental problem or something, which made me start to cry, partly because that would alert Uncle Jorge to punish me, and partly because I was embarrassed someone saw me pee my pants….”

Ralph frowned and reached a hand over to take Breanna’s hand, his strong fingers flexing her hand letting her know he was emotionally right there with her.

“Uncle Jorge shook his head. ‘She’s just a stupid teenager that likes to rebel anyway she can,’ he would say. ‘She just likes to pee her pants to try to embarrass us when we are out.”

Ralph rubbed her fingers in his hand.

“Uncle Jorge was wrong, baby. I know that. I don’t care if you are nine years old, eleven years old, thirteen, or even nineteen. If something causes you that much embarrassment, of course you’re allowed to cry, sweetheart. And Uncle Ralph will be right here to pick you up and rock you and do whatever I can to calm you down and to try to let you know that it was not the end of the world. We all get embarrassed sometimes.”

The lady that took their order was later seen cleaning the tables, and she stopped by the two for a minute, and she leaned down by the little girl.

“I’m sorry I embarrassed you about your eyesight, sweetie. I should have asked. We do have menus that we can sometimes give customers so they can see better when they are too short to see the counter, and their vision isn’t good enough to see the menu overhead. I’m really sorry, little one.”

She looked up at Ralph.

“You are right, I should have asked,” she told Ralph. “It’s just I’ve had a hard day… and it’s no excuse, but someone put a bigger kid on the counter a little while before you came in, and that kid kept reaching over and trying to get into stuff, even trying to push the buttons on my register.”

Ralph frowned.

“My brother did a good job of teaching her not to touch something she shouldn’t,” he told the waitress. “But I was wrong, too. I should have asked before I just put her up there like that. I wasn’t thinking either because to tell the truth, she needs the comfort of seeing my face a lot right now.”

“Oh?”

“Yeah, she was nearly kidnapped, and so even when she’s not scared and pulling at me to pick her up so she can see my face and know she’s safe, I’m scared of letter her out of my sight.”

“That poor little girl! Well, anyway, will you take these gift certificates as an apology offering for my actions earlier?”

“Thank you. It’s not necessary though because I was wrong, too.”

“You are very kind sir, but I already paid for them. So please?”

Ralph nodded and took the certificates. “Thank you, ma’am.”

The lady then went off to start cleaning again.

“I feel bad for her,” Breanna told Uncle Ralph. “She was just trying to do her job, and it sounds like she’s had a really bad day.”

“Yeah, but don’t think too much about it, sweetheart. She will be okay.”

“Are you sure?”

“I’m sure, honey.”

After a meal at McDonalds, they soon found a motel, and Uncle Ralph took his little pretend niece into the bathroom, and stood her in front of the toilet.

“Why don’t you try to pee again, baby?”

Breanna looked down.

“I mean, I’ll leave the bathroom, and you can take all your clothes off, and sit on the potty and try to go, then in about ten minutes, that should be enough time for you to try, I’ll come back in, so you should have your shirt and your panties back on before I get back in, and I’ll start you a bath.”

Breanna frowned.

“You can stay,” she blushed. “You’re just being my uncle and getting me a bath ready and telling a nine year old girl that keeps wetting her pants to try to go in the potty. I don’t think it’s bad if you see me pee if you are treating me like I’m kind of a baby nine year old that keeps wetting my pants.”

He smiled at her.

“Are you sure, honey? I don’t want to hurt your feelings.”

“Like Uncle Jorge did?” she asked sourly. “He made me sit on the potty and to hold it for a long time when he punished me until I had an accident, and then he yelled at me some more, and then he pulled my clothes off of me anyway, and told me to sit in the tub while he started the water for it.”

Ralph shook his head. “I’m sorry he did that to you, honey.”

“I’m just saying,” Breanna frowned up at Ralph. “You’re nothing like that. You are caring and you take care of me, even if I accidentally wet my pants, and you even still give me privacy if I want it, unless it’s hard to do because of you wanting to protect me in public places.”

Ralph nodded.

“You treat me like I’m a real little kid who really acts like a baby, so I really don’t mind, Uncle Ralph.”

She started to undress.

“You can do what you want. You can start the bath or leave the bathroom, or whatever you want. I trust you, so even if you leave the bathroom, unless you yell at me and tell me to put on my clothes after I pee, I’m just going to wait for you naked anyway, cause that’s what a nine year old who trusts her family member who is trying to help her get a bath would do.”

Ralph shook his head. “Okay, honey, if you’re sure about that, then I’ll go ahead and start your bath.”

He turned his back to her to start working on the tub, and Breanna took off her clothes completely because of the swimsuit, and she sat on the toilet. She couldn’t pee because she had already gone not long before, but Uncle Ralph told her to try, and she did promise Uncle Ralph she would do whatever he told her to do without question.

Honestly, Breanna liked Ralph being in there while she tried to pee. If she were alone, she knew she’d start thinking about what Jorge would have done, but every time her mind started to compare what Ralph and Jorge would do, Ralph said something.

“Breanna, do you want to wear jeans or a skirt tomorrow?” he asked her.

“A skirt?”

“Breanna, you know it’s okay to wet the bed, don’t you? I won’t tell you to do it now that we are sort of off the main coyote trail, but if you did continue to wet your bed at night, even though we are safe, you’ll be more used to being a nine year old than just pretending to be one, honey.”

Breanna nodded.

“Breanna, sweetie? You don’t have to, but do you think Uncle Ralph is mean for kind of wanting you to wet the bed at night?”

“No. I’m relieved that you don’t mind, because that means if I leak in my panties, you won’t care.”

“Well, I will care, but not be mad. I will care if you are upset about it, and I’ll baby you even if you just leak a little in your panties, honey.”

“That’s what I mean.”

“Breanna, your bath is ready, sweetheart. Did you pee in the potty?”

“No sir. I’m sorry, I just don’t feel anything.”

“It’s okay, baby. Let’s just get you in the bath.”

“Uncle Ralph, can you stay with me while I get a bath?”

“Are you scared, honey?”

“Not exactly, but….”

“It’s okay, sweetheart. You can tell Uncle Ralph. I won’t be mad or laugh at you or in anyway, be mean on purpose, sweetheart.”

“It’s that when you’re talking to me, and you are in front of me, Uncle Jorge’s visions are not as strong. I keep remembering him when I’m sleeping or when I’m alone, and the visions keep making me feel….”

“…Bad about yourself?”

Breanna nodded.

“Sure, I’ll stay, baby. I knew that guy was having more influence on you than you tried to let on at first.”

Breanna nodded and smiled. “I wish you were really my uncle,” she told him. “I would have loved to live with you rather than Uncle Jorge and Aunt Carmen.”

“Well, they were not your real aunt or uncle either,” Ralph told her. “They bought you, illegally.”

“I know. I remember you said, they wanted to use me to get to America, but their coyote messed up, and they got stuck with me without any papers.”

“That’s right, baby.”

Ralph started to wash her back. Breanna had not said one way or another if he could do that, but she just accepted his help without thinking about it. He had washed her before, and he kept changing her pants, so it wasn’t like she wasn’t used to him doing stuff like this by now.

“You know,” Breanna said as she washed her chest and around her arms. “I wasn’t sure I wanted to be your eleven year old daughter at first. I didn’t like the idea of being a kid again, especially when you made me wet my pants on purpose, and you put me in diapers….”

There was a moment of silence.

“But after everything that has happened, and the way you take care of me, I would not mind being your nine year old daughter at all. I like being your nine year old niece all the time, and knowing you are always there to protect me and to help me when I get upset and crying.”

Ralph smiled and hugged her towards him.

“I’m glad you don’t mind being my little nine year old niece,” he told her. “Of all the girls I’ve helped get back to America, there is something about you, that I have never felt about the other girls before.”

“Not like you want to have sex or date me?” Breanna looked up at him.

“No, sweetheart. Like I want to take you home with me, and continue to treat you like my little baby daughter. I know I can’t because you have your real family waiting for you. But I have never felt like I wanted someone to be my little child before. Everyone else was just a job.”

Breanna smiled. “I’d let you take me home with you if my daddy wasn’t still looking for me.”

Ralph nodded. “Well, your family is looking for you, so we only have each other until I get you safely across the border. We will miss each other, probably, but you’ll be better off with your real family, and anyway, my dangerous job would get in the way of me taking proper care of you.”

Breanna nodded.

“Well, we have until you get me across the border, so you just tell me what you want your baby daughter to do, and I’ll try to be a good baby daughter for you until you get me there. You can be daddy instead of Uncle Ralph. I think I’d like that more, because of you always helping me with bathing and changing my wet pants, and stuff.”

Ralph smiled. “Are you sure?”

“Yeah. I will be your little baby girl. I will wet my pants all the time, cause you like taking care of me when I wet, don’t you?”

Ralph’s face blushed. “I like taking care of you, sweetheart, but I also like you being happy. I can’t imagine a little nine year old is happy always wetting her pants.”

“I keep having accidents anyway,” Breanna reminded him.

“Yes, baby. And I love helping you with your accidents. I just don’t want to make my little baby nine year old upset, feeling like she has to pee her pants on purpose. Nine year old kids don’t do that, and sweetie, you don’t really like wetting, do you?”

Breanna shook her head.

“Then you just wet if I tell you it’s too dangerous to let you go, or you have an accident. That’s all I really need, is permission to help you like your daddy. That will make me happy, baby.”

“Okay.”

“And you don’t mind playing with your dollies?”

“Actually, I kind of like playing with my dolly, but I… I wonder if I’m doing it right.”

“You’re doing just fine, honey. If the doll is comforting to you, or you are having fun with it, or you feel good about interacting with it, then you are playing with it the way a nine year old does.”

Breanna nodded.

He prodded her to stand up while he cleaned up her bottom, and she stood still a moment so he could wash it for her.

“I’m sorry, I should probably let you do this, but I’m worried you might not get it clean. You need more help as a nine year old, and with all these accidents, I’m not sure you’re really cleaning your bottom up that good.”

Breanna nodded. “I don’t mind, daddy.”

*016*2021-07-15 11:16

I'm sure this story has gotten a bit repetitive, so I'll close it with a few closing points so it's not just up in the air.

1. Ralph was legit. He honestly thought he was taking Breanna back to her real dad, and he has done what he has done, as a means to protect her.

2. Breanna is nearly wetting incontinent by the time they get her back to America, and she basically behaves like a nine year old.

3. Steve, the man that Ralph was to deliver her to, is not her real dad, but rather , her dad's younger brother. Seeing his brother's mental capacity going down hill since losing his daughter, Steve spared no expense to get hte girl back, but after it all came out, and she saw her dad, the damage was done. Her real dad is suffering from dementia.

4. Steven realizes he cannot handle a nineteen year old that is acting at best, as a thirteen year old, but mostly as a nine year old, now, due to the regression that Ralph caused in her, and seeing that she was very well bonded to Ralph, and seeing that Ralph cared about her, he signed a concent form giving Ralph full parental rights over a supposed 13 year problematic child.

5 Ralph has to take some time off as El Lobo to raise his 13 year old daughter, so he gets a job at a special needs school that he enrolls Breanna in as a thirteen year old with developmental issues.

That is basically the end of the story.

Thank you for reading, and I'll be moving on to other things, now.
