How the Scholarship Works

Author: Riverstone76

*001*2021-06-24 15:06

Chapter Two:

Once the little nineteen year old turned eleven was clean and comfortable, and Mr. Oswald was in the front seat again, her in a clean pair of jeans and a very childish pink cartoony shirt comfortably dry in the back seat, he started to look for a nice little restaurant for them to eat at.

As they started to drive around, to find a good place to eat, Mr. Oswald talked to her.

“What do you like to eat?”

“Um… whatever is fine.” She had come from a poor family, her aunt and uncle not having much more than a roof over their heads, so she really could not afford to be a picky eater. Maybe before she had turned twelve, she might have fussed about what was given her, she couldn’t remember, but after living with her impoverished aunt and uncle for over seven years, she learned to be grateful for whatever food she was given.

“Let’s stop there, if that’s okay with you then,” he pointed out a quaint little restaurant that wasn’t so high class you couldn’t take kids in, but was not a fast food place either.

She nodded when she looked up through the front windshield, scooting the edge of the back seat so she could see.

“That looks good… Mr. Os….”

“Honey, call me daddy for now.”

She blushed. “But, I’m not even wet,” she started to complain.

“Look at your clothes honey. Do you want everyone to think a nineteen year old picked out such a childish shirt?”

She shook her head no.

“Call me daddy, sweetheart. I promise, I’m doing this for you. If you have more wetting problems while we are on the road, it will be a lot easier to explain accidents done by an eleven year old child than an adult.”

She nodded. She hoped she wasn’t going to wet her pants the whole trip, but he had a point about there not being that many toilets available on the road, and he had already made it clear he wasn’t just going to pull over on the side of the road for her.

“Okay, daddy. It’s just… I’m not used to having a daddy that cares. My daddy abandoned me when I was about eleven because I think I was doing drugs then, and because I wet myself all the time.”

Mr. Oswald looked up at her through the rearview mirror.

“So, if he just abandoned you, how did you end up with your aunt and uncle?” he asked her.

“I’m not sure how they found me,” she looked down at her new shoes which were really, kind of childish, too. “I just know that shortly after my daddy disappeared, some people took me to Mexico, and then somehow found my aunt and uncle.”

“You were in Mexico for a while?”

“Not really. They took me to Mexico, but I’m not sure how long I was there before my aunt and uncle were found, and then I was taken on to Guatemala to stay with them.”

“Are you sure your daddy abandoned you?” he asked her.

“I… well, he disappeared, and some people that picked me up told me that he left me. They had picked me up from school, I think because my daddy didn’t come to get me that day.”

He frowned.

“Well, I’m really sorry that happened to you, baby. But if you trust me to be your daddy while we are on this trip, I will not abandon you whether you are pretending to be eleven or even if you are nineteen years old.”

“Okay.”

Mr. Oswald got out of the car once he parked it, and he went to her door, opened it, and helped her out. He then bent down, hugging her, he also felt the back of her pants.

“What are you doing, sir?”

“Just checking my little girl to make sure you weren’t too embarrassed to tell me you accidentally pottied your pants again.”

Breanna’s face burned a little bit. Her aunt must have convinced him that she still wets all the time, and doesn’t tell anyone that she’s wet. Well, she does do little accidents in her panties that she doesn’t think even her aunt knows about, but still, she figured her aunt told him it was worse because she was afraid that Breanna would disappoint them, and get sent back for wetting her pants at school.

Mr. Oswald helped her tuck her shirt into her jeans, just as if she was a child.

“It’s not proper to have half your shirt tucked in and the other half sticking out,” he told her showing her where she had not tucked in her shirt in places. “Just hold still for a minute, okay?”

He unzipped her jeans, moved his hand all the way around her shirt to force it down into her pants, and then he zipped her back up and buttoned her pants for her.

“There we are. All nice and dressed.”

He had had her twirl for him when they first left the last place though, so she thought she had tucked her shirt all the way in. She didn’t know how or why her shirt had come out in places, but since all he did was help her get it back in place, she decided to just drop it. He was just acting like a daddy, probably.

He then took her by the hand and walked with her up to the building where he let her hand go, and opened the door for her.

Before she knew it, she was sitting with her ‘daddy’ at a table, and he smiled at her.

“You know what’s missing?” he asked her.

“What?” she asked.

“I haven’t seen you pull out a phone or ipad even once to play around with it.”

“I’m nineteen years old,” the girl reminded him.

“Nineteen, eleven, whatever, it’s not natural for a young person to not be on her phone when her daddy or important person isn’t talking to her. Where is your phone, baby?”

“I don’t have one.”

“Well, we’re going to have to fix that. Even a nineteen year old who is on her own going to college needs a mobile phone for her safety. We’ll get you one as soon as I can.”

“But… you never said the school would provide something like that,” she said almost scared of taking such an expensive gift from this guy.

“The school assumes that all young people have a phone,” he told her. “It’ll be our little secret if I get you one.”

“But…, I can’t pay to keep it working,” she told him. “I’m only going to college because you said the scholarship will pay for everything I need.”

“And it will,” he reached a hand across the table to take her hands in his. “And you need a phone, so the school, even if I have to see to it personally, will pay to make sure you have a working phone. We will have to wait until we get to America to get it, but we will be getting you a phone.”

She blushed. She was sure that this had nothing to do with what the school would provide for her. She wondered what made this guy really care about whether she had one or not, and why he kept wanting her to call him daddy.

“Trust me, you need a phone for your safety, honey. Things can happen in the states to young women that are not prepared for danger.”

“I know,” she said looking down. “Things happen in Guatemala, too.”

He smiled. “Well, as long as I’m looking after you, I will make it as difficult as possible for anything bad to happen to you, sweetheart.”

“You keep calling me baby and sweetheart,” she looked up at him. “You’re not… you know, interested in me, are you?”

He shook his head and frowned. “Not like that, no, honey. I’m just treating you like a child so that it’s easier to protect you. I don’t mean anything by the little expressions of care that I’m using. If it’s really uncomfortable, I can try to stop doing it.”

“But you’re saying it to remind me to be eleven years old right now, and to treat me like a kid?” she asked.

“To protect you, honey. It’s more than keeping you from being embarrassed as an adult if you have an accident. It’s also that people are much less to try something if they think you are a child, whose father is right at hand watching you like a hawk.”

She nodded. That did make sense.

“I guess you can call me childish stuff if you want. It doesn’t really hurt me. I was just wondering is all.”

She looked up to see a waiter coming with the food that they had ordered.

“Daddy? Can I go potty?” Breanna asked him.

“Sure honey. It’s right over there, so you have two minutes, and then I’m going to come looking for you. Don’t make me come in there looking for you unless you’re in trouble, okay?”

She nodded and got up and went to the bathroom. She still didn’t need to pee, to tell the truth because she had just done it not long ago, but she wanted to go look in the mirror. Her hair was still a little bit wild, and the look clashed horribly with the nice new things she had on, so she tried to train her hair down with some water. After some time, she got her hair to flatten down, but when she was done, she had gotten her face and shirt a bit wet. Then, just in case, she did sit on the toilet, but as she suspected, nothing wanted to come out.

She got up and went to wash her hands, and then on her way out, just as Oswald had promised he would, he had started towards the bathroom door to check on her.

“There you are, sweetie! You spend all that time on your hair, honey?”

She smiled up at him. “It’s better, right?”

He smiled back down at her. “You could have told me that you wanted to fix your hair, baby.”

She shrugged.

“Did you at least sit on the potty and try?”

She nodded. “I tried.”

“Good girl,” and he put a hand on her back and directed her back to the table to eat.

“Next time, warn me you are wanting to look after your hair or something, baby. It takes girls a little bit to do things like that. I was getting a little worried about you.”

“I’m sorry. I will, daddy.”

They started eating.

He whispered to her. “Don’t be afraid to get a little on your shirt or of making a mess. Eleven year olds are not as messy as babies, but they do spill sometimes, okay?”

Breanna frowned. Was he hinting that she should dirty her shirt with food somehow? He seemed to be taking her acting eleven a bit more seriously than she imagined needed to protect her. Still, he had been in charge of picking up kids for this college, probably for a long time, so he likely knew better than she did, what needed to be done to get her safely to the college.

She decided the easiest way to get food on herself, was to have an accident, so she accidentally, on purpose, dropped her fork saying oops as the food on it splattered her shirt and her jeans. She hoped that was good enough, as she picked up her fork again, but he stopped her using it, and called for a waiter.

“I’m sorry, but my daughter had a little accident. Can she please get a clean fork?”

The waiter smiled and nodded.

Oswald smiled at Breanna. “You must be really tired from all the driving, baby.”

She nodded. She wasn’t sure if he thought it really was an accident, or if he knew she had done it on purpose to get food on her like he told her to do, but it didn’t matter. She had accomplished what he wanted.

“We’ll look for a place to rest for the rest of the evening after we are done eating, and then you can take a bath, okay, baby?”

She nodded. He really seemed to say honey and baby an awful lot, much more than needed to make people believe he was her daddy. She started to wonder if he really wanted to be her daddy, and wanted her to be a little kid. She sort of wouldn’t mind being a little kid and letting him be her full time daddy, somewhere in the back of her mind, but in her more alert half, she knew that that would make everything harder for what she had to do. He was a nice person as a daddy, never actually criticizing her for little accidents and always being concerned for her.

They finished eating, and then he went to her side of the table, and picked her up.

“You were spilling food all over yourself,” he whispered to her. “You must be really tired, so daddy is going to carry his little one out to the car and help you get tucked in, okay?”

She only responded by rolling so that she could hug him and hide her face in his shoulder. She didn’t want people to see her face as she was carried out like a baby, but she didn’t tell him no either. Truth was, she was tired, and if she was actually eleven years old, she imagined that this would have been a really nice feeling. Even now, it didn’t feel entirely terrible, but it was embarrassing.

He helped her into the back seat, laid her down, and then unbuttoned her pants.

She looked up at him, but before she could ask why, he was already answering her.

“It’s more comfortable to sleep with your pants not so tight and you’re in the car now, safe from anyone seeing you, so it’s not going to hurt to unbutton or unzip your pants so you can be comfortable as you fall asleep.”

She nodded and let him undo her pants for her, and then he smiled at her one last time before closing the door for her and then getting in the front to drive, looking for a motel.

Breanna laid back in the seat, just the way Mr. Oswald had put her, and she closed her eyes. Despite being stuck in the car for most of the day, and really not having much of anything exciting around her, she was giddy and her energy was on high throughout the trip. Maybe it was because she was riding with a stranger, going to a strange land. Maybe it was because she was accepted into college despite all her uncle’s and aunt’s words haunting her day in and day out that she was a waste of space and would never be able to get out on her own. Maybe it was because she was confused by Mr. Oswald’s expectations. He certainly had different thoughts about how to protect a young lady than her aunt and uncle did, especially when it came to treating her like an eleven year old.

She sighed.

She didn’t know when, but somehow, she had fallen asleep despite the fact that they couldn’t have been looking for a motel for very long. They were in the capitol city, after all.

The first moment she realized she had been asleep, and then prodded and lifted out of the seat, was when she was finally in his arms, and he was adjusting her to carry her into the motel room.

“You were, sleepy, weren’t you baby?” he asked her as he shuffled her into a comfortable position to carry her into the room.

She smiled up at him and nodded her still droopy eye face.

“Well, before you sleep, we need to get you into your night panties and your pajamas, okay?”

“I honestly don’t wet the bed anymore,” she tried to tell him.

“Well, whether you do or not, can you please do what I ask, at least this once? If you wake up dry in the morning, I won’t insist on you sleeping in them anymore, but they are still a good idea for you to wear in the car, okay?”

She nodded.

He took her right to the bathroom, and he set her down next to the toilet.

“I can leave the bathroom so you can try to pee,” he said to her. But her eyes were not only drooping, but her arms barely had any energy, and she just tried to lift her head up to look at him. She was exhausted.

“Do you want me to leave the bathroom?” he asked her.

“No need. I just wet myself not that long ago, and I don’t think I can go right now, sir.”

“Daddy,” he reminded her. “You can call me sir after we get you to the school, okay?”

She looked down. “Daddy. I already wet so I don’t need to for a while.”

“Alright, then, you need to take off your jeans and your panties so we can put your night panties on. Do you want to do that yourself?”

She nodded, but when he gave her the night panties, she just sat on the toilet, the lid down, and rested there, holding her night panties in her hands loosely.

He had left for a bit, and when he came back to see her almost tipping over, her eyes closed, and her jeans still up, he lightly shook her.

“Baby? You’re not dressed for bed yet,” he told her. “If you’re too tired to dress for bed, I’m not sure what to do. I don’t want you to wet all over the bed, baby.”

“I…,” she sighed. She had already told him she doesn’t wet the bed, but it seemed her aunt was more convincing. She looked up at him.

“You can do it,” she gave him permission. If he was telling the truth about treating her like his eleven year old daughter, then he really wouldn’t do anything but change her, right? And she was too tired to do it herself.

Her eyes closed.

Breanna didn’t stir after that until she felt her shoulder being prodded. She eventually started to feel the air around her, hear the insistent Mr. Oswald calling her, and to move her legs a bit in the bed… the… the bed? It… what the?

She sat up suddenly as her head felt funny. She couldn’t put her finger on what her brain was trying to tell her, but she had sort of a déjà vu feeling, as though something awful had happened, and she looked at the man crouched down by the head of the bed.

“There we are,” he said to her. “Princess Breanna has finally joined the land of the living.”

She had no time for his childish nickname playing. Something was amiss, and she had to figure out what it was. She squirmed her legs, and something was definitely not right in the bed.

Shivering with anticipated shame, the girl reached her hands down the blankets and towards her pajama bottoms. She felt the top of her stomach, and then lower and lower until she found her pelvis. Lower, and then her face blushed red, a heat rising from her ears, and water ran from somewhere inside her head towards her eye sockets.

Her hand frantically felt around the bed next to her, willing for this to be just her imagination, but now, a cool dampness in the sheets had confirmed that despite having on the toddler-like panty, she had wet enough to get the bed soaked. She started to sniffle, expecting him to pull back the blankets and then start scolding her at the very least.

“What is it,” Mr. Oswald asked her still leaving her blankets covering her as though giving her the option of doing it on her own.

She turned her red burning face away from him and muttered. “I peed my pants….”

“What was that?” she had obviously said it too low for him to make out.

“I wet the bed,” she tried to say though her whiny voice that was constricting the words of shame so that she sounded raspy.

“Baby, it’s okay if you had a nightmare,” he had not heard her properly. “I’m here, and you’re fine now, sweetie.”

She shivered and knowing she still couldn’t get her voice to work right, she just pulled down the blanket and showed him.

He saw her body shaking, and her face burning, and her hands tried to cover her wet pants front, but there was no way they could be big enough to keep him seeing the massive lake around her.

“Don’t tell me you are shaking and scared just because you’ve wet yourself,” he whispered to her.

She nodded, her finger coming up from her leg and moving towards her mouth, but he stopped her hand when he saw it going towards her face. He caught her hand, and he helped her sit up and turned her so her legs were dangling over the edge of the bed.

“Your aunt told me that this happens, sweetheart. And I told you, it’s okay….”

“You think I lied….”

“No, baby, I think you were too embarrassed and hoped you wouldn’t wet because what nineteen year old wants someone to think they still wet the bed, but it’s okay, baby. Wetting in your sleep isn’t the end of all.”

“How come you’re not yelling at me and trying to spank me?”

“For doing something I was already warned you’d likely do?” he asked her. “Why would I spank you or yell at you when I knew this was going to happen? It’s not your fault. You didn’t want to do this, right?”

She shivered deeply.

“Of course you didn’t,” he answered for her. Then he picked her up and carried her towards the bathroom.

“Until we get to the college, you are going to be treated just like an eleven year old,” he whispered to her. “That has been the plan all along, whether you pee your pants or not. You tell everyone who asks you, that you are eleven, sweetie, and there will be no problems.”

She nodded.

She thought he’d start yelling and that being eleven, enforced on her would be her punishment for wetting, but he didn’t raise his voice. He didn’t tell her that she was stupid, and he didn’t tell her that she acted like a baby. Instead, he just carried her to the bathroom, and put her down next to the toilet.

“Sit on the toilet, honey.”

“But, you’re in here….”

“You don’t have to pull down your pants,” he told her. “You’re already wet, sweetie. I’m just going to run you a bath while you try to pee the rest into the toilet.”

“Through my pajamas?”

“Your pajamas are already wet, aren’t they?”

She nodded.

“Just try to pee for daddy. No one is going to punish you or scold you just because you have a night time problem, sweetheart.”

She sighed. She wanted to tell him that she hadn’t wet in two years, but she knew that at the moment, there was no way to make him believe that. She had just peed herself in her sleep, and her aunt had convinced him to expect it. She sat on the toilet like he told her, with her pants still up, and she looked up at him.

“Just… just pee?” she mumbled at him, her face red and still hot.

“Please, sweetie. I want to get you a bath, and get you changed for the day so we can go get some breakfast.”

She nodded.

After a couple of little pushes, she felt her waters spray into her panties before soaking into the already wet pajamas and then she heard a very faint tinkle into the toilet water. It wasn’t much because she had already done the main event in her sleep.

When he was done getting the tub full enough, she had already peed, and she looked up at him as he came over to her.

“Did you pee?”

“A little bit. I’m sorry. I already did most of it in the bed.”

She more mumbled than anything, but he caught the jest.

“I know, baby. I just didn’t want a leak before we even started the day. I want you to be comfortable and dry when we start out, even if you are going to end up wet later.”

She nodded.

“How come you’re not telling me I’m a bad girl?” she asked him as he picked her up from the toilet and set her next to the tub.

“Because, you’re not a bad girl,” he told her. “You’ve been very obedient so far and done everything daddy has told you to do.”

She looked down.

“But…, I wet like a baby.”

“No. You wet like a little girl that has trouble staying dry at night, and that’s okay. For one, it makes our story about you being eleven more believable, and for two, if your body had troubles that you can’t control, that doesn’t have anything to do with you trying to behave, sweetheart.”

She looked up at him.

“Now, eleven or nineteen, I don’t think you really want me to undress you again for a bath, do you?”

“Again?” she asked looking up at him.

“Don’t you remember last night? You were really tired, and I tried to get you to do it yourself, but you couldn’t, so you gave me permission to change you. Remember?”

“Oh,” she blushed. It was true. She remembered that when he left her alone, she almost fell asleep on the toilet, and now, she was wearing the babyish made for accident undies, though by the mess she made in the bed, if was obvious they were not made to keep in a full accident. She also had her pajamas on, and not the shirt or jeans from the night before.

She nodded. “I don’t need you to do it,” she said not wanting to talk about the fact she had let him treat her like a child the night before.

When she was alone enough to take off her clothes, she did notice that he had not taken off her undershirt nor her bra. He had not taken off anything that he had not asked her about, and she knew he wanted her to wear the thicker panties. He probably thought she’d just wet a little bit, and then would wake up and run to the potty. That’s what should have happened, to tell the truth. She didn’t understand why she had completely wet herself. This isn’t supposed to happen anymore.

The little girl put her wet things together, and then got into the tub and relaxed a moment before starting to wash herself. She looked back over at the wet pajamas as she started to soap up a washcloth, her head returning to when she was around sixteen years old.

“What in the world, Breana? Are you a young girl or a dog?” she could hear her uncle saying. “Are you three years old?” he aunt would ask. “At least wear a diaper to bed if you’re going to act like a little baby!”

Then she remembered being in eighth grade again.

“Damn it, girl! Are you just trying to buy sympathy or something? There is no excuse for you to miss doing your homework, and no, wetting your pants is not going to distract me from the idea that your teacher called me! I don’t care right now about how dirty you want to be! You are going to sit there, in your peed in chair, and finish this homework! You must be really stupid if you think you can use your little peeing habits to get me to let you up from that table! You are a stupid, bad, little brat!”

“Please, aunty, I’ll be right back,” she thought she had said, but then again, back talking was dangerous, and it is just as likely she had just imagined asking her aunt rather than coming out so boldly, but there she sat, trying to work, and then little by little, peeing in her clothes and making a puddle in her seat.

“Breanna!” her uncle would scold her. “Did you just sit there and pee your pants again?”

“Yes, sir,” she would have to answer meekly or risk even worse trouble.

“Are you trying to get a spanking today or something?”

Tears would well in her eyes.

She sighed and got out of the bath. Being alone with her thoughts, after having wet the bed, gave her no peace at all. Her aunt and uncle were just trying to raise her right and prepare her for the world ahead when she would leave, but sometimes, it felt so unfair, the way she was spanked and corrected, when she tried so hard to do what they wanted. It was like she could never really win.

The girl dried herself off, and then wrapped a towel around her carefully covering her chest and her privates.

“Why are you walking through the house or motel naked?” she could imagine her uncle saying. “You’re lucky I’m your uncle! Some other men might take that as an invitation….”

Breanna looked at the bathroom door that led out, where her clothes were, and she looked down at the pile of her wet soiled things. Was she supposed to put them back on so she could go out there and get some clothes? Surely, he would scold her or even do something her uncle had warned her against could happening if she went out there in just a towel….

There was a sudden knock at the door making her jump.

“Breanna? Are you okay?” a voice came through the door.

“Yes sir, but I didn’t bring any clean clothes in with me. What do I do?”

“Wait there, honey. I’ll bring them to you.”

She nodded. Though he couldn’t see through the door, or at least she didn’t think he could, he went off to get her stuff, she supposed and came back and knocked again.

“I’m opening the door to hand you the stuff. I’m not looking, so you’ll have to take it from my fumbling hands because I don’t want to invade your privacy.”

She was glad he was so nice about it, and she gladly took the things from him, that he held out as he kept his head turned to the main room where the television was.

Once back in the bathroom, she looked over the things he had given her.

Moana’s face on the seat of the ‘toddler’ panties he had given her so that she could pee a little bit, and still be able to go to the toilet without anyone seeing any wetness on her butt, as long as it wasn’t a full on accident. An undershirt that was teal color, a purple shirt with elmo on the front, and a yellow skirt with folds of cloth in it, so that it looked fancy and cute.

She smiled at the outfit. She would definitely look like a little kid with this stuff on, but that’s what he wanted her to be. It was perfect for what he kept telling her was the best way to for her to behave so that he could protect her.

She got herself dressed, and then came out to the main room, and looked down at the floor.

“Sir?”

“Daddy?” he corrected her.

“Yeah, um, daddy? Can you fix my hair?”

He smiled and got up and took her to the bathroom where he wet a comb and then started to work her hair into a manageable medium where he then twisted braids behind each of her ears. She didn’t know where or when he had picked up the ribbons, but at the bottom of each of the braids, he had tied little blue bows in her hair. It was adorable, and really completed the look of a child.

“So, why don’t you sit on the toilet,” he asked her. “ Just in case, and see if anything comes out, and then we’ll go find someplace to go for breakfast?”

She smiled and nodded.

*003*2021-06-26 03:03

Sorry, I had started to put up chapter three, but thinking about it, I think I posted it too soon. I need to really think about the direction, and I didn't edit it that well yet. Again, sorry, will try to get chapter three up soon.

*004*2021-06-26 03:45

{{15 hours ago, Babywittleone said:

This story is amazing so far i hope u keep writing it

}}

I'm glad people really enjoying it. I will try to rewrite chapter three and get it up soon. I almost posted it, but realized it wasn't quite right.

