Hanekawa and the Neko - A Monogatari Fanfiction

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2022-07-18 05:58

This one's a commission by @Subaru

. It's very similar to another Hanekawa story I wrote, where Hanekawa and Black Hanekawa argue and play off each other as Hanekawa's forced to hold it. Please enjoy!

Hanekawa and the Neko

Hanekawa bounded down the train platform, urgently trying to make it before the doors closed and it pulled out of the station. She looked down and checked the time on her phone. The train would leave any second now. She sped up right towards the end as she saw the doors start to close, and managed to slip in, taking care not to barrel into the crowd of people packed into the car, and let out a heavy sigh.

Hanekawa never expected hunting down Oshino Meme would be easy, but if she had said she expected it to be this hard to find him, she might’ve asked for some help on her journey. On the other hand, having someone else with her would defeat the purpose of this trip. This was something she was doing, for herself, but also for Araragi. But the fact that she was doing it by herself, and for herself, was the most important part to her.

Right now, of course, she found herself on a bit of a wild goose chase, visiting various places without much idea of where to start looking. She had some inclinations, but mostly she was just traveling the world aimlessly. Ironically, this was what she said she had intended to do, to hide her true intentions of finding Oshino Meme. However, now she found herself more-or-less actually doing it.

She felt idle.

“Relax, you’re too tense all the time.”

Her other self, or rather, the oddity that had embedded itself within her and become an embodiment of her stress, spoke up.

The playful oddity appeared in Hanekawa’s mind, flaunting around in her body. She was lounging around, wearing nothing but Hanekawa’s black lingerie. She was lying on her back, apparently on something soft as her body was sinking into it slightly, but with the abstract nature of her mind’s eye, Hanekawa couldn’t tell if it was a futon or a sofa or something else.

This is how Black Hanekawa would appear when Hanekawa was particularly stressed, and lately, Hanekawa was particularly stressed. Her mission had taken her around the world, and today she found herself back in Japan, following a lead given to her by a half-vampire she met in Europe.

She had to take two trains out to a small town not unlike home. However, unlike home, her destination was unfamiliar and out of the way. Not to mention she had to get there before sundown, because she didn’t have a place to stay unless she made it to the one local inn on time before it closed for the night. Hence why she had rushed to catch the train, and why she was stressed.

“Seriously,” Black Hanekawa shook her head, “You’ve been following what leads you can, but there’s nothing you can do if you don’t know where that old man is. Rather than stressing out all the time, at least relax what time you can. Enjoy the fact that you’re seeing the world.”

There was sense in what Black Hanekawa was saying, but Hanekawa herself felt a certain amount of pressure to complete this mission.

I have to find Oshino, and the sooner I do that, the better. There’s something happening back home, and I want to help Araragi.

“Yeah yeah, but to help Araragi, you have to make sure to take care of yourself, first. You’ve been running around all morning, your legs are sore, yet you haven’t even noticed. And you’re dehydrated.”

Hanekawa swallowed and realized her mouth was dry. Her other self was right. Hanekawa reached into the backpack she had slung over her shoulder and grabbed a water bottle before chugging down the whole thing quickly.

Her legs were also sore, but with how packed the train was, she wouldn’t be able to do anything about that for now. She shifted her weight onto one leg and reached for one of the grab handles overhead. She let out another sigh and stared out the window, hoping that now she had taken care of her bodily needs, Black Hanekawa would be content to fall silent.

About ten minutes later, however, and that turned out not to be the case. Or rather, Hanekawa had not attended to all her bodily needs, so the sawarineko felt the need to speak up again.

“Hey, you’ve gotta pee.”

Once again, it was something that Hanekawa hadn’t noticed. She had been so busy that morning that it had entirely slipped her mind, and in her mad dash to make it to the train on time, she had blown straight past the restrooms without a second thought. Now, however, she was acutely aware of a noticeable pressure building in her abdomen. She shifted her weight and rubbed her thighs together as she checked her phone again. This train ride was pretty long, at about 45 minutes, and the window of time before she had to board the next train was narrow.

“I can’t believe you. You do realize I feel what you feel, right? When you have to pee, I have to pee.”

Sorry. I’ll get to the bathroom as soon as I can.

“You say that, but we both know this is going to be a long train ride.”

Black Hanekawa crossed her legs uncomfortably and openly grabbed herself, though it was clear she was exaggerating her motions in protest at Hanekawa’s disregard of her own needs. Hanekawa merely ignored her and tried to push the building feeling of fullness to the back of her mind. For what it was worth, her other self also seemed to settle down, laying back and trying to relax, even as she occasionally rubbed her thighs together and shifted around.

Hanekawa found herself gazing out the window of the train car. They were passing through an area where the city gave way to suburbia, and so the town around her reminded her much of home. She found her mind wandering to Araragi, and Senjougahara, and the others she had come to know and care for. She’d be lying if she didn’t miss them from time to time, but she ultimately knew this trip was for them.

For Araragi.

Hanekawa shook her head. She wasn’t about to go down that path. Her feelings for Araragi were something she considered a settled matter. That was to say that, while she wouldn’t lie and pretend that her lingering feelings had vanished, it was something she would no longer trouble herself with.

Even if she had wanted to let her mind wander to that topic, her thoughts were rudely interrupted by her bladder. It sent a nagging wave of its fullness through Hanekawa’s body, and she found herself pressing her thighs together as she leaned forwards. It was only a small wave, and it passed relatively quickly, but it was an uncomfortable reminder of her full bladder.

Black Hanekawa, on the other hand, was especially bothered, reaching down to grab herself with both hands as she shuffled uncomfortably while lying down. She glared at Hanekawa, pouting as she played up her desperation

“This is all your fault! How can you let yourself be this uncomfortable?”

I didn’t notice before boarding the train. And now I don’t have anywhere to go, so I’ll just have to hold it until we arrive at our destination.

“You’re the worst. That’s so long from now.”

Hanekawa didn’t need the reminder. She shuffled in place uncomfortably as she gauged the fullness of her bladder. Her need was already quite urgent, and they weren’t even halfway through the train ride. Hanekawa was confident she could make it, but she knew that she’d be pretty desperate by the end.

Sorry. I’ll take better care of it from now on.

Black Hanekawa nodded begrudgingly and rolled over onto her side, her hands still jammed between her legs as she rubbed them together.

Halfway through the train ride, and it was worse than Hanekawa thought. Perhaps it was because of that bottle of water she chugged right after getting on, but her bladder was filling alarmingly quickly. Haneka shuffled back and forth, trying not to make too much of a fuss with how closely packed into the train car everyone was. She squeezed her thighs together as she played with the hem of her skirt, both as a distraction, and to fight the urge to openly grab herself. Hanekawa already expected to be desperate by the time the train reached their destination, but she was bordering on desperate already, and they still had 20 minutes left on the train ride.

Naturally, Black Hanekawa wasn’t happy about this at all. She was doing her best still trying to lounge, but in her comfy position on whatever she was laying on, she looked every part someone who had woken up with a full bladder, and desperately didn’t want to get out of bed despite needing to pee. She was tossing and turning, with her legs shifting restlessly. One hand was rubbing her abdomen in discomfort, and the other was jammed firmly against her crotch.

“Hey, are we even going to make it at this rate?”

Of course.

Hanekawa’s reply came quickly, and it was clear she wasn’t fully confident of that herself. Even if she was alone, she wouldn’t be acting half as desperate as her other self, but the fact was her bladder was getting urgently full. She glanced out the window in an attempt to distract herself from her needs, but the rolling rice fields and rural surroundings all blended together, and she couldn’t find anything interesting to latch onto.

Not too long after, Hanekawa was struck with a wave of desperation, and she dipped her kness as she clamped her legs together tightly. The hand grabbing the handle overhead squeezed as she rubbed her abdomen with her other. She bit her lip, counting down the seconds until the wave passed. Even when it subsided, her need to pee was stuck at the forefront of her mind, and if it weren’t for the fact that she was in a crowded car surrounded by others, she’d be restlessly shuffling back and forth by now.

She expected the sawarineko to speak up, but Black Hanekawa was shuffling desperately, with her hands clamped between her legs. Even after she too fought back the wave, she merely focused on holding it.

The next 10 minutes seemed to drag on, with Hanekawa becoming more and more aware of her desperation. She hadn’t been hit with another wave, but she could feel her bladder getting more and more full by the minute. She couldn’t stop herself from shuffling back and forth, crossing and uncrossing her legs urgently as she desperately gazed out the window. She wasn’t even focusing on anything anymore, instead she was absentmindedly waiting for the station, and relief, to roll into view.

Suddenly, a strong wave struck Hanekawa, and she gasped as her knees buckled. She squeezed her thighs together as her bladder squeezed against her. In her mind’s eye, Black Hanekawa wasn’t doing much better. She had shot up, no longer able to keep laying down, and was instead kneeling as she wriggled around desperately. She doubled over and jammed the heel of her foot against her crotch to keep the flood contained.

“We’re seriously going to leak!”

Hanekawa wanted to deny it, but she could feel herself begin to lose control against the wave and was forced to subtly slip a hand down between her legs. She desperately grabbed herself as she clamped her thighs together, begging for the wave to subside.

It finally did, and Hanekawa immediately pulled her hand away from her crotch. She glanced around red-faced, hoping no one had noticed her. Luckily for her, it seemed like no one had.

“I have to peeee!” Black Hanekawa whined, squirming around more openly. Hanekawa herself only wished she could resort to that, but it would draw the attention of everyone nearby. Instead, Hanekawa stood stark still, trying to control her breathing and keeping her muscles tense.

By the time the train rolled into the station, Hanekawa was truly desperate. She had managed to stay dry, but the doors couldn’t open fast enough. The second she was off the train, she danced in place and her eyes darted around, looking for any bathrooms. Unfortunately, this was a much more rural train stop, and there didn’t appear to be anywhere for her to go.

“Come on, we need to find somewhere, fast!” Black Hanekawa urged.

Before we do, I want to know how much time we have, we have to make the next train.

Hanekawa ignored both her own bladder and Black Hanekawa’s protests as she shuffled her way over to the ticket kiosk. She purchased a ticket to the town where she hoped to find a lead on Oshino, and quickly checked when the train would be arriving.

The good news is that she did have some time, but the bad news was it wasn’t long. She glanced around again for any restroom signs, but once again it seemed there wasn’t any in sight, at least on the train platform.

“We better find something fast, we really gotta go!”

As Black Hanekawa squirmed and groaned desperately, Hanekawa resisted the urge to do the same. With awkward steps, she quickly made her way through the small station, desperately searching for any signs of a bathroom. Out of the corner of her eye she spotted one near the entrance, but as though fate itself were playing a cruel trick on her, the bathrooms were being cleaned.

What bad luck.

“You’ve gotta be kidding me, we’ve been holding it for so long!”

Knowing her only hope was finding somewhere with a public restroom close by to the station, Hanekawa rushed down the street. The only thing keeping her from breaking out into a full-on run were the shocks of each step sending uncomfortable vibrations straight through her full bladder. Black Hanekawa squirmed and squeaked as she clamped her thighs together, but her bladder was Hanekawa’s, and she’d get no relief holding herself if Hanekawa outwardly refused to do so.

Hanekawa spotted a convenience store about a block away from the station, and her heart soared. She glanced down at her watch, making sure she had enough time, and hurried down the street towards it. She entered, the door chiming loudly, and she initially made a beeline for the bathrooms towards the back. Unfortunately, however, she caught sight of a rather prominent sign.

Restrooms are for paying customers only.

“What kind of rule is that?” Black Hanekawa complained.

Hanekawa wouldn’t speak up vocally, but she was equally as upset, if only because buying something just to use the bathroom would eat up more time. She checked her watch anxiously again and quickly grabbed a bottle of tea before getting into line at the front counter.

Unfortunately, there were more than a few people ahead of her, and as the minutes ticked down and the line moved slowly, Hanekawa kept glancing between the signs to the restroom, her watch, and the line in front of her.

We don’t have time, we have to get back to the station.

“Are you crazy? We’re bursting here. There’s no way we’re going to make it through another train ride.”

If we miss this train, we won’t make it to the next town before the inn’s closed.

“Yeah, but if we catch the next train, we’ll wet ourselves before we get to the next restroom.”

Hanekawa knew her other self was right. She was desperate, and she didn’t think she’d stay dry through another 30 minute train ride. If this were simply a trip for her sake, Hanekawa would have no problems staying here for the night and waiting to catch an earlier train tomorrow to give her more time to set up accommodations at her destination. However, she was chasing down quite the elusive man in Oshino Meme. Worse still, her information was already pretty out of date, as it had taken her a few days to even return to Japan. Every day she delayed was another chance for Oshino to slip through her grasp.

Her bladder was screaming at her in protest. She had to pee bad enough as it was, and she couldn’t imagine how desperate she’d be even if she did manage to hold it for the entire second train ride. But she was doing this for her, and for Araragi.

We have no other choice.

“I don’t want to have to hold it anymore! Let me take over,” Hanekawa urged, “When I was possessing your body before, there were plenty of times I had to dip behind a bush and let it out. I’m not so embarrassed that I won’t do it here.”

There’s no way I’m letting you do that.

“There’s no way we’re going to make it another 30 minutes!”

Hanekawa ignored the sawarineko and put down the drink she was going to purchase. She started heading back to the station, glancing down each side of the street and desperately hoping that she’d spot another restroom somewhere along the way. Unfortunately, luck really wasn’t on Hanekawa’s side today, and she found herself heading back to the station with her bladder even more full than when she had left.

“I’m not kidding, this is a really bad idea! Let’s at least see if we can get into the station restrooms.”

Hanekawa normally wasn’t the kind of girl who would ignore that kind of sign, but she was desperate. She hobbled over to the restroom doors and tried, hoping they would be unlocked. Unfortunately, the door didn’t budge, and Hanekawa’s last chance at relief was crushed right before her eyes.

To make matters worse, as she was lamenting the closed bathroom, she could hear the sounds of the next train pulling into the station. She needed to be on that train. Her full bladder spasmed in protest and Hanekawa briefly grabbed herself to maintain control. She didn’t know how she was going to make it, only that she had to.

She shuffled over and fed her ticket into the turnstile before entering the nearest train car. It was a small blessing that the train was way less crowded than hers had been. She was able to hobble over to a seat on the bench, towards the back of the car, and sit down, rubbing her knees together desperately.

“This is a bad idea. This is a really bad idea.” Black Hanekawa continued to protest, dancing in place, “You can feel how desperate we are. We’re gonna leak.”

You constantly saying that isn’t helping, Hanekawa shot back. She tried to focus on holding it, squeezing her legs together. She took off her bag and placed it over her lap so she could more covertly hold herself. She slipped her hand between her legs and pressed firmly against her strained pee hole.

Now that she was sitting down, Hanekawa felt a little more confident about holding it. She was still bursting, but she was now able to hold herself without being noticed, and she wasn’t having to stand in a packed train car.

Her confidence was rather short-lived, however. As she felt the train lurch forwards, her bladder sent another spasm shooting through her body. She squeezed and clamped down to contain the flood, but the pressure peaked and overcame her efforts to hold it. A few drops leaked out and soaked into her panties.

Black Hanekawa moaned as she also felt herself leak, despite having both hands jammed right up against her crotch. The small leak soaked into her black panties and she grit her teeth, glaring at Hanekawa for putting the both of them through this desperate ordeal.

After regaining control, Hanekawa squeezed her eyes shut, trying to focus all her effort and energy on holding it. There was no point anymore in trying to ignore her swollen bladder. As if she wasn’t desperate enough, every bump, every turn, and every jostle of the train sent urgent waves shooting through her abdomen. She could barely keep her legs still as she rubbed the back of her calf with her other foot, trying to distract herself from the intense pressure building inside of her.

Black Hanekawa wasn’t faring any better. She was back to lying down, with her legs curled up as she pressed hard against her crotch with both hands. She was moaning and whimpering in how desperate she felt, with her bladder sitting like a rock in her abdomen.

“If it were up to me, we’d just get it over with and wet ourselves right here. It’s not like we’re going to make it.”

There’s no way I’m doing that.

Black Hanekawa already knew she’d be instantly shot down, but she groaned in desperation all the same as she squirmed and wriggled in place.

Hanekawa tried to make it as long as possible before checking her phone for the time. She knew it wouldn’t make the train go any faster. All it would do is hammer in just how much longer she needed to hold it. Considering she was already bursting, that was the last thing she wanted to think about.

Unfortunately, as wave after wave of desperation shot through her, she couldn’t help herself. She checked her phone, hoping they were at least halfway through the trip. Her heart dropped when she realized it had barely been 5 minutes. It felt like much longer.

“We’re really not going to make it!” Black Hanekawa protested.

Hanekawa ignored her and tried to think about anything to distract herself. She glanced around the train car. It wasn’t crowded, but there were quite a few others on the train around her. A man was reading a book in the corner. Another couple slept, one with her head on her partner’s shoulder. A family sat on a bench together, the mother constantly having to reign in her bored kids, who wanted nothing more than to run around the rest of the crowd. A group of high-school aged students were sitting and gossiping in the seats across from her, and an older couple were arguing quietly about something or other. A girl that was vaguely reminiscent of Kanbaru sat on the far end of the train car, listening to music without a care in the world.

Hanekawa’s people-watching was abruptly cut short when she was hit with another strong wave of desperation. She bit her lip and grabbed herself tightly beneath her bag, knocking her knees together as she bounced her legs. The intense pressure shot like a bolt of lightning through her abdomen, and even as she tried to clench her muscles harder, she could feel another leak coming on.

Black Hanekawa felt it too, desperately squirming as she once more buried her heel against her crotch. However, neither of their efforts were successful in stopping it. Hanekawa felt a hot spurt escape, soaking into her panties. She quickly moved her hand so she wasn’t pressing the front of her skirt against the damp fabric before reaching back underneath and jamming her fingers right up against her pee hole.

She panted as she leaned forwards, fighting against the wave, trying to regain control. She could see another dribble leak out into Black Hanekawa’s panties as she felt herself leak again. Luckily, however, that was the worst of it, and she was able to stem the flow until the intense pressure let up slightly.

“That was a proper leak, our panties are wet,” Black Hanekawa pointed out, “How are we supposed to hold it for another 20 minutes?”

We don’t have another choice, I’m not going to wet myself in front of all these people!

Hanekawa said that, but now she was getting less and less sure. She had barely managed to wrest control back from her bladder before, and she wasn’t sure how many more of those leaks she could fight off before she lost it. Not to mention her panties were pretty damp now. Sooner or later her pee would begin soaking through them and into her skirt.

Hanekawa managed to hold on for another 5 minutes before her desperation once again struck her hard. It came suddenly, like an intense pressure that she couldn’t alleviate no matter how much she squirmed in her seat. Black Hanekawa let out a whimper and shot up, dancing in place desperately in her mind’s eye.

Hanekawa squeezed her thighs together and drew in strained breaths through clenched teeth. She wanted to make sure she wouldn’t leak again. She desperately pleaded for the wave to pass before her tired muscles gave way, but the more she hoped, the longer the wave seemed to last.

“We’re gonna wet ourselves!” Black Hanekawa groaned.

No, no… please… I gotta hold it. We’re halfway there… just fifteen more minutes!

Even as Hanekawa said it, the idea of holding it for that long seemed more than daunting. It seemed impossible. She squeezed and twisted her legs as she desperately fought back against the wave, and thankfully she felt it subside.

Just then, however, the train rolled over a particularly rough spot on the track, and jostled with a loud clunk. The vibrations went straight into Hanekawa’s overfilled bladder, and even as clenched and grasped at her crotch, she could feel herself let out another spurt into her panties.

Black Hanekawa let out a gasp as the hot spurt dripped out between her fingers, leaving her panties fully soaked. Hanekawa squeezed even tighter and managed to prevent any more from leaking out, but it was clear she was fighting a losing battle.

She covertly moved the fabric of her skirt out from under her, so she was still concealed, but now her bare panties were pressed into the seat below. If she leaked any more like this, at least she wouldn’t get her skirt wet.

Fifteen more minutes… please let me hold it for fifteen more minutes!

“We can’t hold it anymore,” Black Hanekawa pointed out. Her motions certainly spoke to that fact. She was squirming, but rather than the overt desperate dance she had been doing before, she was almost shaking as she clamped her legs together, with both hands jammed firmly between her thighs.

What am I supposed to do, wet myself?

“You have that empty water bottle in your bag, do you think we can… ah!”

Black Hanekawa’s suggestion was cut off when the train went over another bump. It had caught Hanekawa completely off guard, and she hadn’t been prepared for it. She let out another, longer leak, and it took her a moment to fully regain control. She was grateful she had thought to move her skirt out of the way first, because she felt her pee pool against the seat of the train in a small puddle.

Black Hanekawa had suffered the same leak, the stream spurting out through her fingers and running down her bare legs in rivulettes.

“The water bottle… it’s the only way we’re making it through this without wetting ourselves.”

I… I can’t do that!

Hanekawa felt another strong wave of pressure wash over her, and she immediately rethought it. She doubted she’d get away with openly peeing into a water bottle on a train car in plain view of everyone, but if she managed to hide it with her bag, could she get away with it?

She shook her head. There was no way she could bring herself to try, and if anyone caught her, she’d die of embarrassment. She fought back the wave of pressure, managing not to leak this time, and once again reaffirmed her decision.

No, it’s too risky and embarrassing. I can’t.

“But we really can’t hold it anymore, the pressure’s intense, ah, I want to do it, I want to pee. Right here!”

Black Hanekawa removed her hands from her crotch and spread her legs, as though fully prepared to wet herself right then and there. However, nothing happened. She wriggled and groaned in a mixture of desperation and frustration.

“Of course I can’t. This is just your body, after all. I can’t pee unless you do.”

S-sorry. Hang in there.

The minutes on the train ticked by slowly, and Hanekawa was losing control. She let out a couple more leaks, each one harder to stop than the last. All the while, Black Hanekawa continued to moan and groan all the while.

As each minute passed by, Hanekawa’s mind wandered back to the water bottle in her backpack. The idea was becoming more and more tempting. Hanekawa could see herself, slipping the water bottle underneath her skirt, pressing it against her pee hole, and finally letting loose.

At the same time, Hanekawa could also see her making a mess even trying to get it into the bottle, or getting caught from the sound or smell, or worse, losing grip on the water bottle and letting her hot pee spill out all over the floor. She doubted she’d be able to get away with it.

Hanekawa once again shook her head, trying to push the idea of the water bottle to the back of her mind. The more she thought about it, the worse she was making it, and her bladder was squeezing and screaming at her in protest at the very thought of getting to pee. Black Hanekawa, as well, was moaning and whimpering as her legs shook and she kept her hands clamped down against her crotch. Due to all of the leaks, her panties were soaked, and there were streams of pee running down her legs. Here was also a wet spot beneath her, that grew every time Hanekawa lost control of her bladder.

Hanekawa looked up and realized they were finally pulling into the town that was her destination. She could see the station coming up. She had no idea how, but she had made it, at least partially.

Eager to bolt out the train doors as soon as they opened, Hanekawa got up carefully, taking care not to move too quickly lest she slosh around the contents of her overfilled bladder. Even with her care, standing up was awful, and she felt her waistband dig uncomfortably into her abdomen. She stopped and crossed her legs, not caring if others noticed her desperate movements, before heading to the nearest train door and standing there, wriggling in place.

As they pulled into the station, Hanekawa felt herself let out another leak, which soaked straight through her saturated panties and spattered out onto the floor. She clamped down and stemmed the flow before she let anymore out, but her face burned at the idea of anyone noticing. She looked down and was grateful it was only a few small drops.

Black Hanekawa was also in a standing position, unable to stay seated or to sit still, she had also let out the leak, soaking through her fingers and adding to the wet spot on the soft bed beneath her.

“Please hurry, please hurry, please hurry!” She begged, more to the train doors than to Hanekawa herself.

With one final hiss, the doors opened, and Hanekawa dashed out, running into the station. Her eyes darted frantically, searching for any restroom signs. As she danced in place, she felt herself let out another leak and she broke into a run down the station.

She didn’t care anymore. She could feel each rough step send a firm jolt through her bladder, each one causing her to lose drops of pent up urine. Yet she knew the only way she was going to make it was to run. The station wasn’t that large, but no matter where she looked, there wasn’t even the sight of a bathroom sign.

There’s gotta be a restroom here!

“We don’t have time, let’s find somewhere else!”

Black Hanekawa squirmed in place as Hanekawa rushed out the station doors. She glanced around frantically, searching for anything. But it just hit her how rural the town she was visiting was. There was a bank that was closed for the day and what seemed to be a post office, but other than that, most of the houses were residential.

Hanekawa let out another leak, a longer one this time, and Black Hanekawa let out a gasp. The hot pee spurted out from between her fingers and pooled beneath her legs. Hanekawa knew she was at her limit. There was simply no more holding it, no matter how much she wanted.

“Over there! That alley!” Black Hanekawa called out, and Hanekawa spotted it in her periphery.

She charged into the alley way, letting out another leak before slipping into the shadows behind a dumpster. She hiked her skirt up, not bothering to remove her already-soaked panties, and not a moment later, the dams burst.

Her overfilled bladder squeezed out one last time, and Hanekawa felt the pee gush out of her like a burst water balloon. It sprayed forcefully through her panties as though they weren’t even there, hitting the wall and floor of the alleyway in front of her and pooling into a messy puddle beneath her shoes.

In her mind’s eye, she could see Black Hanekawa wetting herself too. She was squatting down, her head thrown back as pee gushed unabashedly out of her. It soaked and sprayed through her black panties messily and pooled with the rest of the wet patches by her feet. Black Hanekawa herself moaned in bliss as she openly savored the relief she had been begging for that whole time.

Hanekawa, while much more reserved, leaned forwards and supported herself against the wall of the alley as she panted, feeling her legs buckle beneath her now the the utter strain of holding it in was subsiding. The sharp pressure in her bladder dulled into a throbbing ache as she let herself fully take in and savor the relief. As the intense pressure died off slightly, pee began to stream down her legs, their flow hampered by her drenched panties. Hanekawa couldn’t even be bothered as she continued to openly pee, letting everything out.

It was quite a while before Hanekawa stopped peeing, and naturally her inner self had finished at the same time. The two were drenched, dripping with pee as they sat there, panting from the utter relief they had felt. Hanekawa couldn’t remember ever being that desperate, and part of her was still in disbelief that she had actually managed to make it through the second train ride without fully wetting herself.

“Hey,” Black Hanekawa spoke through heavy breaths, even as she practically collapsed into her own puddle, “We should probably move before someone sees us.”

Oh. Right.

Hanekawa rummaged through her bag and found a pack of tissues. She fixed up her legs as best as possible, though she could still feel them slightly damp with her own pee, and lowered her skirt, hiding her absolutely soaked panties. She briefly considered taking them off, but she would get to change at the inn soon enough.

Black Hanekawa, with the luxury of being in Hanekawa’s mind, and not in the physical world, snapped her fingers, and her wet panties and the wet patch were immediately replaced with an imaginary bath. Naturally, the sawarineko had removed her clothes too, and was poking her bare body over the rim of the tub.

“Let’s never hold it that long ever again, okay?”

Agreed.

Hanekawa left the alley and her puddle behind, and stepped back out onto the street, making sure no one saw her as she set off. She pulled up a map on her phone that lead to the inn, and she was able to navigate her way there with no problems.

And now for the epilogue, or rather the punchline. Upon arriving at the inn, Hanekawa quickly learned that the person she was looking for, or rather, the person she was told about by the half-vampire she spoke to in Europe, was running the inn.

Coincidentally, this person was also a vampire.

Though, rather than being a vampire who was a danger to humans, this seemed to be a vampire who had integrated into human society as much as possible, and struck up a deal with some negotiators. Much like Dramaturgy.

One of these negotiators was, of course, Oshino Meme. Although, apparently he hadn’t heard from Oshino in many years. He had a few leads, but it was another dead end, and Hanekawa would have to go on another wild goose chase.

However, that wasn’t the only thing Hanekawa found out.

Because the owner of the inn was a vampire, the inn was actually open 24 hours a day, and thus, Hanekawa never had to rush to get to the town before nightfall. Hanekawa used her common sense to guess that an inn for a small, rural town so far outside any major city would be closed at night. However, she had no way of knowing this one strange inn was an exception to that.

“I really can’t believe we held it for that long and nearly wet ourselves for no reason!” Black Hanekawa complained, “You were so sure we needed to rush, but really we could’ve taken our time and found a bathroom!”

Well, Hanekawa laughed as she found this news out, I had no way of knowing. After all, I don’t know everything. I just know what I know.

End

