Dullahan Omorashi

Author: Railgun-sama

*003*2020-04-28 18:48

Part 2! I wasn't sure whether to count this as it's own separate story or posting it here but seeing as it's essentially a direct followup to the events of the last part/chapter above, I figured here was appropriate. This is a long one, but I think that in terms of both lore and desperation, you won't be disappointed with this one!

Ciara felt the rain wash over her as she walked home. There was only a 5% chance for rain this evening, so of course it was a torrential downpour by the time she left her job. Or ex-job, as it were. She had been working as a secretary for a relatively large technology firm, a job she neither loved nor hated, until her boss unceremoniously fired her today. He cited poor work performance and unprofessional behavior as his reasons, but anyone who knew how she was at that job knew that was bullshit. In truth, she suspected his reasons were more personally motivated. He had been transferred in from another office, and since day 1, he had it out for Ciara. He was an older gentleman with more traditional values, to put it lightly, so he likely didn’t have much respect for a woman whose head wasn’t planted firmly on her shoulders.

Ciara could probably bring the issues up to HR, and part of her wanted to, but outside of the petty satisfaction of maybe getting him in trouble, it wouldn’t get her job back, nor would it pay her rent.

Her rent. Ciara felt her shoulders slump at the thought. Her roommate had insisted up until 3 weeks ago that she would definitely be renewing her part of the lease. Then suddenly and without warning, she changed her mind last minute and told Ciara she was moving in with her boyfriend instead. Ciara didn’t have time to find a cheaper place to stay or another roommate, so she was stuck in an apartment twice as big as she needed and with twice the rent than she could afford.

Ciara was seriously tempted to stop by a bar on her way home, but considering her bank account was already nearly drained, even drowning her sorrows would put her in more of a bind. Besides, she was pretty sure she had some whiskey at home.

Letting out a heavy sigh, the Dullahan continued to walk down the city streets towards her apartment complex, letting the rain soak through her work clothes. She wasn’t one for the simple, professional style required by her job, preferring, for all their extra hassle, the elegant, elaborate dresses of gothic lolita fashion. Deprived of those, she was wearing a simple red blouse with a black pencil skirt, black stockings, and work shoes.

As she walked home, she felt a twinge of protest from her bladder, and placed her free hand, the one not carrying her head, on her abdomen. Come to think of it, she had stormed off rather quickly after being fired, not taking the time to go to the bathroom, and she had already needed to go a little bit during her shift. She shrugged it off. Her apartment wasn’t that far away and despite the rain her need wasn’t urgent, only noticeable. She continued on, trying and failing not to let all the stress on her mind get to her.

As she got closer to her apartment, her growing need got to her, and feeling both bold and not particularly in a good mood, Ciara decided to do something she usually didn’t do. She decided to cut through an alleyway that took about five minutes off her walk home. Dullahans were generally stronger than humans and other human-level supernatural creatures. They couldn’t pose a threat to something like a vampire, of course, but to Ciara’s knowledge, she hadn’t done anything to get on the bad side of the infamous Society, so she was fairly confident she wouldn’t run into any trouble.

BANG!

Her confidence wavered as the loud noise shook her to her core and nearly made her wet herself out of shock. That had unmistakably been a gunshot.

BANG! BANG!

Ciara saw a body fly from nowhere and strike the concrete wall of the alleyway in front of her. She quickly ducked behind a nearby dumpster and popped her head around the side just enough to see. Whoever it was, they weren’t looking so hot. She heard voices and held her breath as the sound of footsteps came running up to where the body had landed.

“Do you think that’ll do it?”

“What, a vampire like him? No way, man. Even silver bullets like these aren’t enough to stop him. A werewolf, maybe, but a vampire? Not a chance.”

“So what do we do? We won’t get paid unless he’s dead, right?”

“Nah, we don’t gotta kill him or nothing. He’s a full-blood. A strong one, too. Took out three members of the Tojo family by himself. He’s been running and fighting for a week now. Probably low on blood. That’s the only reason we were able to get this close to him in the first place. Hell, he could probably still kill us if he wanted to, even now. Isn’t that right, you vampire bastard?”

“.....” No response from the vampire.

“So why’d we even take this job?”

“The Tojos wanted him dead, and when the Tojos want someone dead, they pay well. But here’s the thing, he’s a deserter, so he’s got some old friends on the inside too. Friends that don’t want to see him dead. I cut a deal with one of them. Make it look like we offed him, get the clan off his back. They cover our ass for not finishing the job. We get the money from the hit and money from the coverup.”

“Smart thinkin’. I like it.”

Ciara had, in her eavesdropping, completely forgot about her bladder, which sent a wave of desperation in protest and she squeezed her legs shut instinctively to keep herself from leaking. Of course, since she was squatting behind a dumpster, the maneuver left her off balance and she bumped into the dumpster lightly. It wasn’t super loud, but it was enough to get the two’s attention.

“Shhh! Shit, I think someone’s comin!”

“Let’s get outta here, man!”

Ciara heard the footsteps of the two start running in the opposite direction, and she let out a sigh of relief the second she couldn’t hear them moving anymore. She popped her head out from behind the dumpster again to make sure it was safe, then rushed over to the man lying in the alleyway. He had snow white hair and a youthful appearance, probably around the same age as her. Or at least that’s what she’d assume if they hadn’t called him a vampire. Vampires aged very similarly to humans and other creatures until they hit their mid-twenties, at which point their aging slowed down immensely. He was probably on the younger side for a vampire, but that could mean he was a hundred years old or more.

He was also bleeding. A lot. Having been shot three times, once in the arm and twice in the chest, he definitely looked like a person on death’s door, despite what the two guys in the alleyway had said.

“H-hey,” Ciara called out, shaking the man lightly, “Hey, are you okay?”

It was a dumb question. Of course he wasn’t okay, but Ciara had never encountered a situation like this. She was also rather flustered and the pressure in her abdomen was just making the whole situation worse.

“H-hang on, I’ll call an ambulance! My phone’s in my bag here-”

Before Ciara could finish, the white-haired vampire pulled himself up against the wall in a sitting position, grunting in pain as he moved in spite of his injuries. He reached out and grabbed Ciara’s hand, preventing her from grabbing her phone.

“I’ll be… fine…” he gasped, “Just… gotta get these bullets out of me… silver… suppresses my healing…”

“Yeah, so I should call an ambulance and they can-AAHHHH!”

Ciara watched in horror as the white-haired vampire dug his hand into one of the bullet wounds in his chest. He dug around painfully, spurting more blood as he fished around for the bullet, then yanked his bloody hand out. He opened his palm and a bloodied silver bullet fell with a light ping onto the asphalt below.

Immediately, the wound began to heal itself, growing smaller, scabbing over, and then smoothing over in the blink of an eye. Ciara knew vampires had regenerative abilities, but she hadn’t seen it up close like that.

The vampire went in again, digging around until he managed to remove the second silver bullet from his chest. Then a third time with the one in his arm. By the time he was done, he looked good as new, if not for the holes and trails of blood soaking his clothes and mixing with the rain to form a large,red puddle around him.

He also looked a bit pale and weak, but Ciara didn’t blame him. He had just regenerated from what looked to be fatal injuries. Ciara considered leaving him there in the alleyway, but she had no idea where he was going to go, and in that state he didn’t look like he could walk very far anyway. Her bladder sent another wave of protest her way and she pressed her thighs together, glancing back at the end of the alleyway where her apartment complex sat.

“Here, come with me,” Ciara offered without thinking.

“What?”

“My apartment’s right over there. Not even a three-minute walk away. You should rest a little, and get out of this rain.”

“No, that’s fine,” the vampire stood up shakily, “I can manage on my own.”

The white-haired vampire took one step forward and stumbled, and Ciara moved to catch him. She felt herself let out a small spurt of pee into her panties from the effort, but she couldn’t be bothered to care right now.

“You can barely walk, how are you going to ‘manage’?” Ciara chided, “Plus, I heard what those guys said, you’ve been going nonstop for a week. Come on, let me help. It’s the least I can do.”

“Fine,” the vampire resigned. Ciara began helping the vampire hobble his way towards her apartment.

“What’s your name, by the way?” Ciara asked, “Mine’s Ciara. I’m a Dullahan, as you might have guessed.”

“I’m… Hayato,” the vampire answered curtly, “I’m a vampire.”

“I figured as much, given your healing abilities. And stubborn attitude.”

“Sorry,” Hayato apologized, “And… thank you.”

###

Ciara awoke, her mind filled with the memories of her dream. That had been the day she and Hayato had first met. She had only intended to let Hayato stay until he regained his strength, but during their resulting conversation, he mentioned not having a place to stay and she mentioned her financial woes. He had plenty of money, being an ex-member of the Society, and the rest, as they say, was history.

That had been six months ago.

Their relationship had been one of convenience, and was professional in nature. They had become friends over time, of course, but no closer, as Hayato had pointed out to his sister the night before.

Ciara was fine with that. Ciara had always been fine with that.

Yet Ciara couldn’t get the words Hayato had spoken out of her mind.

“She’s just a roommate and coworker.”

“Of course that’s all I am. Why am I so bothered by that?” Ciara asked herself aloud.

Suddenly, she felt a pang in her bladder. Turns out the desperation from her dream wasn’t entirely a result of her memory. She hobbled hastily to the bathroom for her morning pee, not bothering to get dressed. She often slept in a sheer nightgown that did a good job of hiding absolutely nothing, and a pair of black silk panties. It wasn’t common for her to run into Hayato in the mornings anyway. He was, being a vampire and all, definitely not much of a morning person.

She made it to the bathroom without incident and let a night’s-worth of pee pour out of her into the toilet. As she peed, her mind shifted to her upcoming night at work. She wasn’t sure what today would bring. To keep their shifts manageable, MonSushi Express didn’t open until the late afternoon, right before the first signs of evening rush hour, and was open until 2 in the morning, like a bar. However, Ciara might actually have some backup this time, assuming of course that Hayato had located his sister and agreed to bring her on board.

The idea of getting proper breaks and not having to serve the entire restaurant, especially during the diner and late night rush, made her hopeful. But then again, it relied on working with Ayame. Ciara still wasn’t sure how to feel about her, and the fact that she had openly flirted with her the night before didn’t fill Ciara with confidence either. The last thing she wanted to do was have to complain to Hayato that his sister was sexually harassing her at work.

As Ciara finished up in the bathroom, her mind was on the night she would have tonight at work, and all the dread that gave her.

###

Late afternoon came, and Ciara found herself walking to work on her own. It was pretty typical for Hayato to head to work by himself. His ability to teleport allowed him to bypass the late-afternoon sun without having to cover up, and though they were mid-autumn, the weather was being particularly fickle lately. They’d get summertime heat during the day and it wouldn’t cool down until the sun set. Ciara enjoyed their walks to and from work, but she wasn’t about to make Hayato suffer through the long sleeves and hood he’d need to sufficiently block out the sun in this heat.

During her walk there, Ciara felt her bladder nag her in protest, and she placed a hand on her abdomen in surprise. She must’ve forgotten to go before leaving the apartment, which was unlike her. That was fine, though. She’d get to go before her shift, even if she didn’t have Hayato’s sister as backup to take proper breaks during her shift.

Upon arriving at the restaurant, she was greeted with the sight of Hayato’s sister, Ayame, wearing a very form-fitting blue blouse and a tight black skirt that showed off her curves, as well as dark pantyhose and light blue shoes that were a blend of form and function. It was simultaneously much less revealing than the outfit she had greeted them with last night, while at the same time more provocative. In addition, her long, silver hair was tied up in a ponytail, and her icy eyes, the same color as Hayato’s, were highlighted with dark mascara and complementary eye shadow.

“Hello, Ciara,” Ayame smiled, “I’m the new hire, it would seem.”

“And you’ve been promoted,” Hayato spoke, stepping in, “You’re now the head server and wait staff manager. If my sister gives you any reason to, you may fire her on the spot.”

Ayame pouted, “Oh hush now, I’m not that bad. Don’t you have prep work to do before the restaurant opens?”

“Yeah, I’m heading back now. Ciara, you’re in charge. Help familiarize Ayame with the menu and procedures, and let me know right away if she gives you any problems.”

Hayato turned and left the room, and Ayame shot Ciara a mischievous glance that sent shivers up Ciara’s spine.

“You’re going to teach me, right? I’m new here, so please go easy on me!”

“Right, right,” Ciara nodded, grabbing a menu off of the reception desk, “Here’s a menu, please go over it. I’m going to the bathroom. Once I get back, let me know if you have any questions.”

“Wait,” Ayame stopped her, standing in the way so Ciara had no choice but to stop, “I have an idea. First days on the job can be sooo boring and exhausting. Let’s make things a little more fun.”

Ciara crossed her arms, “You heard what Hayato said, right? Give me a good reason to fire you and I will, on the spot.”

“You haven’t even heard what I was going to suggest,” Ayame frowned, “Besides, you won’t fire me.”

“I don’t like you, and so far, I don’t really trust you either,” Ciara pointed out, “Why would I not fire you?”

“Because, you like my brother.”

Ciara’s eyes widened and she shifted uncomfortably. Both because Ayame was tugging at uncomfortable feelings that Ciara was still working through, and also because her urge to pee had made itself known once again.

“You like my brother, but you don’t know a damn thing about him, do you?” Ayame asked.

Ciara couldn’t answer, and Ayame stepped closer to her, smiling. Her voice soft and sultry, there was a certain confidence and charisma to the way she carried herself.

“He’s always been like that. Silent. Distant. It takes him so long to open up to people,” Ayame grinned, “But you know he has an interesting past. He was a member of the Society, after all. You’re curious about it. My dear brother has kept his distance from you, but if you know about his past, it’ll be easier to get him to open up. And who better to tell you than his own sister?”

Ciara crossed her arms, “Okay, but even if I was interested, what do you want from me?”

“Entertainment,” Ayame smiled, “Like I said, for today, I want to play a game.”

“What kind of game?” Ciara asked.

“An endurance game,” Ayame smiled, “I’ll let you empty that bladder of yours, and then you and I will try to hold it all shift. I’ve drawn five small dots on my hand, see? Every time I leak while you’re still holding it, I’ll add one more dot to my hand. Also, you have control over my bladder tonight. If I want to pee, I’ll have to add a dot to my hand to ask you for permission, and if you let me go while you’re still holding it, I’ll add five more dots to my hand. If you give in before our first break, I’ll remove five dots, but if you give in after our first break, I’ll only remove three. If you make it to the end of the night, whether I’ve given in or not, I’ll add two more dots. Three if you somehow manage to stay completely dry down there. By the end of the night, I’ll answer one question about my brother for every dot I have on my hand.”

Ciara wasn’t sure if she was comfortable with that. One one hand, she could learn a lot of information about Hayato from his sister. On the other hand, she didn’t exactly enjoy holding it in when she was forced to by circumstance, let alone holding it in for the amusement of someone like Ayame. Even if she was getting something out of it, Ciara really just wanted to be able to take breaks whenever she needed to.

“Oh come now, what do you have to lose?” Ayame asked, “I’m letting you start on an empty bladder, you can give in and go whenever you want, and I’ll tell you whatever you want about my brother afterwards.”

When Ayame put it that way, Ciara was having some trouble saying no. She had gotten accustomed to holding it in during the long hours of work, especially when it was busy and there was no downtime for her to slip off to the bathroom. And this time she could give in whenever she wanted. All she had to do was tell Ayame she was going to the bathroom and Ayame would erase some dots, but as long as she made it past her first break, something that seemed quite feasible given that she’d be starting on an empty bladder, she’d only lose three dots.

“Fine, we’ll play your game,” Ciara agreed, “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to the bathroom.”

“Hold on,” Ayame said, “I said I’ll let you empty your bladder, but you’re not gonna do it by going to the bathroom.”

Before Ciara could ask what Ayame meant, Ayame placed a hand on her abdomen and suddenly her urge to pee vanished completely.

“Oh my, you were pretty full,” Ayame pointed out, holding her own abdomen, “This is gonna be tough starting with this much.”

“Wait, what did you just-”

“I used magic to warp the contents of your bladder into mine. A little handicap for me, to make things more interesting.”

“You’re gonna try to hold that all night?” Ciara asked.

“Oh, are you worried about me? Don’t worry, I’ve had practice, besides, the harder it is for me, the better it is for you, right?” Ayame smiled.

“Just… make sure it’s not too obvious for the customers. I don’t want people getting the wrong impression on how the restaurant treats its employees.”

“Oh, so I have to hide it, too? Sounds like a challenge. But you know, if you get desperate later tonight, you’ll have to hide it as well.”

“I have no intention of getting desperate,” Ciara stated bluntly, “I intend to hold it as long as is comfortable, then go during my second break. I assume you’ll be desperate enough by then that you’ll have plenty of dots for me to ask my questions.”

“Hmm, we’ll just see about that, won’t we?” Ayame smiled, “Anyway, now that your bladder’s empty, we should go over that menu together, boss.”

“Right,” Ciara said, “So, for starters, here’s the appetizers…”

The two went over the menu and Ayame picked up on everything rather quickly. Ciara hadn’t been desperate when Ayame took the contents of her bladder into her own, but she had certainly been full. The fact that Ayame wasn’t showing any signs of that bothering her, nor was it slowing her down, was a little impressive.

Ciara was skeptical Ayame would make it to their first break, let alone the whole night. If the vampire gave in and started asking to use the bathroom, Ciara could always deny her a few times. That should earn her some dots and some more leaks from the other woman. Ciara would be lying if she said she didn’t get some small amount of satisfaction from knowing that she had Ayame’s bladder at her mercy. In her mind’s eye, she had a vision of the elegant, composed vampire doubled over with her hands jammed between her legs, quivering desperately as she begged Ciara to use the bathroom.

“You’re pretty red there,” Ayame smiled, “Everything alright?”

“H-huh?” Ciara asked. She couldn’t see her own face, but she could hear her body’s uneven breathing. She blushed harder, “It’s… it’s nothing.”

“Am I getting… excited for this? No… I’m doing this because I want to learn more about Hayato.”

5 o’clock hit and the restaurant opened. It was a Saturday, so they didn’t get hit with a rush right as they opened like they would on the weekdays. However, it was common for them to see much higher traffic later in the evening and into the night, as people would go out on weekend dates or celebrate special occasions.

For her being new, Ayame was surprisingly competent as a server. She didn’t have any difficulties with the menu, was reasonably fast and accurate, with only a couple of mistakes. She also gave nothing away about her bladder. A few hours in, and Ciara was struggling to catch any glimpses of desperation in Ayame. A slight wiggle, a brief pause, a raised leg, anything to indicate that her bladder was filling. Yet nothing.

Ciara also took a brief look at her hand while she reached up to the counter to grab a customer’s food, and there were still only 5 dots drawn on her hand. Of course, Ciara herself also wasn’t feeling anything at this point, but Ayame had emptied the contents of Ciara’s full bladder into her own before their shift started. There was no way she wasn’t feeling it by now.

Ciara brushed off her concerns and focused on her job. She was standing by the door between waiting on her tables when a familiar couple walked in. A slime girl and a human walked in, arms intertwined. Ciara distinctly recalled the slime girl having witnessed her nearly wet herself on a particularly busy night where she hadn’t gotten the chance to go to the bathroom beforehand.

“Oh, it’s you two again!” Ciara smiled, trying not to blush as she greeted both the human and the slime girl, “Welcome back!”

“T-thank you!” The slime girl replied, smiling awkwardly.

“She totally remembers…” Ciara despaired internally.

“Table for two, I presume?” Ciara asked.

The human girl nodded, “Yup!”

Ciara guided them to a free table, “Here you two are! We actually got a new server here, so they’ll be taking care of you tonight. Her name’s Ayame, and mine’s Ciara. Feel free to wave me down if you have any problems!”

“Will do, thank you,” the human grinned, “Oh, by the way, since we’ll probably be regulars here, I’m Alyssa and this is my girlfriend, Luna!”

Luna blushed, and Ciara smiled, “Well, Alyssa, Luna, thank you so much for coming back, and if I don’t get to see you later, I hope you have a fantastic night!”

Ciara walked off and headed back to her tables. She first stopped at a table of three men who were well into their meal already, “And how are you gentlemen doing tonight?”

“Great, great! Food delicious!” one of them answered with a mouth full of tuna roll.

“Nothin’ beats the combination of good sake and even greater sushi!” another one grinned.

“Hey, speakin’ of, can we get another bottle for the table? It’s on me this time, boys!”

“Certainly!” Ciara smiled, jotting down a quick note on her notepad, “I’ll be right back with that!”

Ciara then quickly stopped to check on a group of friends who looked to be in high school. Among them were a human boy, a boy with dragon horns, and two cat girls, one with brown hair and another with white hair.

“I’m tellin’ ya,” the dragon boy grinned, “I saw her. The Kasha!”

“What, that ‘superhero’ running around? The one who has super strength and weird flame powers?” the other boy asked, “It’s pretty weird that there’s some superhero running around when we live in a world with magic and supernatural creatures everywhere.”

The brown-haired cat girl seemed particularly stiff, smiling, “Y-yeah, I guess it is pretty strange.”

Ciara approached them, “How are you all doing? Ready to order?”

“I am,” the dragon boy nodded, “what about you guys?”

Everyone else nodded.

“I’ll take the rainbow roll and the spicy kani roll,” the dragon boy ordered first.

“I’ll have the Nova special and an order of the gyoza,” the other boy ordered.

“I’ll have the salmon roll and the tuna sashimi!” the white-haired cat girl ordered next.

“I’ll take a spicy tuna roll and an order of the shrimp tempura,” the brown-haired cat girl ordered last.

“Got it!” Ciara beamed, jotting each of the notes down as she took their orders, “I’ll be back with your food shortly!”

She stopped at one more table, a girl with an eyepatch and a guy wearing a fur jacket. Each had an empty sushi platter sitting in front of them.

“I hope you enjoyed your meal!” Ciara chimed in, reaching down and grabbing their plates, “Let me get these out of the way for you, and is there anything else I can get you for the night?”

“No, we’re good, we’ll just take the check,” the man with the fur coat smiled.

“Will that be one check, or separate?”

“One check,” the man stated.

“Separate,” the woman answered simultaneously.

“W-what? Hun, of course I’m paying for it.”

“I’m pitching in too.”

“It’s fine, really! I just got paid and-”

“And we both know that you need that money more than I do. You just got that job.”

“Hun, I’m fine, really-”

The woman turned to Ciara, “Please bring back two checks, I’ll talk some sense into him.”

“Hun, what-”

Ciara nodded, heading off before she got caught up in the couple’s argument any further. She placed the second table’s order on the order queue and headed back to the bar to grab a fresh bottle of sake. She placed it in a bath of warm water to heat up before running to the machine and ringing up two checks for the third table. Hayato placed an order up on the counter for a fourth table she had already checked on earlier, and she grabbed the now warm sake and the platters and delivered them to their respective customers. She then placed the two checks at the table where the couple was still arguing, and by the time she was done with those deliveries, the order for the table of high schoolers came out.

As Ciara was picking up that order, she looked across the restaurant to see Ayame. Once again, there were no outward signs of desperation from the vampire woman. Ciara herself felt her abdomen and realized that she was starting to feel a slight pressure there. Nothing uncomfortable or urgent yet, but Ciara was definitely glad she had gotten this far into the first half of her shift before feeling anything.

Although it had gotten quite busy, Ciara and Ayame had both made it halfway through their shift. It was still pretty busy, but Ciara knew it would slow down soon, with another, smaller rush happening later at night. She took a short breather and as Ayame passed by, she stopped her.

“Ayame, I’m gonna take my break first, if that’s alright with you. We’ll have to stagger them, so I’ll take my break now and in a half-hour you get your break.”

“Okay, but first,” Ayame leaned in and whispered, “May I use the restroom?”

“Huh? Oh,” Ciara replied, “I’m surprised you asked. You don’t look that desperate.”

“I hide it well,” Ayame replied, before leaning in and shuffling her legs, “Please?”

“No, sorry,” Ciara replied.

Ayame smiled, as though she expected that, and pulled out a marker. She opened her palm, to draw a dot for having asked to pee, and Ciara’s eyes widened. There were already eight dots on her hand, and Ayame drew a ninth.

“S-she leaked three times already?”

“Surprised?” Ayame looked up, smirking, “I am holding everything in your bladder from earlier, and it wasn’t like I went right before that either. My bladder’s so full right now, I’m bursting.”

Now that Ayame was so close, Ciara could hear her breathing, and she could see a few dots of sweat on her forehead. She was really good at hiding it, but sure enough, if you looked close enough, you could see her struggling.

“W-well, I’m still not letting you go,” Ciara replied firmly, “B-by the way, I never asked. What will you do if I don’t let you go but you can’t hold it anymore?”

“You mean if I’m about to wet myself? I brought a change of clothes. I’ll try to avoid wetting myself somewhere out in the open. I don’t want to give people the wrong impression, after all.”

Ciara gulped, “You mean, you’re fine with just wetting yourself even if the only thing stopping you is me?”

“The better question is, will you really deny me a trip to the bathroom if I tell you I can’t hold it anymore and I’m on the verge of wetting myself?”

“That depends,” Ciara asked, “Is it worth any points if you wet yourself and I’m still holding it?”

“If you can make it that far, and I really end up wetting myself before you give in and pee, then…” Ayame leaned in close, “You’ll get 40 points.”

Ciara’s eyes widened, “4-40?”

“But… that’s only if you keep holding it too, and I’ll tell you, unless you tell me I can use the restroom ahead of time,” Ayame leaned down to whisper into Ciara’s disembodied head, “I have no intention of wetting myself before the end of my shift.”

Ayame looked pretty determined given that she had described herself as bursting and had already leaked three times. Meanwhile, Ciara could feel her bladder filling steadily, but she wasn’t even at a point she’d consider urgent yet.

“Anyway, you should go take your break,” Ayame smiled, “I’ve been doing a good job, I should be able to manage the whole restaurant while you’re gone. Seems like things are starting to slow down a bit anyway.”

Ayame leaned back and Ciara let out a breath she hadn’t realized she was holding. She straightened up, cleared her throat, and headed back to the breakroom. Before, whenever Ciara took a break, it was short, rushed, and Hayato was forced to take over for her, which slowed things down considerably. Tonight, however, she would get a proper break, giving her plenty of time to eat and relax a little before the second half of her shift started.

Sometimes she would order something from Hayato, but tonight she had brought her own lunch. Leftover lasagna she had made the other day and left here last night. She retrieved it from the fridge and warmed it up. As she waited for it to cool back down, she grabbed a bottle of water and cracked it open, taking a few big gulps.

She then placed her head on the table in the break room and started feeding herself. Dullahan bodies were functionally similar to humans, apart from the obvious physical separation of her head and her neck (They were also physically stronger as well, but nothing on the level of a vampire). Of course, this separation was only physical. Anything that reached the bottom of the stump at the base of her head would be supernaturally transported to the top of the stump on her body’s side. Everything still functioned like it was connected.

After her meal, she leaned back and took another few swigs of water. Her bladder nagged her in protest. She still wasn’t desperate, but she was definitely feeling slightly uncomfortable. Ordinarily, this is where she’d start making serious plans about when she’d make a trip to the bathroom, but tonight things were different.

She thought back to Ayame, her mind wandering to the vampire woman out there, keeping her composure as her full bladder screamed at her. Her irritation that Ciara had denied her a trip to the bathroom. She wondered if Ayame had leaked any more times while she had been here taking a break.

Ciara shook her head, blushing. Ayame was getting to her. She didn’t trust Ayame. She didn’t like her. This plan wasn’t just a fun game. It was a plot. Ayame had planned this to get under Ciara’s skin. She had put Ciara in control, but Ayame was really the one pulling the strings here. Still, it left Ciara racking her brain at what Ayame could possibly gain from this game of theirs, especially since she would inevitably struggle the most.

Ciara’s phone chimed and she looked down. Her break was over. She stood up and her bladder sent a pang of protest again, one Ciara pushed to the back of her mind rather easily. She stepped out of the breakroom and headed over to the main counter. Hayato was still working away, prepping anything he could in advance while making sure the quality of everything was top notch.

He placed two order plates up, “For table 14.”

Ciara grabbed them and Ayame passed her by. Ciara stopped her, “You can take your break now.”

“Okay, thank you!” Ayame started heading off, and Ciara stopped her again.

“Wait, you’re not going to ask?”

“Heh, I don’t want you getting points that easily. Besides, I already know you’re not going to let me.”

Ayame sauntered off, and as she turned down the hall to the breakroom, out of sight of the customers, Ciara caught her shift from a composed walk to a hobble, her hands disappearing in front of her, likely to rub her bladder or hold herself.

Ciara picked up where Ayame left off pretty seamlessly. The first rush had died down and the second rush likely wouldn’t hit until Ayame got back from her break. There were a handful of tables left, but it was certainly manageable.

Before Ciara realized it, Ayame was back out. The time had passed rather quickly. Not a moment too soon, for the late-night rush was starting up. Ayame sat a couple, then a group of five guys, then three women who seemed already drunk, a huge party consisting of three humans, two fox girls, a cat boy, and an ice maiden. Another dullahan-- who seemed to have completely lost his head, and was being helped out by his partner-- came in too, along with a pair of rowdy drunk werewolves who were half-transformed, a pair of busty, flirty slime girls clinging to the arms of a rather wealthy-looking gentleman, a glum man who was being dragged along by a helpful fairy, and finally a pair of kitsune wearing rather old-fashioned Japanese attire.

Ciara had split things up so Ciara was doing about twice the work, but she was more experienced and Ayame was nursing a full bladder, so Ciara took some pity on the vampire. Still, it wasn’t like Ciara wasn’t dealing with her own growing need, and this had been Ayame’s idea, so even if Ayame had come up to her in the middle of this rush and begged her to pee, Ciara had a feeling she wouldn’t show the vampire any mercy.

Between tables, Ciara would cast glances over at Ayame. The silver-haired vampire had held up an impressive facade, but it was starting to crack. It was little things at first. Small wiggles when she thought no one was looking. Keeping one leg raised slightly while standing and taking orders. Shifting uncomfortably as she stood and asked guests how they were doing. Shuffling her legs back and forth while standing still. She was also starting to develop a stiff walk, likely in an attempt to keep herself walking straight upright despite her full bladder.

Ciara herself was starting to feel the effects of their game too. Her bladder was definitely full, and her need had gone from uncomfortable to urgent. She wasn’t nearly as far along as Ayame was, and she had definitely been more desperate working this job before, but she was definitely starting to consider giving in to go to the bathroom.

Ayame had said if she wet herself before Ciara peed, then she’d get 40 points, but the poor girl had to have let out at least a dozen leaks by now anyway, and Ciara would only lose three if she gave in to her urges now. As Ciara continued to rush around the restaurant, she discreetly brought a hand up to her abdomen when she was sure no one was looking and rubbed her full bladder.

Over on Ayame’s side, the silver-haired vampire was struggling. She was barely keeping her composure, and her tight skirt and form-fitting blouse meant that, if you looked hard enough, you could see the bulge she was nursing. As she passed between tables, she placed a hand on it uncomfortably and held back a desperate moan.

“Okay, how are you three doing?” she asked, approaching a group of two bunny girls and a rather drunk man.

“Oh, we’re fantastic!” One of the bunny girls smiled.

“Yeah, the food is great so far!” the other one replied cheerfully.

A wave of desperation shot through Ayame. They had been coming more and more frequently as the night went on, it took everything in her power to fight the urge to double over, cross her legs, and jam a hand between her nethers.

“Perfect,” she smiled after a brief pause to regain composure, “Can I get you anything else?”

“More booz-”

“No, we’re good,” the first bunny girl cut off the drunk man, “But I did have one question. What’s with all those dots on your hand?”

Ayame looked down at her hand. There were quite a few more dots on it than there had been when she had shown Ayame. She had leaked eight more times over the course of the night. Her panties were soaked under her skirt, and she was pretty sure if she leaked again, it might soak through completely and dribble out onto the floor.

“O-oh, these?” Ayame asked, “I’m new here, so they’re part of a memory system I came up with to remember the orders.”

“Oh? But you have a notepad,” the second bunny girl asked, “and they’re just dots, how does that help you remember anything?”

Another wave of desperation struck Ayame and she fought back both another leak and a snarky remark at the nosy bunny girl.

“O-oh, it’s for the menu, and it’s my own system. I know it doesn’t look like it, but the dots are grouped up differently, for numbers. I’d explain it to you, but it’s pretty busy and it’s really just a system that makes sense in my head!”

“Oh, okay, well, thanks for letting us know, I was just curious is all!”

“You’re welcome!”

Ayame hurried off and checked up on her next table, an ogre, a man with dragon horns, and a jianshi with a seal on her head were all sitting there, waiting to order. She took their orders quickly, and as she was jotting them down, her bladder spasmed again in protest. It caught her more off-guard and in an attempt to not show her desperation, she couldn’t react strongly enough and another leak made its way into her soaked panties. By some miracle, however, enough of her leakage had dried out just enough to hold onto this spurt as well.

She finished jotting down the order and rushed off to check up on her next table. As she was talking to a table full of drunk cat girls, she hazarded a glance back to Ciara. She could tell from her movements that she was also feeling full.

Ciara, while nowhere near as desperate as Ayame, was seriously starting to feel the full effects of a full bladder. She was currently talking to her current table, the two slime girls and the gentleman, taking their order as her legs quivered slightly and she pressed her thighs together.

As she walked off, she felt a wave of desperation hit her and it took everything in her power not to react noticeably. She merely clenched her muscles down there and willed herself not to let any leaks out, and while it had been hard, she managed to stay dry.

Still, she was seriously considering giving in.

That was when Ayame headed up to her while they were both grabbing orders from the counter.

“Ciara,” Ayame spoke, pleadingly, “I’m in pretty bad shape here, I gotta pee so bad right now. Please, let me use the restroom.”

Ciara frowned, “I’m holding it in too, I almost leaked earlier.”

Ayame leaned in, “I’ve leaked so much that if I let any more out, it might dribble onto the floor. I can’t… I can’t hold it anymore, please let me go.”

“Are you about to wet yourself?” Ciara asked.

“Y-yes, I think so,” Ayame admitted.

“Didn’t you say if I didn’t let you pee that you had no intention of wetting yourself before the end of the shift?” Ciara asked.

“Yes, I did say that,” Ayame nodded, “But that was earlier, and I’m seriously so much more desperate than I thought I was going to be… please, without being able to hold myself or anything, I really don’t think I’m gonna make it much longer.”

Ciara was about to give in and let the vampire go, but then she remembered what was on the line. 40 points if Ayame wet herself before Ciara, and if Ayame was this close to wetting herself, then Ciara would only have to hold it for a little bit longer.

“Can I please go?” Ayame begged.

“No,” Ciara smiled, “I want those 40 points.”

“Are you sure this is about the points?” Ayame asked, smiling before sauntering off to her table. She let out the slightest of squeaks as she walked, and Ciara watched as she not only added another dot for asking to use the bathroom, but another for leaking as well. Ciara looked down, and sure enough Ayame was telling the truth. There was a small dot of urine pooled on the floor. She had leaked and her panties could no longer contain it.

That last question had turned Ciara’s mood on its head. She had felt in complete control a moment ago, but now it felt like Ayame was still stringing her along somehow. Ciara ignored that nagging thought and the nagging from her bladder as she headed off to deliver the platters she had to her waiting customers.

By the time the late night rush died down, they only had an hour left on their shifts. Ciara was grateful it had died down, because it allowed her a little more freedom coping with her full bladder. She could sneak more leg crosses and brief grabs without giving her hand away. She was definitely at the point she’d consider desperate, but it wasn’t like she was on the verge of leaking or wetting herself.

Ayame on the other hand, was losing her composure fast. She had slowed down and Ciara had to pick up her slack. She couldn’t stand still without her legs shifting. Beads of sweat formed on her forehead and her breathing was labored and ragged. When she thought no one was looking, she rubbed her aching bladder desperately and she looked like she wanted nothing more than to jam a hand up her skirt and hold herself.

Ciara had found more droplets of urine on the floor, and now that they had some down-time, she was cleaning them up. The sound of the mop sloshing in the water wasn’t making either of them more comfortable, but Ayame hadn’t asked again to use the restroom, and Ciara was determined to see this through to the end.

“Ayame, you don’t look too good, are you holding up okay?” Hayato asked.

Ayame nodded, forcing a fake smile, “Yeah, I’m fine, just tired.”

“Well, there aren’t any customers right now. Honestly I doubt if we’ll get any more in before the end of the night. If you want to head back to the break room and rest, you can. Ciara, you can join her once you’re done mopping. I’ll let you two know if any more stragglers come in.”

“Okay,” Ciara nodded.

“Thanks, Hayato,” she smiled genuinely before heading to the breakroom.

Ciara finished up quickly, eager to head to the breakroom and gain the privacy that would allow her. She could imagine Ayame, struggling to hold on with her hands jammed up her skirt, desperately shaking her legs back and forth as she struggled to hold on. Ciara herself was pretty desperate by this point too, and would also enjoy the freedom of being able to hold herself.

When Ciara stepped into the break room, she was greeted by an intense sight. Ayame was sitting in one of the chairs, both legs raised up to her chest with both hands clamped over her crotch. She had her skirt unzipped and hiked up, flashing her soaked panties to Ciara as she desperately squirmed.

Ciara, now also free to hold herself, jammed a hand between her legs and squirmed around as she watched Ayame struggle. The vampire had her eyes clamped shut and hadn’t even noticed Ciara yet. She lowered her legs and scissored them back and forth while practically gasping. She then pressed her thighs together and bounced her legs up and down, whimpering in sheer desperation.

She looked up and finally noticed Ciara, flashing her pleading, desperate eyes.

“P-pl-please, I can’t… I can’t hold it anymore,” Ayame moaned, “I’m about to… I’m gonna pee... I can’t… I can’t hold it in…”

Ciara smiled, crossing her own legs as she stood, “Oh, but I’ve held it on for this long, and you’re about to pee yourself. I have nothing to gain from letting you go at this point.”

“No… please,” Ayame begged, “Okay, fine, forget the points. You win. 40 points either way, please let me go to the restroom!”

Ciara paused. If Ayame was willing to give her 40 points either way, then of course the logical thing would be to let the poor girl go. Ayame wouldn’t wet herself, Ciara could stop holding it, and Ayame would still answer all the questions she wanted about Hayato.

Yet for some reason, Ciara really didn’t want to see Ayame go.

A part of her wanted to force Ayame to sit there, in the chair, squirming on the verge of wetting herself.

Ayame’s words echoed in her mind from earlier.

“Are you sure this is about the points?”

Ciara’s eyes widened and she realized that Ayame had been stringing her along this whole time. She had gotten Ciara to enjoy their game, and now when points didn’t matter, Ciara still didn’t want to let Ayame go. She wanted to see the vampire wet herself, even if it meant she’d have to hold it until that happened.

“Ciara… please!” Ayame begged.

Ciara looked down, “You sneaky bitch, you planned this!”

“Planned what?” Ayame asked.

“You wanted me to realize that I wanted to see you wet yourself,” Ciara pointed out, “This was never about Hayato, it was never about the points. You have some weird fetish for holding it in and you wanted to get me roped into a holding game with you.”

Ayame smirked, “Well, you got some details wrong, and I do intend to tell you about my brother, as per my end of the deal. Really, I just thought you were cute and wanted to see how far along I could string you. The pee thing was just an idea I got last night. You were about to wet yourself, weren’t you?”

“I did wet myself, thank you very much,” Ciara frowned, “But as payment, I’ll make you wet yourself here.”

Aaah, please!” Ayame moaned. She danced in her spot on the chair, and suddenly a large spurt of urine escaped from between her legs and dribbled onto the floor below. Ayame doubled over and pressed her thighs together, whimpering desperately.

Her desperation made Ciara acutely aware of her own full bladder, which sent a wave of protest through her and forced her to double over.

“Please, Ciara,” Ayame begged again, “That was a big leak, I don’t think I’ll be able to stop the next one. Besides, if you let me go, then we can both pee.”

“No way,” Ciara grinned, “I told you, I fully intend to watch you wet yourself here.”

“That’s… unexpectedly cruel of you, it’s kind of hot,” Ayame grinned before doubling over again, “Oh god!”

“Are you about to lose it?” Ciara smirked.

“I can’t… I can’t hold it…”

Ciara was enjoying the show when her own desperation reared its ugly head. Her bladder sent a pang of protest and Ciara gasped as a leak escaped into her panties.

“D-did you just leak too?”

“No!” Ciara lied, blushing, “Besides, I’m nowhere near as close to wetting myself as you are.”

“Hah, hah, that’s so not fair,” Ayame complained.

Ciara realized what kind of weird situation this would look like to Hayato if he came back here to let them know there was a customer. Both she and Ayame were squirming across from each other, desperate to pee with a perfectly accessible restroom just across the hall.

“How… how much time is left on our shifts?” Ayame asked.

“A half hour.” Ciara grinned.

“A half…” Ayame stopped and let out a gasp and another spurt escaped through her panties and onto the floor, “A half-hour… there’s no way. My bladder’s too full.”

“Looks like you’re gonna have to wet yourself, then!” Ciara smiled smugly.

“Oh yeah? Well, I won’t be the only one, then!”

Ciara was about to ask what Ayame meant when suddenly she felt her own bladder expand in volume. The suddenness of it all nearly made her wet herself, and she collapsed onto the floor, shaking.

“Wh-what did you do?”

“I evened out the amount of liquid in each of our bladders. Now we’re holding onto the same amount. I’ve been holding it longer, though, so my bladder’s more empty and your’s is more full!”

“T-this… that’s not fair, that wasn’t part of the game!”

“It’s not about the game anymore, you were being cruel, I wanted to remind you you weren’t in complete control!”

“Well, you’re sounding a lot more smug now that you’re not about to wet yourself!” Ciara frowned.

“Oh, I’m still about to wet myself. I’ve been holding on for so long,” Ayame admitted, “But let’s see who will wet themselves first? Of course, if we both make it to the end of our shift, you can go and I’ll still let you decide if I can pee.”

“There’s no way I’m letting you use the bathroom after this stunt you pulled!”

Ciara cursed, squeezing her thighs together as she coped with the extreme desperation. Ayame’s bladder had been much more full than hers, and having them equaled out now meant that she was holding into significantly more liquid than she was used to. Ciara let out another leak into her panties, grabbing herself desperately before any more could come out.

Ayame wasn’t in much better shape, despite holding onto less liquid. She was still desperately dancing around, moaning as she fought hard to hold back the inevitable flood.

Somehow, through sheer will, the two had managed to keep most of their pee inside of them for twenty minutes. Now there was just ten minutes left before the end of their shift. The only problem was that ten minutes was ten minutes too long.

Ciara had reached her limit.

“I’m going to pee, I can’t hold it, I can’t… it’s going to come out!” Ciara moaned, her whole body shaking as she fought desperately to hold it in.

Ayame was in a similar state, seemingly back to the height of her desperation from earlier. She was scissoring her legs with her hands clamped against her soaked panties. She let out another spurt and slammed her legs closed, shooting upright and begging, “No no, please stop please stop! I can’t… I’m about to wet myself.”

“Hurry up and wet yourself already so I can pee!” Ciara demanded unreasonably, doubling over on the floor and jamming both hands between her legs.

“Hah, as if either of us are making it to the restroom at this point. If I stand up now it’s all coming out, and I doubt you can get off that floor!”

Ciara frowned, but Ayame had the right of it. She was struggling to hold it in as it was. She could barely move. She was doubled over so much she was practically kneeling in prostration, hands clamped tightly over her crotch as she tried to fight back against the flood. She’d be looking straight down at the floor if her head was in its proper place on her body.

“H-how much time left now?” Ayame asked.

“S-still 5 more minutes,” Ciara answered, “But why do you care? It’s as you just said, there’s no way either of us are making it!”

“All I care about is holding it longer than you, or fulfilling my promise from earlier, even if you don’t pee before I do, as long as I make it to the end of the shift… ah!”

Another spurt escaped from between Ayame’s legs, splashing down and hitting the floor. The noise made Ciara nearly lose it herself. Her bladder sent waves of desperation through her body and she whimpered in desperation.

“You’re already leaking way more than me,” Ciara pointed out, “You’ve probably let out a lot already!”

“There’s barely a puddle!” Ayame bit back, “Trust me, if I let out enough to feel any amount of relief, the river might even reach you.”

“Y-you better not try to pee towards me when you finally lose it!”

“W-why not? You’ll be soaked in pee by the end either way!”

“S-stop talking about it, it’s making it worse!” Ciara complained. Suddenly a strong wave of desperation washed over her, and she cursed. She let out a spurt and clamped down, trying to taper the flow, but then she let out another spurt, and another, “N-no way… I can’t…”

“Oh please tell me you’re finally peeing!”

Ciara squeezed her legs shut and grasped at her crotch even harder, trying to physically hold back. She managed to avoid letting out any more leaks, but she could feel dampness soaking through her panties and into her frilly gothic lolita-style skirt. She had somehow managed to stop it, but she had reached the tipping point. One more wave of desperation, one more leak, and it would be all over.

Ciara’s phone chimed again, and she looked down. 2:00.

Ayame looked at the clock too, and let out a small, desperate cheer, “F-finally, shift’s over, and I didn’t wet myself.”

Ayame moved to slowly stand up, but she winced and she let another spurt out onto the floor. She cursed and doubled over, trying to stop it, and while she was able to taper off most of the flow, there was still a small trickle flowing through her panties and down her pantyhose. She was at her limit too.

“Ah fuck it, I can’t move and I can’t hold it anymore,” Ayame resigned. Almost immediately, a torrent of pee shot out of her, high-pressure and loud. It spattered across the ground and pooled at her feet, coming out so forcefully it soaked straight through her panties as though it were unimpeded. Ayame let out an orgasmic moan, throwing her head back and basking in blissful relief as she let 9-hours worth of pee flow out of her.

Ciara couldn’t take the sight. She wasn’t going to be able to stand up anyway. As she watched Ayame and struggled to hold on, thinking about what to do, a final leak escaped, and she knew what was coming. Her aching muscles gave out completely, and her damn also burst. Her flow was also strong, but it’s progress and sound was dampened by her thick, frilly dress. It soaked into the fabric as it ran down her legs, pooling on the floor. Ciara pulled herself upright to at least avoid soaking more than her skirt. She could move easier too, now that her bladder was currently emptying itself out onto the floor.

“Aahhhh,” Ciara moaned, getting lost in the pleasure of relief. It had been her second time in two nights wetting herself shamelessly, but this time, it had been for a purpose, even if that purpose had simply turned into some bizarre contest with Ayame that didn’t seem to prove anything.

The two both peed for well over a minute before either of their flows tapered off. Ayame, who had started peeing first, wound up stopping first as well, and Ciara’s flow petered out shortly after. The tiled floor of the break room was completely soaked, and the strong scent of urine filled the small, enclosed space.

“We’ve made quite a mess of the break room, haven’t we?” Ayame noted, observing the puddle.

Ciara looked around and realized with a blush what just happened, like she had been in some relief-induced trance, “Oh shit, and Hayato’s gonna be coming back here any minute.”

As if on queue, the door started to open, and Ayame rushed forwards. She bashed the door into Hayato’s face to daze him and struck him in the back of the head, knocking him out cold.

“Typical brother, probably forgot to drink blood before work. It shouldn’t be that easy to take one of us out,” Ayame shook her head, “Anyway that gives us about fifteen-”

“Mmhhhrrrggg,” Hayato groaned, still unconscious.

“Ten, about ten minutes to clean this up.”

“We can get the puddle mopped up just fine, but what about our clothes?”

“Oh, I told you earlier, I brought a change of clothes!” Ayame smiled.

“I meant for me!” Ciara pointed down to her drenched skirt.

“Oh, I have some for you too, Well, the panties I had to guess on, but I noticed that frilly skirt you were wearing yesterday.”

“Wait, if you brought me a change of clothes too…” Ciara’s brain clicked, “You planned all of this out from the start!”

Ayame hopped over to in front of Ciara and bent over to look her straight in her eyes. She reached down and placed a finger over Ciara’s mouth, caressing her lips flirtingly, “Oh, my darling Dullahan, I plan everything out!”

Her lips parted in a sly smile and she hopped over to her bag, grabbing the clothes she had prepared. They cleaned themselves up as best they could and changed before mopping up the two large puddles they had made.

“So, 40 questions, plus the 16 dots on my hand, plus probably a couple more in there from when I kept begging you to let me go, and the two you get for making it through the shift, though you were certainly not dry. Let’s call it 65. You get to ask me 65 questions about my brother,” Ayame finalized, “You don’t have to ask them all now. I’ll keep track, so you can ask me whenever you want to. And I won’t be stingy and count basic questions like ‘do you know where Hayato is?’ and stuff.”

“I have one,” Ciara asked, looking down at Hayato, still slumped over on the floor, “Who’s Rose?”

“Huh?” Ayame cocked her head to the side like a confused kitten, “Rose?”

“Yeah,” Ciara looked down sadly, “Hayato passes out on the couch a lot, at our apartment. He has nightmares a lot, he doesn’t talk about them when he’s awake, but… that’s the one name that keeps coming up. Again and again. He’ll call out for a ‘Rose’ in the middle of his nightmare, then he’ll wake up crying.”

“I… don’t know,” Ayame frowned, “As far as I know, my brother didn’t know anyone named Rose. In fact, the only person I know that could be named Rose would be… oh my god.”

Ayame looked down, her expression dead serious as she looked over her brother.

“What?” Ciara asked.

“The only person I could see my brother possibly having connections with named Rose would be Roseanne Tepes. She was the younger sister of Adrian Tepes. Hayato did make a habit of slipping away to some secret place without telling anyone where he was going. It's possible she's who he was meeting with."

“Tepes?” Ciara echoed, “But wait, you said Adrian Tepes was the last living heir…”

“That’s right,” Ayame confirmed, “Six months ago, a few days before Hayato betrayed the clan and decided to leave the Society, Roseanne Tepes was killed. Assassinated by the Masamune-Tojo Alliance.”

“But that’s…!”

Ayame looked down at Hayato solemnly, “That’s right, our clan.”

To Be Continued...
