The Senior Trip

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2022-07-18 06:12

This story is a commission. It involves a couple of seniors with an aversion to using public bathrooms getting stuck needing to pee on a field trip. I hope you all enjoy!

***

The sweltering summer heat beat down on the small school parking lot as Taylor stepped out of her car, shielding her eyes from the sun with her hand as she scanned the group of students for her friend. As she searched, she swept her dark brown hair over her shoulders and reached down to adjust the hem of her tight denim skirt. She also wore a thin white tank top which barely hid the vibrant orange bikini top she had on underneath. Ordinarily such attire would be inappropriate for a school outing, but she had graduated already, so this was barely even a high school trip anymore.

She spotted a slim girl with dirty blonde hair and smiled before making her way over to her. Her friend was wearing a light blue t-shirt that was tied to reveal her midriff, with a black pleated skirt that stopped halfway down her thighs.

“Hey Nicole! How’s it hanging?” Taylor called out as she came up to her.

Nicole smiled, “Taylor! Thank god you’re here. It’s so goddamn hot out, and I was super bored.”

“Oh yeah, it’s brutal today. Good thing we’re going to a water park!”

Technically it was an aquarium, but that was a distinction neither Taylor or any of the other students seemed to care about. It was the famous after-graduation trip to the Ocean and Sealife Center that all seniors could opt into. Unlike most field trips, the school paid for entry and transportation, but the trip was largely unchaperoned. Ostensibly it was supposed to be an educational look at marine biology, ecology, and other scientific studies, but all seniors saw it as a giant post-graduation celebration at the coolest water park in the state.

“Yeah, but the least they can do is let us on the buses early,” Nicole complained, fanning her face with her hand dramatically, “Like, I get we gotta wait for everyone to get here or whatever, but can’t we at least sit down?”

Taylor looked over at the two large charter buses the school got specifically for the trip. It was a two and a half hour drive out of the city and closer to the coast where the center was situated, so she wasn’t surprised they splurged for the trip. Imagining a ride that long on a standard yellow school bus sounded like a nightmare.

“Imagine how nice it’ll be to get to sit down in that AC,” Taylor spoke, gazing longingly through the windows of one of the buses.

“Oh yeah, is the AC in your Camry still busted?” Nicole asked.

“Yeah. I had the windows down, but I was dying on the way here. Oh!”

Taylor reached into the large bag slung over her shoulder and pulled out an ice cold water bottle.

“Want some water? I brought some for both of us. Of course, I chugged half of mine on the way here.”

Nicole reached into her own bag and held up a tumbler filled with ice and water, “I got my own. Thanks, though.”

Taylor nodded and put her bottle down, while Nicole took a large swig from hers. Suddenly, they noticed commotion from the crowd and one of the teachers came out.

“Okay everyone! Line up in an orderly fashion, and we’ll check you in one-by-one. Seats are two by two per row, so pair up if you want to sit together. You’ll have plenty of time to move as a group once we get there, so I don’t want to hear any complaining that you didn’t get to sit with your friends. You’re adults, please behave!”

“Works for me,” Taylor said, turning to Nicole, “It’s just us today, right?”

“Yeah,” Nicole nodded, “The others either couldn’t come, or didn’t want to.”

With that, the two paired up and checked in one after another. They were given their passes as plastic bracelets that marked them as part of the school group, which would allow them access to the park when they got there. They were then ushered onto the bus, and Taylor grabbed the window seat. Nicole plopped down next to her, and the two let out contented sighs as they basked in the glory of the air conditioner.

As Taylor leaned back, however, she felt a slight tinge in her bladder, and shifted uncomfortably. Her eyes immediately darted to the back where there was a single bathroom, as was common on these fancier buses. However, Taylor didn’t plan on using it. She hated using public restrooms, and pretty much avoided them at all costs.

This had led to a number of close calls and desperate situations for her, but it was all the same to her if she could avoid the nasty school bathrooms. Pushing her urge to the back of her mind, she leaned back into her chair and turned to Nicole.

“You ready for a two and a half hour drive?”

“No,” Nicole replied bluntly, making Taylor laugh.

The two watched as the rest of the bus was loaded, and the students were instructed to buckle up, though the teacher supervising Taylor and Nicole’s bus didn’t bother checking to make sure everyone had or not before giving the go-ahead. Taylor felt the bus lurch forwards and pull out onto the main road, and the seniors were all on their way.

“Ah shit,” Nicole frowned, shuffling uncomfortably. Taylor looked over at her and saw Nicole dart her head to the back of the bus.

“What’s wrong?”

Nicole looked around to make sure no one else could hear them, and then leaned in and admitted in a low whisper, “I gotta pee a little. It’s not too bad now, but we do have a long trip ahead of us.”

“Oh yikes,” Taylor replied. If they weren’t in a bus filled with other students, Taylor would’ve admitted that she also had to go. As it was, however, she merely asked, “Did you go before you left the house?”

Nicole shook her head, “I forgot, I was too busy texting Rose.”

“Ah,” Taylor nodded. She felt another twinge in her bladder and figured that, for the sake of making it through the long trip, she would steer the conversation away from the bathroom for now.

“Too bad she had that stupid vacation with her grandparents and couldn’t come with us.”

“Yeah, apparently it’s really boring. They got rained in for like, two days, and there’s terrible internet at the cabin where they’re staying. She’s pissed she didn’t get to come with us.”

“That does suck,” Taylor agreed.

Nicole pulled out her phone and grabbed her water bottle to take another swig, almost absentmindedly. Her legs shifted slightly as she drank, but other than that, Taylor saw no outward signs she had to pee. She hoped for Nicole’s sake that it wasn’t urgent. Nicole hated the school bathrooms almost as much as Taylor.

Taylor could feel the twinge slowly grow into a background urge, and her mind thought back to all that water she had chugged on the ride there. With her car’s AC broken, it was all she could do to stay cool and hydrated in the sweltering summer. Now, however, all of that was making its way into her bladder, and they weren’t even 10 minutes from the school yet.

Taylor wasn’t super worried, however. If there was one thing her aversion to public restrooms had given to her, it was a bladder of steel.

The two fell into silence, Nicole scrolling on her phone and Taylor gazing idly out the window. She considered joining her friend in browsing social media, but she enjoyed gazing out the window on road trips. It had become almost an unspoken rule for Taylor to take the window seat whenever they traveled together.

Taylor was able to ignore her bladder for the most part, but every once in a while she would become aware of how fast it was filling up. Worse still, she was starting to get a bit parched. She didn’t want to add more fluid than was necessary, especially if she was going to make it through the trip, but she couldn’t help it if she was thirsty. She reached down and rummaged through her bag, pulling out one of her water bottles and taking a swig before setting it down next to her between the seat and the window sill. It was probably just her mind, but the second the water hit her lips, Taylor could swear she felt her bladder fill up just that bit more, and she pressed her thighs together.

Aside from her filling bladder, the bus ride wasn’t that uncomfortable. The charter buses were comfortable and Taylor was perfectly content watching the city and pedestrians zoom past the window. Occasionally, Nicole would turn and share a funny image or meme to Taylor, but for the most part, the two sat in silence. It wasn’t until roughly 40 minutes into the trip that Nicole spoke up.

“Oh yeah, did you hear Jacob and Rose are dating?”

“No way. Those two, really?”

“Yeah, here,” Nicole held up her phone and showed Taylor a post with the two of them hugging and announcing their relationship, dated to a week ago.

“What the hell?” Taylor asked, “I thought Jacob was gay!”

“You thought Jacob was gay?” Nicole echoed inquisitively.

“Uh, yeah. He dated that prick Brandon, remember?”

“Oh shit, I totally forgot about that,” Nicole gasped, smirking, “Didn’t they break up, like, 2 weeks later?”

“Yeah, because Brandon was a prick,” Taylor frowned, reaching for her water bottle again, “But seriously, I can’t believe Rose is dating Jacob.”

“Same, honestly, but that was because I thought Rose was into you,” Nicole mentioned nonchalantly.

Taylor picked a bad time to try to take a sip. She choked and nearly spit out her water, and some made it down the wrong pipe, causing a bit of a coughing fit. Each cough squeezed her bladder, and even though she didn’t have to go that bad yet, for a second she thought she might actually leak a little.

Nicole reached over and rubbed her back until Taylor recovered, and when she finally did, she looked over at her blonde friend, “W-what? Why would Rose be into me?”

“Because she gets this super dumb grin every time she looks at you,” Nicole pointed out, “And she totally flirted you at Kevin’s Christmas party that one time. And she’s like, always staring at your ass.”

“Oh come on, she only flirted with me at the Christmas party because Kevin’s brother spiked the eggnog. And I don’t think smiling when you’re talking to a friend is really that weird,” Taylor pointed out before turning to Nicole directly, “Besides, YOU’RE always staring at my ass.”

“Come on, I’m your best friend. I’m allowed to stare at your ass. Platonically,” Nicole pointed out, before making obvious eye-contact towards Taylor’s shapely hips, “It is a nice ass.”

“Shut up,” Taylor rolled her eyes and crossed her arms, “Besides, clearly you were wrong, and Rose doesn’t like me, because she’s dating Jacob apparently.”

“Ooh, was that jealousy I hear? But like, for which one?” Nicole pondered, narrowing her eyes at Taylor

“Neither! Come on, Nicole,” Taylor shook her head.

“Right, right, sorry,” Nicole said, though Taylor was dubious as to how serious she was being. She then leaned in again and lowered her voice, “Honestly I just wanted to take my mind off of needing to pee.”

“Is it that bad?” Taylor asked, concerned. She briefly considered admitting to her own needs, but the thought of anyone else overhearing was enough of a deterrent not to.

“I don’t have to go that bad, at least not yet, but these bumps aren’t helping,” Nicole shuffled in place as she complained, her voice barely above a whisper, “We’re not even halfway there, though.”

“Well, hopefully you don’t have to resort to using that,” Taylor motioned to the toilet towards the back.

Taylor hated using public toilets in general. She couldn’t imagine what it was like to use a tiny toilet on a bus. She had been forced to use a plane toilet before, and given the choice between using one again and outright wetting herself, Taylor wasn’t sure which she’d rather do. Knowing Nicole, she wasn’t any more eager to resort to the charter bus’s facilities.

“Yeah, that would be super lame,” Nicole scoffed, “I should be fine, though.”

Despite Nicole saying that, she didn’t sound super confident. She wasn’t openly desperate yet, but then again, neither was Taylor, but she was acutely aware of her own filling bladder. Her urges were still at the point where she could push them to the back of her mind, but every once in a while, a bump would trigger a wave of urgency that Taylor had to actively fight.

The two continued to chat idly, mostly gossiping about their friends and the other seniors, trying to avoid any who were on the bus and could overhear. They talked about Jen and her three-boyfriends incident, the drama between Geoff and Craig which had nearly started a school-wide civil war, and of course, what their entire senior class had unanimously dubbed “Promageddon”.

The discussions managed to burn a decent amount of their remaining trip, but it was quickly becoming harder and harder for Taylor to keep her mind off of the fullness in her bladder. It was a sensation she was accustomed to, given her tendency to avoid public toilets at nearly all costs, and part of her actually enjoyed the fullness.

The other part of her, however, was acutely aware that they still had nearly an hour left on their trip, and each bump, each sharp turn, and every time the bus slowed down and sped up, the movement transferred straight into Taylor’s bladder, which was sitting full in her abdomen.

Nicole didn’t look much better. She was staring at her phone like before, but Taylor could tell she was unfocused, and she was bouncing a leg up and down as she leaned forwards slightly. She had also gone back to her water bottle less and less, and her thighs were rubbing tightly together. An outsider probably wouldn’t be able to tell, but Taylor knew her best friend. Nicole had to pee.

Suddenly, they hit a really rough bump, and Nicole visibly clenched up, raising her legs and shuffling in place as her eyes widened in panic for the briefest of moments. It seemed to subside quickly, but she was sitting even stiffer than before, and Taylor could see her knuckles clenching the hem of her skirt tightly. The bump had also sent a wave of desperation through Taylor, but it hadn’t affected her nearly as much.

“You holding up alright?” Taylor whispered.

“Y-yeah, I’m fine,” Nicole refused to look up from her phone, “My bladder’s like, really full, though?”

Taylor’s own bladder spasmed, and Taylor finally resolved to share her own needs with Nicole. She looked around, making sure no one was listening in, and lowered her voice to the quietest whisper, “I’m pretty full too.”

“Well, I guess I’m glad it’s not just me, then,” Nicole smiled, “You think you can make it through the trip?”

“I should be asking you that,” Taylor pointed out, “You look worse off than me.”

“I’ll be fine, it’s pretty urgent, but nothing I’m not used to,” Nicole pointed out.

“Same here,” Taylor nodded, “Hey, did you want to play a road trip game to get our mind off of things?”

“Pfft, no,” Nicole shot down immediately, “That sounds super lame.”

“Come on,” Taylor suggested, “It’ll help us get our mind off of our bladders.”

“Fine, fine,” Nicole rolled her eyes. She shuffled and leaned forwards to see out the window, “So, what, like I spy?”

“Sure,” Taylor nodded. She leaned forwards, taking care not to put too much pressure on her bladder, and glanced around until she spotted what she wanted to use, “I spy with my little eye, something gray.”

Nicole crossed her arms, “You’ve gotta be kidding me. That’s, like, 80% of the cars on the road.”

“Yeah, but which one?” Taylor asked.

Nicole shook her head, “Ugh, fine, that CX-5 over there.”

Taylor looked to where Nicole was pointing, but there were at least three vehicles that way.

“Which one’s the CX-5?”

“Oh, that SUV with the stupid jesus bumper sticker. It’s a Mazda CX-5.”

“No, it wasn’t that one,” Taylor shook her head, “But wait, you know cars?”

“Yeah, I know cars,” Nicole shrugged, “I like cars. You didn’t know that?”

“No I didn’t know that,” Taylor crossed her arms, “Since when do you like cars?”

“Since I got my license.”

“You got your license a year ago,” Taylor pointed out, “You’ve never told me you like cars.”

“I thought I did,” Nicole shrugged, “Well, anyway, if it’s not that one, then it’s gotta be the Corolla, right? That’s the dark gray car with the electrical tape on the tail light.”

“No, it wasn’t that one either.”

Suddenly, the bus ran over a rather large bump, and both Taylor and Nicole immediately both winced in recoil. Taylor crossed her legs together and stifled a loud eep of surprise as she danced around in her seat, and Nicole almost doubled over and discretely jammed her hand between her legs for the briefest of moments until she regained control.

“This game sucks,” Nicole complained, “I gotta pee.”

“Me too,” Taylor whispered in agreement, “How much longer until we get there?”

Nicole checked her phone and groaned, “Fourty minutes left.”

Taylor tried to gauge her fullness. She was starting to get desperate now, and her bladder was still filling up. She didn’t mind the pressure building in her abdomen, in fact, she held it so frequently she actually found that she enjoyed it, but the nagging thought that she’d be forced to use the awful toilet in the back of the charter bus still made her worry if she could hold it until they got there.

Nicole herself looked really desperate already. She was barely able to keep herself still, and Taylor bet Nicole wanted nothing more than to openly hold herself and put much needed outside pressure against her straining pee hole. The blonde’s hair bobbed from side to side as she shuffled in her seat, and Taylor was about to ask if she was alright before Nicole let out a defeated sigh and reached for her seatbelt.

“I really gotta go,” Nicole announced, still whispering.

“You’re gonna use that shitty toilet?”

“I don’t want to, but I don’t know if I’m gonna make it,” Nicole admitted.

She undid her buckle and stood up, making a shaky beeline for the back bathroom. She was tossed around a bit as the bus bounced and turned on the rather curvy stretch of road they were on, and Nicole had to stop more than once. She knocked on the bathroom door and entered, only to emerge not too long after, and head back to her seat, looking no less restless or uncomfortable.

“That was quick,” Taylor pointed out.

“I didn’t go,” Nicole frowned, rubbing her knees together desperately, “There was piss all over the seat. I bet it was Hank. He was like, the last person to go in there I think.”

“Aw, goddamn it Hank,” Taylor frowned, “Are you going to be okay?”

“I don’t know,” Nicole admitted, “But there’s no way I’m sitting down on that thing.”

As the trip continued, it seemed like time slowed to a crawl. Taylor knew it was likely because both of them were growing more desperate by the minute. Nicole had fallen silent, burying herself into her phone. She was shuffling restlessly, twisting and crossing her legs as though trying to find that perfect spot where she’d be able to find just that little bit of comfort. Taylor was all too familiar with the feeling.

Her own bladder shot a desperate wave through her and she was forced to briefly grab herself, pulling up her skirt and jamming a hand between her legs as she squeezed her eyes shut. She took careful breaths as she clenched her teeth together and waited for the desperation to subside. She managed to fight off the wave, but just barely.

Taylor tried to stare out the window for something to distract her, but it was impossible to ignore the pressure in her bladder at this point. She reflected on it, the feeling of fullness she felt so many times. All those times she barely made it through the day, rushing home absolutely bursting and finally letting it out on the toilet. All the times she didn’t make it, where she was forced to duck behind a bush or find somewhere stealthy to hide to relieve herself.

It almost excited her, but now, she found that she was just checking her phone and hoping that the time on their trip would count down to 0. More for Nicole’s sake than her own.

When there was 20 minutes left into the trip, Nicole let out a quiet gasp and openly jammed her hands between her skirt. No one else was paying attention, thankfully, but it was clear to Taylor that Nicole was reaching her limit.

“Taylor,” Nicole asked, a clear blush on her face, “D-do… do you have a spare pad?”

Taylor rummaged around through her bag and found some, “Yeah. Why?”

“I can’t hold it anymore,” Nicole admitted, “I’m going to pee into one, a little bit. I have to let some out.”

Taylor hurriedly handed her a pad, expecting Nicole to rush back to the bathroom. Instead, she started opening it up right there, and Taylor panicked.

“What? Here?”

“Leslie just went into the bathroom,” Nicole said, “I’m like, seriously going to wet myself if I wait.”

Taylor looked around. The seats were large enough and divided enough that they just might be able to get away with it. Taylor was worried for Nicole, but thanks to her friend’s tied t-shirt, she could see the bulge of Nicole’s bladder. She really was bursting.

“At least switch with me so you’re not in the aisle seat,” Taylor suggested.

The two girls awkwardly, and desperately, maneuvered around each other, and with some difficulty Nicole managed to sit herself down in the window seat. She waited a brief moment and stopped when she noticed that some people were watching them because of their sudden movement. Nicole waited there, legs shaking as she tried to hold it until interest in what they were doing faded. Taylor made an effort to look like they were still gossiping, and luckily that helped lose the interest of everyone watching them.

The second the coast was clear, Taylor nodded to Nicole, and she unwrapped the pad. She unbuckled her skirt and shoved the pad down underneath the waistband of her panties, holding it in place with her hand. She pressed it tightly against her pee hole, and let her aching muscles loose. Almost immediately she heard a short hiss as she let out a spurt. Her bladder spasmed and she bit her lip to stifle a gasp. She let another spurt out, weaker as to not make any noise, and then another. She felt the pressure against the pad with her hand as she continued to pee in short bursts, too afraid to let it flow freely. Nicole was sure that if she got a steady flow going, she wouldn’t be able to stop it.

Each time she stopped it felt like all of her pee was slamming against her aching pee hole like a battering ram trying to force its way out, however she could feel her actions relieving some of the pressure. She kept letting out leaks into the pad until it was saturated, all too soon. She had obtained merely a modicum of relief, but it would be enough to last the rest of the trip.

She removed the pee-soaked pad and Taylor handed her a plastic bag. She tied it off and tossed it into her bag. She’d have to throw it out later.

“I don’t think anyone noticed, I was keeping lookout,” Taylor mentioned.

Nicole let out a sigh of relief, “That’s good. I really needed that. I still gotta pee like crazy, but I was like, actually about to piss myself before.”

“God, I couldn’t imagine doing something like that,” Taylor blushed, “Honestly, I might’ve just used the dumb bathroom at that point, disgusting or not.”

Nicole smiled, “That’s super lame, though. This was way more fun.”

“What the hell?” Taylor asked.

“Oh come on,” Nicole crossed her arms, “I mean, I literally just peed, right here, and didn’t get caught. Isn’t that, like, super cool?”

“No,” Taylor shook her head, “What if someone saw you?”

“I’d probably die of embarrassment,” Nicole shrugged, “But the important part is no one did.”

Taylor shrugged, “Anyway, we have 15 minutes left. Did that buy you enough time?”

Nicole nodded, even as she squeezed her thighs together desperately, “Yeah, it did.”

Taylor wasn’t sure if it was the adrenaline of what Nicole had done, or the fact that they were almost there, but the last stretch of the trip went by in a flash, and soon the two charter buses were pulling up to a designated spot near the entrance. Taylor grit her teeth at the large, flowing fountains displayed prominently at the front, right in front of a large sign reading “The Ocean and Sealife Center”. It was appropriate for an aquarium, but the running water did nothing to help Taylor’s full bladder, and she imagined Nicole was equally bothered.

“Let’s hope the teacher bullshit doesn’t take too long,” Nicole spoke as they both stood up unsteadily, “I really gotta go.”

“Me too, I’m bursting,” Taylor agreed.

The two headed out and gathered in a crowd with the other students as the teachers gave out basic instructions. Taylor wasn’t paying attention to any of it. She really needed to pee, and all she could do was shift her weight from foot to foot as her full bladder nagged her for relief. She hated public bathrooms, but anything was better than going on the bus.

Nicole next to her was bouncing up and down, thighs rubbing together. The relief of pressure from earlier had helped, but not nearly enough, and not only was she back to feeling like she was ready to burst, but having tasted relief had only made it worse somehow. Nicole felt a particularly strong spasm shoot through her aching bladder, and she wasn’t able to stop a small leak from escaping into her panties before she could clamp the floodgates shut.

The briefing dragged on for far too long for either of their tastes, and as soon as the teachers dismissed all the students and ushered them towards the check-in, Taylor and Nicole were half-running, half-hobbling to make it through the gates.

They managed to push towards the front of the crowd of students, and as they passed through the check-in gate and had their wristbands scanned, Taylor felt a wave of desperation crash into her. She grit her teeth and buckled her knees, trying not to break out completely into a pee dance as she desperately hoped she wouldn’t leak.

She managed to make it through, and as soon as Nicole was in after her, the two made a beeline for the one thing they’d never consider using any other time-- the public restrooms. However, the second they made their way to the signs, their faces dropped.

“What the hell? Why are the lines so long? It’s not like they just opened,” Nicole frowned, bobbing up and down desperately.

“I know, and none of them are in our group! This can’t be that busy of a day, can it?” Taylor added.

Before she could answer that, another strong spasm hit her bladder, and she doubled over. The wave was particularly strong this time. Taylor tried to clamp her thighs together and squeeze as hard as she could, but she couldn’t stop a small leak from spurting out of her and into her panties.

“Shit,” Taylor grit her teeth, “Nicole, I can’t hold it.”

“Me neither,” Nicole agreed. She looked around frantically, eyes scanning their surroundings as they both danced desperately, “Here, follow me, there’s that outside area over there.”

Taylor followed Nicole into an outside courtyard that looked like it connected many different parts of the aquarium. This was worse, though, because there were multiple fountains, and large waterfalls in the center framing an art piece depicting a variety of sea life.

“This running water is not helping, Nicole!” Taylor said through gritted teeth.

“I know, hold on!” Nicole shot back. She scanned the area and her eyes lit up, “Over there.”

Nicole pointed to a small side fountain that was somewhat out of the way. It was off any of the main paths and it didn’t look like anyone was around it. She dragged Taylor to the fountain.

“Okay, now we just slip off our panties, hike the back of our skirts over the ledge, and we can pee into this fountain while sitting down. It’ll look like we’re just resting,” Nicole suggested.

“Are you kidding me, I’m not doing that!” Taylor blushed, crossing her arms, “Seriously, you dragged us out here for that?”

“Well, it’s either that, or we could wait in that super long line for the bathrooms,” Nicole pointed out, “We’re kind of out of options, and time.”

Nicole looked around to make sure no one was watching before tucking behind a wall near the fountain and slipping her panties off. She bunched them up and tossed them into her bag before motioning over to Taylor for her to do the same.

“There’s no way in hell,” Taylor blushed.

“Fine, suit yourself,” Nicole rolled her eyes. She scooted herself onto the stone and carefully hiked her skirt up so it looked modest while not blocking anything between her bare crotch and the water. She made sure she was far enough back that her ass was hanging over the edge, and was about to let lose, when Taylor doubled over again.

“Oh shit, I’m gonna piss myself,” Taylor whined, “Fine, I’ll do it.”

In one swift motion, Taylor joined Nicole on the edge of the fountain, and both of their dams practically burst. Nicole metered her flow and tapered it off to a quiet trickle, while Taylor couldn’t help but piss openly and forcefully into the fountain. Taylor threw her head back and sighed as she felt the beginning of relief was over her aching bladder.

Nicole was hunched forwards, panting and letting her overfilled bladder slowly drain away into the fountain. Her muscles had only tasted relief earlier, but even now she was taking care not to make her stream too loud or obvious. She glanced over to make sure Taylor’s wasn’t being too obvious, but luckily Taylor had stayed pretty hydrated. Her pee was a pale yellow that disappeared quickly.

Unfortunately, Nicole’s own stream was much less dilute, coming out as a strong golden yellow. Taylor looked over and noticed that obvious clouds of pale yellow were emanating from there end of the fountain. Her eyes widened, and she panicked.

“Nicole, we have to stop, people are gonna notice!”

“No, I can’t, I’m not even halfway empty yet!”

“Seriously, we’re turning the fountain yellow!”

“Damnit, fine,” Nicole grit her teeth.

Both girls fought desperately to stem the flow, and while Taylor managed it easily, Nicole had much more difficulty. Her muscles were strained and she had already stopped before. Not to mention despite having let out a decent amount of pee, far more than the pad had absorbed, her tired muscles and all the stopping and starting had only made Nicole’s desperation worse.

“Now what?” Nicole asked, “I’m super desperate still.”

“Is there another bathroom around?” Taylor asked, though neither of them were familiar with the layout of the aquarium.

“I don’t know, but let’s find something quick, I’m like, really about to piss myself.”

The two girls hobbled around for somewhere, anywhere to relieve themselves. They soon spotted another sign for restrooms and made a beeline for it. Taylor’s bladder screamed in protest as she barreled down the hall towards relief, and Nicole was leaving droplets of pee on the floor. She couldn’t hold it anymore without leaking, and she didn’t have to worry about it anyway, considering she wasn’t wearing panties.

The two finally made it to the bathrooms, which were down a long, out of the way hall that didn’t seem to lead anywhere else. Taylor rushed over to the door to the ladies room and tugged on the handle, expecting it to swing open, but it caught almost instantly, it was locked.

“No, you’ve got to be kidding me,” Taylor cursed, “The one time I WANT to use a public restroom!”

“Fuck,” Nicole doubled over as shef let out a longer spurt onto the floor, “I’m trying something.”

She rushed over to the door to the men’s room and it swung open no problem. Nicole rushed in and Taylor reluctantly followed.

Nicole barely had time to hike up her skirt and position herself over one of the urinals before she lost control completely. Pee gushed out of her like a waterfall, splattering both into the urinal and onto the floor. Nicole let out an almost orgasmic moan as she finally allowed herself to fully relax and relieve herself.

Taylor briefly considered just using a stall, but Nicole had already crossed the bridge. Taylor rushed over to the stall next to Nicole’s and hiked up her own skirt before joining her friend.

Despite Nicole’s utter torrent, Taylor’s stream was even messier, and she had to stop and adjust a few times before she made it directly into the urinal. When she did finally allow herself to relax, it was bliss. She all but forgot they were two girls peeing into urinals in a men’s bathroom, and could be caught any time.

If that bothered Nicole at all, you couldn’t tell it from her face. Nicole’s eyes were hazed over as she took in the absolute, blissful relief. Holding through that long bus ride, and then having to start and stop multiple times to not get caught, had brought her to the brink. Rather than just relieving herself after holding it for a long time, she had legitimately lost complete control as soon as she was positioned over the urinal. A second too late, and she’d be pissing uncontrollably on the floor.

Despite starting later, Taylor finished before Nicole, her stream trickling off and dribbling into the floor beneath her feet. She let out a heavy sigh and turned to Nicole. Taylor prided herself on having a bladder of steel, but for Nicole to still be peeing, she had to have been holding way more than Taylor thought.

It felt like forever before Nicole finally stopped, and even after, rather than fixing her skirt or moving to wipe herself, she just sat there, panting in utter relief. It wasn’t until Taylor tapped her on her shoulder and handed her some toilet paper she grabbed from one of the stalls that Nicole even moved again. The two wiped themselves off and dropped their skirts.

“Goddamn, I really had to pee,” Nicole said.

“Same,” Taylor agreed, “I can’t believe we used urinals, of all things.”

“I guess technically we didn’t have to put our asses on some grody toilet seat, right?”

“I’d agree with you, but we had our asses on that fountain earlier.”

“Yeah, but that was way more fun, until you stopped us. Seriously, I came super close to pissing myself.”

“With how long you pissed here, there’s no way you wouldn’t have turned that whole fountain yellow,” Taylor pointed out, “We would’ve been caught for sure.”

Nicole let out a defeated sigh, “I guess you have a point there. And honestly, if I hadn’t stopped when I did, I probably wouldn’t have been able to.”

Taylor nodded triumphantly before she turned to the door, “Now, let’s get out of here before someone sees us. Actually wait, we should put our panties back on.”

“I’m gonna leave mine off, to make it easier if I need to relieve myself somewhere before we leave. There’s like, no way in hell I’m getting on that bus without my bladder completely empty. Maybe you should leave yours off too.”

“Why would I do that?” Taylor crossed her arms.

“Because we both know you hate public bathrooms as much, if not more, than me,” Nicole pointed out, “Also it’s more fun.”

“You’re impossible,” Taylor shook her head.

“Also maybe if I’m lucky I’ll get a nice view of that ass.”

“Really?”

“Like, platonically, I mean.”

“Whatever, let’s just go before someone catches us.”

“Yeah, let’s.”

The End

