Does Janhvi Ever Pee? - Page 2

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2024-10-19 23:56

GREAT STORY!

Every part of it is awesome - the descriptions of the desperations, the roommates frantically rushing to pee, the roomate who held her pee, that roommate's boyfriend making her hold her pee... everything about this story is Top Tier!

*001*2024-10-20 03:29

{{On 10/19/2024 at 5:43 AM, Lameone24 said:

Hoping for a sequel.

}}

I haven't thought of it but let's see what can be done about it. 🤩

{{3 hours ago, Gregory10031 said:

GREAT STORY!

Every part of it is awesome - the descriptions of the desperations, the roommates frantically rushing to pee, the roomate who held her pee, that roommate's boyfriend making her hold her pee... everything about this story is Top Tier!

}}

Yaaaaaayyyyyyy! I opened the site and the first thing that I saw was your comment. You made my day... Thank you so soooo much for your appreciation! I can write such stories for you too. 🥹🥹🥹

{{On 10/19/2024 at 6:51 AM, Roronoa Zoro said:

I have a question.Were The people. that shared the same room with the bathroom connected to it.Were they all women or was it like one guy and 3 women cause?I don't know if that's stated in the story that they were all women

}}

So the way I imagine it is that the gang stays on a residential campus. All the four girls stay in the girls' hostel sharing one room which has an attached bathroom while it is implied that Janhvi's boyfriend stays in the adjacent boy's hostel...what do you think?

*003*2024-10-24 18:19

{{20 hours ago, The Drip Files said:

This is one of those stories where, in real life, all of this would be unconscionable.... But in fiction, it I'd the hottest thing I've ever read. Thank you!

}}

Thank you.. Thank you so much. You rightly said. Because this story is fictional i could push it to extremes 😃

*006*2025-01-07 18:15

{{On 1/6/2025 at 5:37 PM, holdit247 said:

This is superb Rex, great reading and great writing!

I'd like to see a sequel focused on the boyfriend. What training has he done with her, and maybe what has he done with girlfriends that were before Janvi? How did he persuade them to try it? So much potential.

And I'd like to model myself on him 😉

}}

Your appreciation made my day! Thank you so much buddy. Though the sequel is not planned (as of now), whenever I write it, I will make sure it's inspired from your journey! 🤩

