Omomonogatari

Author: Railgun-sama

*010*2020-04-03 11:37

So, three years is a bit much to be considered a hiatus, and in truth I had entirely planned on dropping this story completely after my return to this site, but after encouraging words from a fan on one of my more recent stories and the fact that I had a basic framework for the story already planned out, as well as just generally being a fan of the Monogatari series and how it's written, I figured I'd give revitalizing this story a shot. So, without delaying this LONG overdue continuation, here's the next part.

004

The next day, at school, a feeling of anxious unrest grew in the pit of my stomach as I waited for lunch.

Well, for starters, Sodachi was there, and her gaze kept falling upon me suspiciously. There were actually quite a lot of things I wanted to ask her, but right now didn’t seem like a good time for any of them. There was the hospital band she had dropped yesterday (though I couldn’t be entirely positive she had dropped it on accident, considering the timing), but also in general I kind of wished things hadn’t gone so poorly between us after I told her how me and Yuuki met.

But it could easily be said that the issues between me and Sodachi were all a kind of side-story. Actually, if I were to describe it, I would call it more an afterthought than anything.

The main plot here was me drugging Sanae with diuretic to see if she had truly struck up a partnership with a Fortune Toad.

Well, how I was going to do it was simple enough, provided I got ample opportunity to do so without being noticed.

Sanae, being a rather health-conscious person, drank water throughout the day to stay hydrated. To achieve that goal, she could more often than not be found with a plastic water bottle sitting at the foot of her desk throughout the school day.

During lunch, where most of the students in the classroom would rush to either purchase meals from the school’s cafeteria, or to claim the roof or other ideal eating locations, Sanae would often leave the classroom as well. I had never paid too much mind to whether she was also buying lunch, going to the bathroom, or simply walking a little to stretch her legs, but why she was gone didn’t matter.

The important part was that I’d have enough time to snatch her bottle up and slip the diuretic into it.

The problem was….

Well, if not everyone left the classroom, or if I was caught, the dubiousness of that kind of situation would likely lead to another scandal.

No, forget just a simple scandal. If I was caught drugging the water bottle of a girl in my class, being forced to resign as Class Representative would be the least of my worries.

Perhaps I was exuding some sort of nervous, anxious, suspicious aura that Sodachi was picking up on. At any rate, she kept staring at me, drilling holes into the back of my head the whole day thus far.

With half the day over already before I knew it, the familiar sound of the lunch bell rang, and everyone trampled over one another to free themselves from the classroom.

In the end, I was left in the classroom with Sodachi.

Actually, that was probably the worst possible matchup.

After all, while I was sitting down, Sodachi’s eyes were still on me. Even if she looked away for a second, the second I moved she would notice and turn her attention back to me immediately. That would be a problem even if Sanae’s desk was next to mine.

But in reality, her desk sat on the other side of the classroom.

I frowned. What was I going to do about this situation?

“Hey, bonehead.”

That insult came from behind me.

Even if it hadn’t, there was only one other person in the classroom.

Perhaps it was because I was nervous about what I was about to do, but I felt myself shaking as I turned my head to face the silver-haired girl behind me.

“Y-y-y-yes?” I asked, stuttering conspicuously.

Sodachi didn’t look amused.

“You’ve been nervously avoiding my gaze, even though most days you glance back at me over your shoulder like you have something you want to say. It’s been like that since you told me those adventures of yours with our Ex-class Rep, but today’s the first day something’s been different. I’m not so unobservant that I wouldn’t notice you acting differently. Tell me, have you come to despise me after our conversation yesterday?”

“I was under the impression that you were the one who had come to despise me…”

That’s what I wanted to say.

I wanted to point out to that twintailed girl who looked down on me no matter what that she was acting very much like she despised me. That, in fact, she had only ever acted like she didn’t despise me for an incredibly brief amount of time.

In fact, if I had gone with that, I might have been able to produce an uncomfortable atmosphere that Sodachi felt inclined to leave. I could, with that, drive her out of the classroom. Even if she wouldn’t budge, I could make a scene and find Sanae to give her the diuretic some other way. I could do that without raising suspicion.

However, Sanae’s problem was the least on my mind at that moment.

Actually, my mind turned towards our conversation yesterday.

Or rather, what I had found after our conversation yesterday.

“Actually, there was something I wanted to ask you about, but I wasn’t sure how to approach you,” I slipped into that angle immediately.

“Approach me?”

I reached into my pocket and produced the medical bracelet I had found yesterday.

I had wanted to wait until resolving the situation with Sanae before asking her about it, but it was something that had been bothering me all night. I could no longer put it off now that Sodachi was talking to me.

I placed it on the table silently, keeping it close in case Sodachi tried to snatch it from me.

Even if she had, I already knew the name on it.

“‘Oikura Sodachi’,” I replied, “That’s the name on this bracelet. It’s written with the kanji for old (老, oi) the kanji for cellar (倉, kura) and the kanji for growing up (育, sodachi). In other words, exactly the way your name is written. This bracelet was yours.”

Sodachi remained silent.

“Well, yesterday you were absent. But someone like you, who prides themselves in all their studies despite being obsessed with only mathematics, wouldn’t skip class for the pathetic reason that you were trying to avoid your classmate who told you some ridiculous story about curses and eels and vampire limbs. But if you were at the hospital during school, something bad must’ve happened, is that right?”

Sodachi continued to look at me with an expression I couldn’t read.

“So I’ll ask earnestly, as someone who doesn’t despise you. Are you okay?”

Sodachi let out a light sigh.

“You’re wrong,” She said simply.

“Huh?”

“You’re wrong. I’m petty enough to skip class for the sake of avoiding you. I didn’t want to see you on the day we were supposed to have tutoring. It just so happened that I was due for a check up, and I scheduled it during class so I had the excuse that I was at the hospital. In other words, I used my doctor’s visit as an excuse to avoid seeing you. That’s all. Don’t read too much into it.”

With that, Sodachi turned to the side and stood up.

“Huh, you’re leaving?”

Sodachi looked back at me, who had uttered that dumb-sounding question, and frowned.

“I only addressed you because I wanted to know why you were acting strange. If you were bothered by this the whole time, my answer to your question should be enough. In mathematics, a problem that’s already been solved doesn’t offer anything worth looking over.”

With that, Sodachi left the classroom completely.

I was now alone in the classroom.

I had received an unsatisfactory answer to a question I had posed, forgetting myself and my mission. But now that Sodachi was gone, my mind snapped back to the water bottle beneath Sanae’s desk.

In the end, it was disturbingly easy to drug her water.

By the time anyone had returned to the classroom, I had already mixed the diuretic in thoroughly and screwed the bottle cap back on. In fact, I was already sitting back down, so there wasn’t even the risk of looking suspicious hovering around the other side of the room.

Sanae even came back, but as usual she had returned with juice from the vending machine and would not start sipping at her water until lunch was over. I occasionally glanced over at her, but otherwise lunch was relatively normal. Sodachi had returned some time after Sanae, cutting it close to the end of lunch period.

I would’ve liked to question her more, but there was something about her body language that told me I wouldn’t get anything more out of her, and if I said the wrong thing she might wind up leaving again even if it meant skipping the next class.

Unfortunately, the next class wasn’t mathematics, so it wasn’t like I had the confidence that Sodachi wouldn’t leave for petty reasons.

So, even though it made me uneasy, I put that problem out of my mind and turned my attention towards the black-haired girl sitting across the room from me. She was my focus right now. My job as a specialist took priority, since a high school student wandering around with a Fortune Toad could wind up being really bad.

It didn’t take long for something to happen.

About five minutes into class, Sanae shifted forward slightly and reached for the water bottle at her feet.

Out of the corner of my eye, I watched her unscrew the cap. Slowly, she brought the bottle to her lips and took a small sip.

Suddenly, her eyes widened, and she let out an audible squeak that interrupted even the teacher’s lecture. However, instead of responding in embarrassment, Sanae simply eyed the water bottle in amazement.

“This water is really refreshing!”

The usually poised and composed vice class-representative exclaimed.

Without noticing the strange looks of those around her, Sanae downed the rest of the bottle in one go and let out an exaggerated sigh of content.

Only then did she seem to realize the commotion she had caused.

Everyone had their eyes on her.

Her face lit up like a stop light and she bowed in apology, “Please forgive me, I seem to have done something rather unbecoming of me.”

Like that, she slipped back in her proper attitude.

The teacher asked if she was okay, but Sanae simply waved the notion something was wrong off with her hand and smiled as the blush faded from her face.

I was trying not to look too nervous myself, even watching her embarrass herself like that.

Does everyone react that way to the diuretic no matter what it’s put in!?

Well, I think that question had already been answered.

Either way, it was only a matter of time now. After all, I had put in more diuretic than with my cousin last night, since Akane had told me she had been holding it in since before she drank my tea.

Sure enough, not too long after, I saw the telltale signs of Sanae’s reaction to the drug. It was subtle, like something you wouldn’t notice if you weren’t looking for it. It was something that could easily be explained away by restlessness or pent-up-energy or nervousness, but Sanae’s leg began to bounce slightly.

Well, being the class representative, it was natural for me to be paired up with the vice-class representative for various projects and other discussions, so I was a bit more conscious of her habits than most people. She wasn’t the kind of person who would restlessly shake her leg from pent up energy. If she was shaking her leg, it definitely meant she was feeling uncomfortable because her bladder was filling up.

Sanae’s expression had turned to one of recovering from embarrassment to one of slight concern. She wasn’t letting it show, but her desperation was probably building quite quickly. It was the period right after lunch, so it wasn’t like she could even give a good reason for needing to use the bathroom so soon. Either way, it was doubtful the teacher would grant her permission to leave the classroom.

Only a few minutes later, Sanae’s movements had become more frantic, knees and thighs pressing together as she wriggled around in her seat. She kept glancing up at the clock anxiously, and her forehead was wrinkled in discomfort. I watched her, waiting to see if the Fortune Toad would appear again. Even if I turned away, the first thing I’d do upon glancing back at her is making sure she still looked like she had to go to the bathroom. As long as she was still desperate, it meant that she had not redirected her misfortune.

As class went on, I watched the black-haired girl grow more and more restless, doing things like squeezing her eyes shut and rubbing her abdomen in distress. She wasn’t holding herself, but the hand she wasn’t using for taking notes was rubbing up and down her thigh as it shook. Beads of sweat were forming on her forehead, but whether they were out of worry or from the effort of holding it in I couldn’t tell.

Suddenly, Sanae’s eyes shot open and she jammed her hand between her legs, straightening her back and clenching her teeth in concern. She glanced around worryingly and I snapped my head back towards the front of the class. I felt her gaze pass over me and continue on to make sure no one had noticed her plight.

A few minutes later I felt confident enough to look back without being noticed, and Sanae looked much worse. Her hand was still firmly jammed between her legs and she was shaking in her seat, her eyes gazing unfocused at the board as she concentrated only on holding it all in. Her chest was rising and falling in uneven breaths as she struggled to fight the diuretic she had no idea was working against her.

I continued to watch Sanae carefully as she struggled with her desperation. I was waiting for any sign of the Fortune Toad appearing, but so far, Sanae had not given up using natural means-- which was, of course, holding it in-- to survive this ordeal.

Halfway through class, she was doubled over her desk, trembling in the effort it took her to hold it. By now, surely some others had noticed her desperation, but she didn’t seem to be concerned with upholding appearances anymore. Still, it wasn’t like she could ask to use the bathroom. She had already disrupted the class, and it was just after lunch. The teacher would definitely not let her leave. She glanced up at the clock and her eyes squeezed shut in despair, likely realizing she was not going to make it to the end of the class period like this. She then glanced to the side and our eyes nearly met before I looked away quickly. However, out of the corner of my gaze, I noticed that she was not looking at me. She was looking just behind me. That was the desk where Oikura Sodachi was sitting.

With shaky motions, Sanae straightened herself up, and she closed her eyes like she was concentrating. Not too long after, her whole body relaxed like she had peed herself right there, but there was no accompanying indication that anything like that had occurred.

Instead, for a brief second, the Fortune Toad made itself visible.

And in the next moment, a quiet squeak came from behind me.

I turned around, and Oikura Sodachi was looking down at herself with wide eyes. She then jammed a hand underneath her desk and squeezed one eye shut as she whimpered. She then glanced up at me and glared fiercely at me, like I had anything to do with her current predicament.

Well, technically I did, but it wasn’t like I had intended for her to get desperate or anything.

Either way, she was mad enough at me already, so I turned around and pretended to do my schoolwork.

Glancing back at Sanae, she was still wriggling around a bit, but something about it seemed forced and unnatural, like she had realized other people had noticed she had to pee, and was trying to act like she still did. It only confirmed my suspicions, she had redirected the misfortune of having to pee onto Sodachi.

With that confirmed, I was fully prepared to allow myself to relax.

But, there was another problem.

Namely, Sodachi behind me.

I wasn’t watching her, but I could hear her. Every soft moan, every sharp intake of breath. I could hear her skirt ruffling as she rubbed her thighs together desperately. I could hear her socks scratch against each other as she crossed and uncrossed her legs.

I tried to tune it out, but every time I heard something else, I practically saw Sodachi sitting there behind me, squirming around and legs twisted together in an effort to hold in her sudden, unexpected desperation.

We still had fifteen minutes left when Sodachi doubled over her desk, growing dangerously close to me as I sat in mine. I could feel her warm breaths as she panted, and each whimper only sounded that much more intense.

I gulped and leaned forward in an attempt to distance myself from Sodachi, but naturally, I couldn’t get very far. So, I continued to endure the noises that silver-haired girl was making behind me as she struggled to hold her pee.

Even though I was the one who had indirectly caused this situation, I felt like I had been caught in some kind of trap. Like somehow that exhibitionist woman I call my mentor had predicted his outcome, and encouraged it to corrupt me.

When there were still five minutes left in class, I felt a light tap on my shoulder from behind me.

I turned around, and Sodachi looked absolutely pitiful. She was practically half-sprawled on her desk, wriggling around in obvious desperation, with a hand firmly shoved between her legs. Tears pricked at the corners of her eyes, and I don’t think I had ever seen her make such a vulnerable expression, even when she had wet herself after we got locked in the classroom.

“You,” she replied, her tone still harsh despite her expression, “Ta-take responsibility… for this!”

“W-what?” I asked in a surprised, yet hushed tone.

“I know… you had something to do with me being like this now… so… take responsibility and fix it.”

“Even if I did have something to do with it, what do you want me to do?”

“.... Something… quickly….”

Sodachi slumped further down, squeezing both of her eyes shut as she trembled in her seat.

“Not… gonna make it…”

“Even if you say that, there really isn’t anything I can do about this.”

“I know this is your fault somehow, so hurry up and do somethi-!!”

Sodachi cut herself off as she jammed her other hand between her legs as well and shot upright. She was shaking furiously and her expression looked strained like she was on the verge of wetting herself.

“Sensei!” I called out, standing up and raising my hand. Suddenly, all eyes fell on me, and I quickly stood to hide Sodachi in her obvious predicament. I glanced over my shoulder at her, and Sodachi herself had regained just enough composure to hide her intense desperation.

“Sodachi isn’t feeling well. As the Class Representative, I’d like to escort her to the nurse, is that alright?”

“Well, there is only five minutes left of class, so I suppose it’s fine,” the teacher conceded.

I glanced behind me and Sodachi stood up shakily, trying to walk as straight as possible with her full bladder. I could feel everyone’s eyes on us as we left the classroom together. No doubt that would start more rumors, but I wasn’t concerned about that anymore.

The second we got out into the hallway, Sodachi jammed both of her hands between her legs again and began hobbling as quickly as she could to the bathroom. We only made it about halfway down the hall when she moaned and doubled over.

“I can’t hold it anymore! It’s gonna come out!”

She said that out loud shamelessly before bolting the rest of the way to the girl’s bathroom and rushing inside. I waited outside the bathroom patiently, and by the time Sodachi had emerged from the bathroom, the bell to signal the end of class had rung.

Sodachi stepped out looking much more relieved, but also a bit stiff, and stepped past me.

“Sodachi-san, wait up, I-”

“Do not think I’m going to act all grateful for you saving me from a humiliating situation. You were the one who got me into the mess to begin with.”

“That’s not true. Not entirely, anyway. I did intend for Sanae to become desperate to see what kind of Oddity she was possessed by, but I never intended you to get caught up in it!”

“But in the end, that’s what happened, and your actions were the catalyst. Is that an accurate assessment of the situation?”

I turned away.

“Well, yeah, you could say that, but-”

“Then in the end, all you did was fix a problem you caused in the first place. One plus negative one. That’s zero.”

Sodachi walked away from me, clenching her fists by her sides as she stomped off.

I let out a heavy sigh and closed my eyes. My relationship with Sodachi hadn’t improved at all but at least I had confirmed Sanae possessed a Fortune Toad.

I turned to head back to class, and noticed both Sanae and Yuuki walking towards me. Sanae had a hand jammed between her legs again, and I realized that the diuretic wouldn’t have just worn off after she foisted her desperation onto Sodachi.

As she passed me by, however, her eyes narrowed at me and she turned to me and smirked, whispering, “Nice save.”

She and Yuuki disappeared into the bathroom, and I felt a chill run down my spine. That girl with a Fortune Toad at her disposal was dangerous. There was no way I could let her just do what she wants with no consequences.

005

“So, essentially, after being desperate for half the class, this Senryuu Sanae basically transferred her desperation to Oikura Sodachi… is that what you’re telling me?”

Grimoire had asked that question immediately following my summary of the events during class, after I had drugged Sanae with the diuretic. As I talked, she was doing something that looked a lot like rolling cigarettes, but actually she was wrapping thin, sharpened wooden stakes in special charms for vampire-hunting.

“Yes,” I replied, “In other words, I’ve confirmed that Sanae is, in fact, possessed by a Fortune Toad.”

“Hmmm,” Grimoire frowned, holding up one of the weapons she had just created. At first I thought she was dissatisfied with the way it turned out, but then she followed up with, “But are you sure you’ve actually confirmed that?”

“What do you mean? You were the one who told me to test Sanae-san with the diuretic. Are you saying that test still isn’t enough?”

“No. But isn’t it true that you’re still jumping to conclusions, Takashiro-kun?”

I tilted my head to the side in confusion, and Grimoire sighed like I was a lost cause.

“What I mean to say, aren’t you jumping to the conclusion that what you saw was the redirection of misfortune?” Grimoire asked. She started on another stake, and continued on without waiting for a reply, “In the first place, do you even fully understand what redirection of misfortune is?”

“Wouldn’t that be taking something bad that’s happened to you and instead transferring it to someone else?”

Grimoire half-smirked, “Close. It’s taking something bad that is about to happen to you, and transferring that onto someone else. That distinction is crucial. If the bad thing has already happened, then any transfer of it to another person has to be the effect of something else.”

“But wouldn’t Sanae still fall into that category?” I asked, “I mean, she redirected her desperation to Sodachi before she wet herself. That’s still a redirection of misfortune, right?”

“Wetting yourself certainly seems like misfortune, but in reality it’s only the result of the misfortunate situation of being caught with a full bladder at the wrong time. In other words, the fact that Sanae was desperate at all means she didn’t automatically redirect any misfortune. That’s the sole ability of the Fortune Toad, so why wasn’t it working? The answer is because Sanae is not in possession of a Fortune Toad at all.”

My eyes widened.

Even if that were the case, it still looked like, both times, that Sanae had redirected misfortune.

Furthermore, a toad did appear on her shoulder both times misfortune was misdirected.

“You’re probably thinking something along the lines of, ‘that’s impossible. I saw the toad myself,’ or something like that. But let me ask you, do you think the Fortune Toad is the only entity shaped like a toad in the world of Oddities?”

“So, are you saying there’s an Oddity that both looks like a toad and has the similar ability of redirecting bad things from happening to somebody?”

“No, there’s nothing like that,” Grimoire replied, “If there were something that was that similar to a Fortune Toad, it would be a pain for us specialists to deal with. Actually, if there was an oddity that was different from a Fortune Toad, but had a very similar ability, over time it would pretty much become a Fortune Toad. However, there are other toad-like entities that might have control over other things, but could manipulate those other things to make it look like they were redirecting misfortune in these two situations.”

I tilted my head to the side, “There’s really an oddity like that? I mean, first of all, what’s the connection between these two incidents? I thought they were both Sanae redirecting misfortune, but if you’re telling me that’s not what happened, then they just seem like two random coincidences.”

Grimoire smiled, finishing another stake and standing up.

“If I told you all the answers, I wouldn’t be much of a teacher, now would I? It’s up to you to figure this one out. Though, I’d hurry if I were you. I’m sure Sanae-chan won’t sit still now that she knows you’re looking into her directly.”

That red-haired woman who wore her hoodie immodestly unzipped turned towards the staircase of the parking garage and started down it.

“Wait!” I called out, “Where are you going?”

“Huh? Where do you think I’m going? To do my job!”

With that, Grimoire continued down the staircase, grabbing some of the stakes she had just been working on and holding them between her fingers like she was ready to throw them at a moment’s notice. That lone vampire-exorcising specialist, who was possibly the only specialist currently in Japan, was going out to hunt tonight.

006

Even though Grimoire had told me to figure it out on my own, in the end, all I could do was wrack my brain until it became so late it was time for me to get ready for bed. I found myself soaking in the tub after showering, staring down at the reflection of the scar on my right arm where it had been severed and a vampire’s limb had been attached. Rising out of the water were my legs, which, halfway up the thighs, also bore similar scars.

In addition to those limbs, my eyes were also the red eyes of a vampire. They had been replaced later on, due to other circumstances that occurred after I had met Yuuki, but before I met Sodachi. I had been given them for the sole purpose of allowing me to use more of the latent vampiric powers locked away in my limbs.

Well, that was another story for another day.

“A connection…”

I muttered to myself, choosing to ignore the twisted body I now possessed.

I needed to find the connection between the incident with the coffee can and the incident with Sanae transferring her urge to pee over to Sodachi.

“There’s a connection, but what?”

What tied the scenario where Sanae miraculously avoided getting splashed by the coffee can to her transferring her desperation to Sodachi? If I assumed the toad-like oddity would exclusively be able to manipulate one thing, what one thing was being manipulated in both situations.

Unable to come up with an answer, I reached down and splashed myself with water from the bath. I had intended the action to help clear my mind, but instead my eyes widened as I realized just what that connection was.

“Water! Of course it’s water! Toads and frogs are amphibians, so there’s got to be a frog oddity that is associated with water! Sanae was manipulating the water in the situation, but she was throwing me off by making me think she had a Fortune Toad instead!”

Satisfied with my conclusion, I sprang up and grabbed my towel, drying myself off and rushing out of the bathroom. I passed Akane on the way out, and she looked over at me with a surprised expression.

“What’s with you, Haru-nii?”

“Ah, I managed to forget to pick something up at the bookstore! I want to get there before it closes!”

“What? But you just took a bath!”

“This is important!”

I didn’t have any books on oddities, and if Grimoire was busy dealing with a vampire, I would need to do the research on my own. In truth, it was probably a good idea to pick up some books on oddities anyway. So far, I’d been spoon-fed all the information I’ve needed from Grimoire, but if I was going to be a self-sufficient specialist, I’d need my own information sources.

I was dressed and rushing out the door in no time flat.

Above me, the sky was overcast, like it was ready to rain, but grabbing an umbrella would only slow me down. If anything, I could run really fast and minimize the time I was caught out in the storm.

Since it was nighttime, I could charge forward at full power without worrying about using my vampire abilities. I rushed past dead intersections and sprinted down empty sidewalks. It felt like I was the only one out tonight. Not that I had a license yet or anything, but even if I could drive I feel like it would’ve taken me longer to reach the bookstore.

However, just as I reached the final stretch, I caught a familiar figure out of the corner of my eye.

A girl still wearing our school’s uniform, with long black hair and brown eyes.

Senryuu Sanae.

She was standing in the road, seemingly unbothered by the fact that it was about to rain. But more importantly, she was staring directly at me, with a smirk playing across her lips.

“My my, Takashiro-san,” she replied in that ever teasing tone, “You’re in a hurry.”

But then, suddenly, she added something new. Something very un-Sanae-like, for lack of a better term.

“Did something good happen?”

I don’t know if it was because something about that seemed off, but my body recoiled at those words and I slowed down. I didn’t stop moving, but it felt like the world around me came to a halt as we made eye contact.

Then, the frog-like oddity on Sanae’s shoulder flickered, and something unusual happened.

My right shoulder burst into flames.

“GGGahhhhhh!” I cried, grasping my shoulder with my other hand. The fire receded quickly, but the burning sensation persisted. I looked down at the injury and noticed that it looked like someone had cut through my shoulder with a blade.

However, Sanae had nothing like that with her.

Moreover, despite it looking like a normal injury, my vampiric arm wasn’t healing as quickly as normal.

“Surprised?” Sanae asked, grinning, “Sorry, but I won’t tell you my secrets~ After all, I’m going to exterminate you now~”

“Exterminate?” I asked incredulously, “What are you doing, exactly? I’m a specialist, too, and at the very most I wouldn’t even qualify as a half-vampire. I’m off-limits.”

“Hmm? Off limits by that account, maybe,” Sanae nodded, “But you’re doing something rather unsightly. You’re a human who’s going around using vampire abilities to deal with oddities. Actually, you’ve very specifically added vampire components to your body to increase the amount of vampire abilities you can use. That would be enough for me to want to exterminate you."

“You say that like you have other reasons to exterminate me.”

“Ahahaha, Indeed I do~!” Sanae smiled, “But those aren’t things you need to worry about. Your life is about to end right here. I’m sure you’ve already figured it out, but I’m currently in command of a powerful oddity.”

“That toad on your shoulder!?” I asked, “You tried to make me think it was a Fortune Toad, but I know it’s something different!”

“Oh? So you figured that much out?” Sanae asked, “Well, even so, you can’t win this late in the game without knowing exactly what it is. Actually, even if you did know, you probably still couldn’t win. With my next move, I’ll tear off your left leg.”

Even though she said that, I was on edge. Either she had so much confidence that she was fine telling me exactly where her next attack would be aimed at, or she was trying to distract me. Either way, I tensed all my muscles and prepared to react to her movements. Without so much as waving a hand, however, the frog on her shoulder flickered into view again, and I lunged backwards. A sharp, burning pain erupted across my left leg right at the knee, and I nearly collapsed.

“Oho~ You managed to keep your leg! Still, you can’t move around very far like that!”

Even though my leg was in pain, I still launched off of it and started running. I didn’t want to fight Sanae if I could help it, but I wasn’t going to let myself be killed for some unknown reason.

In the first place, there was still a lot I didn’t know about Senryuu Sanae.

Why was she trying to kill me?

Was she actually a vampire-exorcising specialist?

And, most importantly, why did she wait until now to attack me?

I reached into my pocket and pulled out my cell phone. Even if she was busy, calling Grimoire in this situation would be best.

However, as I raised it to my ear, a sharp pain shot through my right arm again and I dropped the phone on the ground. Even though I was running, Sanae was keeping pace with me rather well, likely due to my injured leg.

“I won’t let you call for backup!”

I turned around, trying to see where she was attacking from. However, once again, I couldn’t see any sort of physical weapon.

But wait, wasn’t that wrong in the first place? I knew she was attacking with the help of the frog-like oddity on her shoulder. If I was right, and that thing was manipulating water, then her attack must be water-based, rather than a physical weapon.

Actually, considering that it was a water-based attack, and considering it was preventing my injuries from healing despite my vampiric limbs, she had to be attacking with holy water, specifically.

That wasn’t something you could condense out of the air even if there was moisture. In fact, even if it started raining, she wouldn’t be able to just make more of it on the spot.

So she had to have some sort of supply.

Knowing that, I just had to find it.

Whirling around, I felt blood spurt out of my leg injury as I put weight on it. However, I worked through the pain and lunged back at Sanae directly.

Sanae seemed caught off by my sudden offensive, and leapt backwards. She fired another attack off at me, but once again, I couldn’t see where it was coming from. The attack struck my right leg near the shin, and I tripped and stumbled across the ground as the holy water burned my vampiric limb.

However, in the moment I fell, Sanae had perhaps let her guard down. I was at a lower vantage point, and the oncoming storm was whipping up a lot of night winds, so her skirt was fluttering up ever-so-slightly. It wasn’t to the point where I could see her panties, but there, strapped to her thigh, was a water bottle likely containing the holy water I was looking for.

Now that I knew where it was, if I could somehow get a hold of that bottle and drain the holy water from it in a way where Sanae couldn’t use it, I could disable her main weapon.

On the flip side, her attacks were too fast for me to respond to them, and I was already injured.

In other words, this was a one-sided battle of endurance where I needed to complete a specific goal in order to win.

Still, bemoaning that fact wouldn’t get me anywhere. I had to keep charging forward no matter what.

I pushed myself off the sidewalk and once again lunged at her, using all my strength and reaching out with my right hand. Sanae stepped backwards and a large cut ran across my right arm, bursting into flames as the holy water burned me. I winced, but continued onwards, reaching for that precarious position under Sanae’s skirt. Once she realized what I was going after, she twisted her body to protect the bottle and grabbed my right hand with her own. With a particularly powerful strike, I watched as a spear of razor-sharp holy water emerged from the bottle and severed my right hand.

The stump of my arm burst into flames, and the hand Sanae was grabbing onto burned away into dust. I clutched my newest injury in my left hand as Sanae looked down at me and waggled her fingers.

“You shouldn’t be trying to stick your hands up girl’s skirts, you know!”

However, just as that had happened, the straps Sanae had used to strap the water bottle to her thigh ripped off and the bottle fell to the ground.

Before she could even realize what had happened, I grabbed the water bottle with my bloodied left hand and poured its contents down a nearby storm drain before casually tossing the water bottle over my shoulder.

Sanae looked like a poker player who was confident they’d win with a straight flush, only to find out that their opponent had a royal flush in their hand the whole time.

“W-w-w-w-w-what? What did you do!?”

“I wasn’t just reaching for the water bottle,” I replied, “that would’ve been my ideal situation, but I was sure you wouldn’t let that happen. So I turned my fingers into claws and cut at the straps you were using to hold the water bottle instead. Well, you didn’t notice because you cut off my hand and it burned away before you could notice my fingers.”

Just then, the first drops of rain fell to the ground, striking Sanae in the forehead as she looked at me blankly.

As if the cloud was a crumbling dam, the second that first drop fell, the rain quickly picked up into a straight-up downpour.

As Sanae stood there, frozen, something else happened.

She suddenly squeaked and grabbed at her skirt, as something else fell down from it.

That something else was a pair of pink lace panties.

They were very risque panties, that only had enough fabric to cover the bare minimum of what would be considered decent in both the front and the back. Tied straps connected the two pieces like a swimsuit.

Well, they used to connect them, but it seemed that one of the straps had been cut.

Those panties fell to the ground and immediately became soaked with the rain.

Sanae was making a face that seemed like she was at her limit.

I was trying to project the air of someone who had nothing to do with the situation that just unfolded. As though Sanae’s panties falling down had nothing to do with me, and was merely an unfortunate accident that neither of us had control over.

“You... I want to die. I’m going to kill you, and then I’ll die!”

Sanae said that extreme thing, and at first I just thought it was an eruption of the utter embarrassment she was feeling.

But then, the rain around me moved.

Sanae’s frog-like oddity appeared, fully visible this time, as the rain twisted into watery tendrils. They wrapped around me, binding me in place, and Sanae formed a water spear that seemed to be spinning like a drill.

Even if it wasn’t holy water, something like that striking me would hurt.

Actually, something like that striking anywhere but my vampire parts would probably kill me outright.

There was only one thing I could do at this point, and that was use my vampiric abilities that I could not draw out just from having vampire limbs. I was going to tap into a vampire’s ability to manipulate the world around them without interacting with it physically.

In other words, I was going to have to use magic.

I could do this by asserting my dominance over my vampire limbs using the eyes I obtained in the last incident I had to deal with. I prepared to call out the name of the vampire who owned these limbs and these eyes in order to use that magic.

“Die!”

Sanae yelled, motioning forwards. As the drill approached me, I opened my mouth.

But then--

In an instant, the drill and tendrils had entirely disappeared.

It wasn’t like Sanae had decided her actions were foolish and simply dispelled her own attack due to some hesitation. It wasn’t born of something touching like she had seen me as a classmate rather than a monster in the last instant and decided she couldn’t go through with it.

Nor was it that I had stopped the attack with my abilities. In the first place, I hadn’t even had the chance to speak.

No, someone new had appeared, and it seemed that, just by him appearing, the attack disappeared. That person was a scruffy looking man in his mid-to-late 30s, wearing shorts, sandals, and a hawaiian print t-shirt.

“Phew, looks like I made it on time.”

He sighed around an unlit cigarette he held in his mouth. At first, I had thought it was simply unlit because it had been extinguished by the rain, but on closer inspection, the cigarette didn’t look like it had ever been lit in the first place.

“You!?” Sanae asked indignantly, as though she had seen the strange man before.

“Who are you?” I asked the man, standing over me with his arm outstretched. There seemed to be some kind of item in his hand, but I couldn’t quite see it from my position. I imagine whatever it was, it was what had dispelled Sanae’s attack.

“My name is Oshino Meme, it’s nice to meet you.” that man replied casually, as though he were merely introducing himself to someone he met at the convenience store, “I’m going to start negotiating with this dangerous specialist-in-training for your life now, so let’s take this somewhere else.”

To Be Continued... (Not in 3 years this time, I promise!)

*012*2020-04-24 07:18

Here's the next part! Don't really have much to say about this one, other than it's a little exposition heavy. Most of that is to set up for stuff that's going to come later, though, but unfortunately that means there isn't a whole lot of substance in this chapter. There is a desperation scene, though, because I wouldn't leave you guys without one of those! Anyway, without further ado, here's the next part!

007

Apparently, there had been a lot going on behind the scenes.

Well, saying it was stuff going on behind the scenes wasn’t entirely correct. It might have been behind the scenes from my perspective, but if you looked at things from Sanae’s perspective, it was basically the main story.

Actually, there’s a particular word in the English language that seems to embody that kind of sudden realization. Sonder, or to realize abruptly that everyone around you, every single passerby, every person you’ve ever seen, has a life as long, detailed, and vivid as yours.

Well, I’d be surprised if they all had lives that got them wrapped up in vampires and other oddities, but that didn’t make me unique or special. It just made me a rare exception where I encountered things most people don’t on a daily basis.

Sanae was, apparently, another exception.

We had all moved to an abandoned building that used to be for some kind of business, but was now broken down with shattered glass and graffiti lining the walls. Oshino sat on what used to be a reception desk, with one leg dangling over the end and the other one raised so he could use it as a makeshift armrest.

Me and Sanae were sitting traditionally on the floor below. Sanae in particular looked rather uncomfortable, holding down her skirt with both hands as a last line of defense.

“Takashiro-kun,” Oshino spoke, “Right from the start, I’d like to apologize. I’ve been doing a lot of negotiating on behalf of Senryuu-chan and her mentor lately, but I seemed to have overdid it. I tipped the balance in her favor too much, and she got carried away and tried to do something extreme. The fact that you had to get wrapped up at all is my fault, so sorry about that.”

“N-n-no, that’s fine,” I held up my hands, “I don’t really understand what’s going on in the first place, so I’m just glad things didn’t escalate any further.”

“With that out of the way, I’d like to begin,” Oshino nodded to himself before turning to Sanae, “Senryuu-chan, I’d like to know why you, without being prompted by your mentor, decided to go ahead and exterminate Takashiro-kun.”

“It should be obvious,” Sanae replied stiffly, “It didn’t take me a long time to realize that Takashiro-san had the limbs of a vampire. The way he acted gave it away. Sometimes his shirt sleeves would fall when he raised his hand in class and I’d see a tell-tale sign of the talisman sealing his arm. He always wore long pants even during the summer when it was way too hot out. Then he got those red eyes. I suspect he used some sort of vampire magic to prevent normal people from noticing, but I noticed. He’s a monster who’s stolen the body parts of a vampire and is somewhere between a human and an Oddity.”

“Ah,” Oshino replied, “But… since he’s somewhere between a human and an Oddity, it means dealing with him, from a vampire-exorcising specialist’s perspective, isn’t something you should be concerning yourself with. In the first place, what are the things that are considered undesirable in terms of a vampire? First, you have the fact that a vampire will inevitably feed on a human being for survival. Second, you have the ability of a vampire to create kin. If there were a way to get vampires to agree to not eat humans and not create kin, vampire exorcists would become vampire negotiators instead. Usually, this is impossible, but Takashiro-kun’s not a true vampire, and he doesn’t possess fangs. Even if he was more vampire than human, he’s still essentially the ideal kind of vampire who can coexist with humans.”

Sanae frowned, shifting uncomfortably, “So, because he can exist peacefully with humans, we should ignore that he’s unnatural? He’s dangerous. He has the strength and some of the powers of a vampire. Shouldn’t that be enough to qualify him for extermination?”

“You’re naive if you believe having the ability to hurt someone is enough to regard someone as dangerous. You, after all, also possess the power to kill. You proved that earlier tonight with that frog of yours. Yet, if I called you dangerous and tried to exterminate you, you’d probably throw out some half-baked excuse like ‘I’m fighting against oddities, so it’s okay’. You’re being awfully hypocritical for someone so seemingly intolerant of oddities.”

Sanae seemed to have nothing to say to that. She merely squirmed underneath Oshino’s scrutinizing gaze.

“Unless, of course, there’s another reason you were trying to kill Takashiro-kun here.”

I instantly remembered the conversation Sanae had with me before she attacked him. She had indeed said something about having other reasons to want me dead. I glanced over at Sanae, who merely made an uncomfortable noise and tried to shrink down where she sat.

“Hit the nail on the head, it seems,” Oshino replied.

Sanae averted her gaze, looking behind her as if there was something over her shoulder. At first, I thought she had been looking at the invisible toad-like oddity on her shoulder, but then she turned to look over her other shoulder as well. It seemed more like she was worried someone else, someone dangerous to even her, was watching us.

“I was forced to, I didn’t have a choice,” Sanae replied, “It possessed my little sister, and threatened to kill her if I didn’t comply.”

Oshino tilted his head back in intrigue, while I found myself frowning.

“Who wants me dead badly enough that they’d hold your little sister hostage?”

Sanae turned away, fidgeting nervously under both mine and Oshino’s scrutinizing gazes.

Oshino stepped in, “I am a very good negotiator. My job as a specialist, as you know, is mediating peace between humans and oddities. I might be able to talk to this oddity and resolve this issue in a way that would allow Takashiro-kun to keep his life.”

Sanae turned to me, a hesitation in her eyes. It felt like my life was being weighed against the value of her sister’s. Then her eyes hardened and she frowned.

“I’m sorry, I can’t, my sister is-”

“That’s enough.”

A fourth voice came from out of nowhere, and I nearly jumped out of my skin. Actually, it would be more accurate to say that the voice had come from within my own mind, but I could tell from the other’s reactions that they had heard it too. Whatever was speaking to us was communicating telepathically, it seemed.

Oshino seemed to be the first to notice whoever it was who had spoken. His head turned upwards and he let out a noise halfway between a laugh and a scoff. Sanae and I both turned our gazes up to follow him, and Sanae let out a gasp.

There, standing vertically on one of the support pillars for the building in stark disregard for the law of gravity, was a black cat with red ears and two red tails. The tips of the cat’s ears and tails were burning with wispy red flames, and it’s eyes were a bright, piercing yellow.

As soon as we had all noticed it, the cat jumped down, landing elegantly on the ground before us and looking up.

“I was the one who asked Senryuu-san here to kill Takashiro-san.”

“You…” Sanae frowned, glaring at the black cat angrily, “This is all your fault!”

“Yes, it seems I’ve instigated quite a complicated situation here. For that. I apologize.”

“Ah, this has become a rather convoluted situation,” Oshino noted, “I’m sure there’s a specific story behind why a Kasha would be going after a human with vampire limbs.”

A Kasha. A mythological cat youkai that stole the corpses of the dead. Well, that was the myth, anyway. I had no way of knowing if actual Kasha stole corpses, of if the oddity had a different purpose altogether.

“Indeed,” the kasha spoke.

“A Kasha,” Oshino turned to me and Sanae, presumably to explain, “Is an oddity that concerns itself with ‘corpses’, as the legend goes. Or, in particular, it’s an oddity that goes after the spiritual energy left behind by inanimate objects that have been discarded.”

“Huh?” Sanae asked, tilting her head to the side.

“Well, how do I put it?” Oshino asked himself, “Ah, have you ever heard of tsukumogami? They’re the concept of inanimate objects that, for one reason or another, come to life. The concept extends beyond just special objects. Theoretically, any object could become an oddity, provided it accumulates enough spiritual energy. However, usually objects don’t accumulate spiritual energy naturally. It takes a special link between an object and a person to start gathering spiritual energy.

Even gods are just normal things, either animals, people, or objects, that were worshipped by enough people for long enough that they became oddities. Of course, this also means that things that aren’t oddities can eventually become them. There are two things in the natural world that prevent this. One is an entity called ‘the Darkness’ that consumes oddities that pretend to be something they’re not. That way, simple oddities can’t arbitrarily become stronger oddities. The other are the Kasha, beings which gather spiritual energy from inanimate objects and prevent them from becoming tsukumogami.”

“Incidentally, corpses are also something that can become an oddity,” the Kasha explained, “that’s how we got our association as corpse-robbers. After all, bodies are more naturally inclined to accumulate spiritual energy, since they used to contain a soul. Moreover, humans typically mourn the passing of others, so corpses become the center of a lot of people’s prayers and attention.”

“Ah, I see,” I replied, “that does make sense.”

“But wait, I still don’t understand why you wanted me to kill Takashiro-san.”

“Hmm, yes, that is the core of the issue here,” Oshino pointed out, “Why would you, as a Kasha concerned with preventing the formation of tsukumogami, want to eliminate a human?”

“I thought it would be the simplest way to accomplish my own goals,” the Kasha replied, “Simply put, Takashiro is an obstacle, and I thought it best to get rid of him.”

“An obstacle?” I echoed, tilting my head to the side like a confused puppy.

I wouldn’t say that I was a normal high schooler, but however you looked at me, it would be hard to call me an obstacle for a Kasha. Even approaching it from the angle that I was training to be a specialist, I was being trained by a vampire hunter, and while I myself wasn’t particularly fond of the idea of being a vampire-exorcising specialist, it wasn’t like my role as a specialist-in-training had anything to do with encouraging the formation of a tsukumogami, or preventing a Kasha from destroying one.

“Simply put, I believed that your ties to Oikura Sodachi would put you in direct opposition with me.”

Sodachi.

I hadn’t expected her name to come up. Or rather, I hadn’t expected her to have any other connections to the supernatural world besides me. Perhaps that sounded conceited, but obviously there were more layers to this that I did not understand. Like a mathematical problem that required you to know multiple formulas to attain the correct answer.

“You see, us Kasha destroy Tsukumogami. But we don’t destroy all Tsukumogami. I could go into details of how we determine which Tsukumogami are the most in need of being destroyed, but in general our goal is to minimize the effects of a Tsukumogami on the outside world. It’s fine if a Tsukumogami butts in on matters of the supernatural, but the second one starts interfering with the natural order of the world outside the supernatural, it becomes a problem and must be eliminated.”

“I still don’t see what that has to do with Sodachi,” I replied, “Sodachi-san isn’t a tsukumogami, she’s my classmate.”

“Correct, but that’s the problem. In fact, a lot of things have been happening that shouldn’t be happening,” the Kasha noted, “In order to determine whether a tsukumogami poses a significant threat to the world outside the supernatural, we Kasha have a certain amount of clairvoyance, or perhaps I should say a certain understanding of fate of the world around us. Simply put, the life of Oikura Sodachi has been thrown off course by the actions of a very dangerous tsukumogami.”

“What do you mean by that?” I asked, puzzled.

“Oikura Sodachi was supposed to move in with an elderly couple living in Osaka, the Hakobe family. She was supposed to start attending Shishikurosaki High School. Well, I can’t see much beyond that point, because obviously that didn’t happen, so now her fate is shifting.”

“Well, if that’s what was ‘supposed’ to happen or whatever, I am curious as to what made her move to this city,” I began, “But I still don’t see what that has to do with that.”

“You’re looking it at things the wrong way, Takashiro-kun,” Oshino chimed in, “You’re a specialist in training, so you have to be able to flip your thinking around a little. Rather than ‘I don’t see what Oikura Sodachi’s changed fate has to do with a tsukumogami’, think instead ‘because a Kasha has gotten involved, it’s likely that a tsukumogami was responsible for Oikura Sodachi’s changed fate’ and go from there.”

“In this case,” the Kasha continued, “Oikura Sodachi’s decision to start attending school here, and why she’s still living in an apartment, is because she recently encountered a tsukumogami that made her move here instead.”

“What kind of tsukumogami?”

“A corpse tsukumogami. A strong one, too,” the Kasha continued.

“Okay, but why do you want me to kill Takashiro-san over it?” Sanae asked irritably, “And why did you drag me and my sister into it?”

I looked over at Sanae. She was glaring at the Kasha angrily and shifting around uncomfortably. At first I had assumed she was grabbing at her skirt for the sake of preserving what was left of her dignity after I inadvertently cut her panties during our fight, but now she had both hands jammed between her legs and she was fidgeting around uncomfortably.

Actually, come to think of it, I had used a rather large dose of diuretics on her earlier today. It was possible she was still feeling the effects of those.

“Oikura Sodachi has been taking care of this particular tsukumogami. Moreover, I think she’s at least somewhat aware of its supernatural nature. On top of all that, she knows that Takashiro-san is a specialist with the limbs of a vampire. If I were to attack the tsukumogami indiscriminately, she would go to Takashiro-san for help, and I would wind up fighting 2-on-one with a human empowered with vampire body parts and a powerful tsukumogami. That is a fight I would not be able to win.”

“But why did you drag me into it?” Sanae asked angrily, still squirming around as she sat in place.

“Simple, as a vampire-exorcising specialist-in-training, I figured you would both be experienced enough to be able to combat a human with vampire powers, but inexperienced enough to not understand why a human like Takashiro-san would be off-limits from a specialist's standpoint. Plus, you were already harboring a grudge against Takashiro-san, so I figured you would be the easiest to convince to take him out. All I had to do was add the threat against your sister.”

“Oh? That’s quite manipulative of you, Kasha,” Oshino mused, “But I suppose you’re admitting all this because you intended to put an end to this farce in the first place.”

“Indeed. Once I saw that you would get involved, I realized I was making a mess of things.”

“I got involved because, coincidentally while meeting with an old friend, I realized the disciple of one powerful vampire-exorcising specialist was about to take out the disciple of another powerful specialist. Grimoire-chan and Hanatabe-kun are already bitter rivals. I’m pretty sure if Sanae-chan had succeeded in taking out Takashiro-kun, there would’ve been a rather disastrous battle on our hands. While trying to avoid fighting your own battles, you nearly caused an even bigger one.”

“Yes, I realize that now,” the Kasha bowed its head apologetically, “Please forgive me.”

“So you’ll stop manipulating me and let my sister go, right?” Sanae asked, however, without waiting for a response, she shot up, “Great! Alright, I’m going home!”

She immediately bolted for the door as soon as she had finished. I understood the source of her haste. She had looked uncomfortable from the start of our conversation and her need had only grown. The fact that the remnants of the diuretic I had given her were still working against her only made things worse.

“Wait just a minute, young lady,” Oshino replied firmly, stopping Sanae in her tracks and leaving her dancing in place desperately, “The fact that you were manipulated does not mean you’re absolved of all responsibility. Also, the Kasha mentioned you having a preexisting grudge against Takashiro-kun. Not like it’s my place to meddle, but if we could get to the bottom of that, I’ll rest easy knowing you won’t go after Takashiro-kun again.”

Sanae let out a grunt of frustration, though it seemed more at the fact that she was being held up and less at what Oshino had said. She turned around and gave me a look that was somewhere between upset and apologetic.

“I don’t have to explain anything to any of you about my grudges or my reasoning for disliking a person,” she replied, “But I am sorry I tried to kill you over it. You’re not a vampire and from a professional standpoint as a vampire-exorcising specialist-in-training, I don’t have the right to try to exterminate you. Even though this Kasha manipulated me and threatened my sister, it’s something I should’ve dealt with by asking Hanatabe-sensei, not by indiscriminately attacking you.”

Sanae’s tone shifted from aggravated to genuinely apologetic, almost soft, at that last part, and it did feel genuine. I genuinely felt like she wasn’t going to try to kill me anymore.

Suddenly, however, Sanae jammed her hands between her legs and straightened her body, pressing her thighs together as she danced in place. Her eyes shot open and she looked over at Oshino.

“If you’re satisfied, I’m seriously leaving now!”

“There is one more thing I wanted to address,” Oshino replied, glancing over to the Kasha.

Sanae grunted in equal parts frustration and desperation, but she made no moves towards the door.

“What do you intend to do now, if you’re not going to try to get Sanae-chan to eliminate Takashiro-kun?”

“I would like, if at all possible, to make a truce,” the Kasha replied, “I do not wish to trouble you any more than I already have, and I do not wish to make things difficult for Sodachi. However, I need to eliminate the tsukumogami she’s become quite friendly with lately. I do not know what the nature of the tsukumogami is, other than it is based off of a corpse and it is influencing her decisions dramatically. I fear simply trying to destroy the tsukumogami would cause a lot of distress for Sodachi, but I cannot abide it’s existence any longer. If possible, I would like you to try to convince Sodachi to abandon the tsukumogami, so I may destroy it properly before it causes any more problems.”

“That’s going to be a bit of a problem,” I admitted, “Since me and Sodachi aren’t exactly on good terms right now. At the very least, though, I’ll do my best, and if all else fails, I promise to stay out of your way, even if Sodachi herself asks me for help directly.”

“Very well,” the Kasha nodded, seemingly satisfied with my answer. He then turned to Oshino, “I assume that is a satisfactory result of these negotiations?”

“Yes, thank you for cooperating and coming to reasonable terms,” Oshino nodded, “You’re all dismissed.”

At that, the Kasha vanished in a flash of purple flame, and Sanae rushed outside, hand still jammed between her legs. I stood up myself and stretched. It had been a long night, but my wounds had finally healed and I was able to move around normally again. I turned to Oshino and bowed politely.

“Thanks again for helping me out!”

“Don’t mention it, as a negotiator, I was merely doing my job,” Oshino replied.

I nodded and turned around, heading out the same way Sanae had left. I was expecting to find myself alone, caught in the light drizzle that was still coming down, but instead, I saw Sanae there, doubled over with one hand against the wall.

At first I thought maybe she was wetting herself, but her skirt was dry aside from the few speckled droplets of rain that had hit her since she had left the building behind me. She was also crossing her legs desperately. I thought to leave her be, but she turned around and looked at me. Instead of anger or resentment, she looked at me with pleading eyes.

“I have… I have to pee…” she admitted.

Unnecessarily.

Of course I knew that. You could tell that just by looking at her.

“Just go, then. No one’s stopping you anymore,” I replied simply, turning around to head off in the opposite direction. I knew things likely weren’t that simple, but I was feigning ignorance on purpose.

“Takashiro-san,” she called out, “Please, I’m about to wet myself… I can barely walk.”

I looked at her with a blank expression.

“There are plenty of alleyways around. It’s raining and there aren’t many people out, so it should be fine to just go, right? Even if you’re not that shameless, you have that toad there. You can manipulate water, so it should be fine.”

“Oh right, you still don’t know about my Rainy Day Frog’s abilities,” Sanae replied. She looked like she was about to go into some kind of explanation, but before she could, she started dancing frantically and whimpered, “I’ll explain later, help me before I wet myself! There’s a convenience store two blocks down that way, but I… there’s no way I’ll make it in time!”

“What exactly do you want me to do about it?”

“Carry me,” she had requested shamelessly.

“Ah, my leg’s still sore from earlier. You madwoman, trying to attack me with holy water,” I replied, grabbing my leg in faux pain.

“You bastard, you’re healed already! I know enough about how vampires work to know that much,” Sanae accused, before letting out a moan of desperation and grabbing herself tighter, “I’m sorry, okay! Please! I’ve gotta go so bad! This is your fault too, anyway! You totally drugged me with some kind of diuretic, didn’t you?”

“I drugged you with diuretic, you attacked me with holy water,” I shrugged, “I mean, you tried to kill me which is a bit more extreme, but if you wet yourself in embarrassment I’ll be generous and call us even.”

Sanae glared at me and I motioned to turn around and walk away. It wasn’t like I wasn’t going to give in and help her, but she had been my enemy up until a certain point, and I still wasn’t sure if I could trust her. In fact, if she tried to kill me, there was also the possibility that, for some other reason, she had also tried to kill Yuuki.

In short, without feeling bad about it, I wanted to mess with her a little.

“Please, I’ll…” Sanae paused, though whether it was out of desperation or embarrassment I wasn’t sure, “I’ll… I’ll show you them. My panties. I mean.”

“I’ve already seen your panties,” I pointed out bluntly.

“I meant on me, you idiot!” she yelled, “I mean… I could show them to you if you help me… you seem like the kind of sick pervert who’d be fine with an exchange like that, and I’m running out of options here! Or maybe you like breasts better. I’ll let you grab them! They’re not as big as Yuuki-chan’s but I…”

Sanae paused to let out a gasp as she danced around, “Please, I’m about to wet myself here!”

“Fine, fine,” I acquiesced, not like I hadn’t been planning on it the whole time anyway, “If you’re that desperate, I’ll get you to the bathroom.”

I made my way over to her and picked her up. She was a bit heavier than Yuuki, but it wasn’t like it was a problem for me with my vampire limbs. I held her up and felt her squirm in my arms.

“P-pervert, sicko!” she spat, even as I began running to the convenience store and her relief.

“Hey, I never asked for you to show me your panties, or grab your breasts. Those were your ideas. I never said I wanted those things.”

“Good, I don’t want you seeing my panties or grabbing my boobs.”

“However, I never said I didn’t want them either.”

“Make up your mind, pervert.”

“I mean to say, if I wasn’t 100% positive you’d turn around and tell Yuuki-chan, I’d accept the opportunity given to me as an appreciative male adolescent,” I replied.

I expected some biting comment back at me, but instead I got silence. I didn’t think it was simply because Sanae was fighting to hold back her flood, either. I looked down and even through the desperate squirming I saw a strange, contemplative expression. However, before I could ask, the expression was replaced with one of desperation as she grabbed herself tighter and squirmed around in my arms. I could tell by her ragged breaths and her movements that she was reaching her limit.

Suddenly, she let out a sqeak, and yelled out, “Put me down!”

“Hold on, we’re almost-”

“Put me down right now! Hurry!”

I complied, letting her down. She rushed into an alley, looking around to make sure no one else was out, and squatted right there. Not a moment later, a loud hiss broke through the sound of the drizzled around us as she peed right there. I turned around to give her privacy, but I still listened as she emptied her full bladder right there in the alleyway. She let out a heavy sigh as she took in the relief of finally getting to let go. It took a while for her stream to taper off, but eventually the hissing quieted and I could no longer hear anything through the sound of the drizzle.

I heard Sanae stand up behind me, and I turned around.

SMACK!

Sanae had unceremoniously, out-of-the-blue, smacked me as hard as she could.

“This was all your fault in the first place,” she accused.

“Hey, I only drugged you with the diuretic because you openly used your abilities in front of me and made me think it was something more dangerous,” I pointed out, “Besides, if I had known from the start you were a vampire-exorcising specialist-in-training, I probably would’ve left you alone… well, at least until you attacked me.”

“Whatever,” Sanae frowned, “Anyway, I’m going home.”

“Hold on,” I stopped her, “You haven’t explained the Rainy Day Frog to me.”

“I’m not your teacher,” Sanae pointed out, “Figure it out on your own.”

“You did say you’d explain it to me, and I did go out of my way to help you. Or would you rather me claim the other reward instead?”

“You didn’t get me to the bathroom in time, so the offer’s null and void.”

“I got you halfway, so I should get half of the reward, right? Well, it’s not like I can see half of your panties, but I could grab just one-”

“Fine, I’ll explain the Rainy Day Frog to you. Pervert.”

008

For the sake of convenience, we had moved to a nearby park with a covered pavilion to get out of the rain.

Sanae reached up to her shoulder and grasped at something before placing it down on the picnic table in front of us. With a flicker, the green frog I had caught glimpses of had materialized fully.

“This is a Rainy Day Frog. Typically they use water vapor in the air to make themselves invisible, but when they’re controlling water they can’t maintain that kind of cloak, so they ‘flicker’ when controlling water. They’re a pretty powerful oddity. Not only can they manipulate water, they can also move it from one closed container to another, or from a closed container to out in the open. In other words, they can teleport water.”

“Okay, but you said earlier when you were desperate that you couldn’t just use the Rainy Day Frog to empty your bladder, even though that’s pretty much what you did in class.”

“The Rainy Day Frog is a powerful oddity, but frogs are not generally seen as powerful creatures,” Sanae explained, “The power between an oddity and the mundane base that forms the foundation of that oddity can’t be too great. So when an oddity falls into possession of a broad concept such as ‘water manipulation’, there have to be limitations to that to keep its power in check. In this case, rather than the ability itself being limited, it’s how often I can use it. Ordinarily after resorting to using the Rainy Day Frog to supernaturally transfer the contents of my bladder into the unsuspecting Sodachi-san, I wouldn’t have been able to attack you at all, but luckily for me, the Rainy Day Frog’s power is at its peak right before a rainstorm, as that’s traditionally when most people were grateful for the oddity’s appearance, assuming it had created the rain.”

“Ah, so in other words, due to the events earlier today, and during our battle, you exhausted all of the Rainy Day Frog’s power, and could no longer use it to do something like manipulate the contents of your bladder.”

“Pretty much. Are you satisfied with that explanation.”

“If I said no, would you still let me grab your breasts?”

“That was never something I was going to let you do in the first place, I only said it because I was desperate and not thinking straight,” Sanae admitted.

“Well, that’s fine anyway,” I replied, “Like I said, I know that the second I tried to grab your breasts, you’d go off telling Yuuki and she’d wind up hating me forever. That’s something I want to put off for as long as possible, if I can.”

Sanae frowned and looked away. There was that contemplative expression again. This time, perhaps because she wasn’t desperate, I noticed it was mixed in with a bit of bitterness. I would’ve asked about it, but there was essentially no way I was going to get a straight answer from her.

“Anyway, I’m going home,” Sanae replied, “It’s cold and thanks to you I’m going commando right now, so I’m extremely uncomfortable. Speak of any of this to anyone in class tomorrow, and I’ll spread rumors about you that’ll make the whole school despise you. Oh, and under no circumstances are you allowed to tell Yuuki-chan that I’m a vampire-hunting specialist that tried to kill you for selfish reasons. If you do tell her, I’ll make sure you regret it.”

With that, Sanae started heading home, and I did the same. There was a lot to take in, all things considered. Between the information I had received on Sanae, the Rainy Day Frog, and the Kasha, my head was practically spinning. Trying to get everything straight in my head, I unraveled each of the levels behind the events in my mind as I walked home.

First, there was Sanae’s attack on me. That had been prompted by the Kasha, who wanted me dead.

The Kasha wanted me dead because he needed to take care of a tsukumogami, but was afraid I’d stand in his way.

The reason why he thought I would stand in his way is because of that girl. My classmate who might despise me or might not despise me.

Oikura Sodachi.

Sanae Frog END

*015*2020-08-27 11:15

Sodachi Corpse

001

It had been exactly a week since the incident where Senryuu Sanae had attacked me with the Rainy Day Frog, and I had learned of the Kasha’s mission to eliminate a tsukumogami in the care of Oikura Sodachi.

That had been the gist of it, but in reality the situation was a lot more complicated than it seemed. In the first place, if Sodachi was in possession of a tsukumogami, it was entirely possible she wasn’t even aware of it. Well, less so that she wouldn’t be aware of the tsukumogami itself, but moreso that she didn’t realize it was a tsukumogami.

Secondly, even if she was aware of it’s supernatural nature, she had grown attached to it. To the point where, in an alternate timeline where me and Sodachi were actually on good terms, she went to me for help when the Kasha attacked it, and I fought with the Kasha alongside the tsukumogami. At least that’s what the Kasha had told me. Not that I didn’t believe him, but it was hard for me to envision a world where Oikura Sodachi actively came to me for help on oddities.

But even beyond that, there was the simple fact that me and Sodachi were still not on good terms.

A week ago, Sodachi had expressed her feelings clearly by saying she didn’t want to deal with me anymore and cancelling our math lessons together forever. It wasn’t like I was particularly bothered by either of these things. Inevitably you are going to encounter a person that will despise you for what seems like no reason. Obviously there is a reason, but usually it’s a reason personal to them that you can’t understand and don’t really want to change.

If that was all this was, I could move on and be content with knowing that Sodachi merely despised me for some reason like that.

However, I had felt that me and Sodachi had been developing a strange friendship, right up until the time that I shared with her my story about Yuuki. Perhaps that I had said something or conveyed a part of myself that Sodachi inherently found distasteful, but part of me wondered if there wasn’t a deeper layer to it. If Sodachi was in contact with a dangerous supernatural creature knowingly, she might see my existence as a specialist a threat to her relationship with the tsukumogami.

Of course, if I was being personally honest with myself, all of this was a stretch and I just wanted there to be a reason she had been acting so weird that went beyond just her disliking me. If it had something to do with the tsukumogami, then at the very least once it was gone, our relationship could improve. It was that kind of line of thinking that got me hopeful that Sodachi did not despise me. If you asked me why I cared about Oikura Sodachi not despising me, I couldn’t exactly give you a direct answer.

I mean, it’s natural to not want to be hated, but as I said, being hated is inevitable, and on top of that it wasn’t like we were particularly close to begin with before she began despising me. It was like I was pursuing a goal that made no sense, especially when there was someone right in front of me who I was already close to.

“Hey, Takashiro-san! Are you listening?”

“Huh?” I looked up at Yuuki. She was sitting at her desk normally, and I was turned around in the seat in front of her to speak with her face-to-face. School was over, and normally Yuuki was tired enough by the end of the day to head straight home, but today she had a bit more energy than normal, and it had also been a while since we’d talked in person.

“Sorry, I got distracted.”

“You’re always like that, lately,” Yuuki replied with a concerned look, “Is it an oddity? Is everything going alright with your training?”

“Well, it’s not like it’s related to my training, but there’s been a lot of supernatural stuff going on lately.”

Sanae’s Rainy Day Frog, the Kasha, Sodachi’s mystery tsukumogami, and of course, there was still my underlying desire to find out who had cursed Yuuki. It was still my intention to rebound the curse and free Yuuki from a life of being a sickly, weak individual.

Of course, it wasn’t like I could tell Yuuki about Sanae, and I wasn’t about to admit to going behind her back to try to rebound the curse for her. So naturally I told her about the only thing I could. Socachi’s tsukumogami and the Kasha.

“I see,” Yuuki replied after listening to my story intently, “So this tsukumogami is dangerous, and for some reason Sodachi is particularly attached to it.”

“That’s about as much information as I have,” I replied, “My problem is this. I have no idea how to approach her at all. She despises me.”

“Despises you? Is that the impression you have of her?”

“Well, ever since the day I explained everything about oddities to her, she’s been avoiding me lately.”

“Hmm,” Yuuki frowned, placing an inquisitive finger on her lip in thought, “Is it not possible that Sodachi just happens to embody the characteristics one would attribute to a tsundere?”

“Typically a tsundere would still try to find excuses to spend time with a person, not completely avoid them,” I pointed out.

“I mean, more to the point, is it possible that you spoke of me in a way that would make Sodachi feel like you were romantically attracted to me?”

“Huh?”

Yuuki blushed, “I-I mean, if Sodachi likes you, then perhaps when you were telling her about how we met, she got the mistaken impression that you like me.”

“Hmm… well, when I was telling the story, I did mention various features, such as your large breasts, so at the very least she might’ve gotten the impression I was sexually attracted to you,” I pointed out.

Yuuki blushed harder and looked away, “H-hey! But I mean, if she was curious enough about our relationship in the first place, maybe she doesn’t despise you, but instead feels like you and her shouldn’t get closer for the sake of our relationship.”

“Well, that would be one thing,” I began, looking out the window and focusing on people running on the track field just below our classroom, “but in the end, that would imply she wants a more intimate relationship between her and myself than just being friends. In the first place, I don’t see that as likely.”

“Why is that?” Yuuki asked.

“Huh? Well, because I’m not exactly the kind of person you’d want to date.”

“Is that really your perception of yourself?” Yuuki asked.

I paused. The question hung in the air as the room grew silent, and I pondered exactly what Yuuki meant.

“W-well,” I began, suddenly unsure of myself, “I’m a Frankenstein’s monster stitched together with vampire parts. In fact, now with these eyes, you could even say I’m more vampire than human already. Even if I was just a normal human, I’m not exactly what you’d call an admirable person. I’m openly perverted and often do selfish things. Even the parts of me that you could call admirable, like the fact that I’m the class rep, or the fact that I’m studying hard to be a specialist, are things I’m doing out of obligations to other people.”

“What about how you swooped in and saved me when I was cursed? Or how you’ve decided to take on that Kasha’s problems because it concerns Sodachi’s well-being?” Yuuki pointed out, “Wouldn’t a selfish person just come up with some automatic answer like, ‘It’s not my problem, that’s your job to deal with?’”

“Is meddling in people’s business really that admirable? I mean, in the first place, I’m sure some people would find it annoying if they knew I couldn’t keep my nose out of things. I’m sure Sodachi would be angry with me if I barged in telling her I was going to deal with that tsukumogami of hers.”

Yuuki leaned forwards and flicked me on the forehead. She was glaring at me, face incredibly close to mine. Because she was leaning forwards, I could see a clear view down her uniform’s blouse and her cleavage. The bra that was holding back her large breasts was frilly and pink. If Yuuki noticed that I could see down her shirt, she definitely didn’t seem to care.

“Do you really think I see you saving me as just meddling? Do you really think I would say something like ‘you should have kept your nose out of it!’ after you saved my life?”

I gulped audibly and Yuuki leaned in even closer, her hot breath tickling my ear.

“I will always be grateful to you, Haru.”

“...”

I looked over and Yuuki was blushing furiously, but at the same time she was smiling warmly. I stared at her, wide-eyed, and she gazed back at me. She was breathing heavily, and she looked like she wanted to do more. Due to her shy nature, I never expected this kind of thing from her, but a natural expert pervert like me could tell she was definitely on the verge of making some kind of move. She reached out like she was going to touch my face, and then she recoiled and pulled back all at once.

“S-sorry, I just… I want you to know that you’re a better person than you give yourself credit for, Haru-san.”

“Y-yeah.”

“W-well, I better get going!” Yuuki replied hurriedly, “I’ll talk to you tomorrow!”

Yuuki quickly grabbed her things and hurried off as fast as she could, and I let out a sigh. I don’t know what I expected, or if I expected anything. Or even if I secretly wanted anything to happen. I had outright refused to consider a romantic relationship with Yuuki because I fully intended to go behind her back and properly rebound the curse. But I hadn’t even properly thought about my actual feelings. Did I like Yuuki? And if Sodachi really did like me, what would happen between me and her?

“Well, thinking about all this now isn’t going to help. I need to focus on my role as a Specialist and find out about Sodachi. She might wind up hating me for it, but I might have to stop by her apartment… Since she didn’t show up to school today, I can always use the excuse that I’m doing my proper job as class rep and delivering her homework…”

I stepped out of the classroom and made my way for the stairwell, idly counting the doors out of boredom as I walked by. Then, suddenly, I stopped.

“Five…”

There were only supposed to be four classrooms between our homeroom class and the stairwell. I had attended this school for nearly three years now, and I had passed by this hallway countless times. I was sure I wasn’t mistaken. In fact, I remember counting the doors many times on my way home, and the number of doors was always four.

And yet, before me, was a fifth door.

Naturally, I entered.

Or, more specifically, it felt like some unknown force drove my body to enter whether I wanted to or not.

“Ah, Takashiro-kun. How kind of you to join us.”

The soft, androgynous voice came from a rather unusual girl sitting on the teacher’s desk, swinging her legs back and forth childishly. She had short black hair cut into a bob and was wearing a uniform completely unfamiliar to me, with a pink blouse, black tie, and dark grey skirt. The sleeves of her uniform were long and hung past the ends of her arms, and she was waving one enthusiastically at me.

“Who are you? How did you know my name?”

“That’s a mystery, isn’t it? But perhaps one easily solved if I tell you my name. I’m Oshino Ougi.”

Oshino.

The same surname as the blonde-haired Specialist who came to my aid after Sanae attacked me. If she was related to him, then that likely meant he had told her about me. At least, that’s what I figured she meant by “easily-solved”.

“Please, have a seat. But do be quiet. My other guest is sleeping quite soundly right now.”

Come to think of it, when I first walked in, Ougi did say “us”. I looked over at where she was motioning with her sleeve-covered hand, and nearly cried out in shock.

It was Oikura Sodachi. Clad in nothing but her pajamas that I got more than a good look at when she had invited me over for tutoring, sleeping soundly across a number of desks that had been pushed together.

“W-w-w-what? What’s she doing here? Wait, she’s still wearing her pajamas. Did you kidnap her?”

“Hmm, it’s possible I did, or it’s possible I didn’t. But if I did, it would only be to help her. As well as you. In fact, I can say that I showed up here for the sole purpose of helping you solve the mystery that’s already on your mind, and that concerns Oikura Sodachi.”

“Huh?” I asked, “You already know about the Tsukumogami?”

“No. That is to say, I have a hunch. Or rather, I had been involved in helping other people solve a mystery involving Sodachi a while back, and at that point I had thought that all of the pieces fell into place. But then I realized that there was something wrong with the conclusion we came to.”

Ougi jumped up on the desk and pulled a magnifying glass out of her pocket, pointing it at Sodachi.

“I don’t like getting things wrong. Though, I guess, rather than getting things wrong, it was a case of not having all the information. There were missing pieces that I couldn’t have known at the time. Ah, but I suppose you don’t have any idea what I’m talking about.”

That was for sure. It wasn’t like I had any way of knowing that Ougi and Sodachi had interacted in the past, so naturally I had no idea what she meant. Before I could even make sense of where to start asking questions, however, a groan sounded behind me, and I turned around in time to see Sodachi wake up.

She seemed to instantly notice that she wasn’t sleeping in her bed, and furthermore she quickly noticed she wasn’t alone in the room. One would expect a girl in her position to react defensively and cover herself, especially since she was really only wearing a nightgown and it was slipping in places and riding up in others. I remembered her also having a pair of matching pajama shorts, but apparently she didn’t wear those in her sleep, as they were missing and I got a clear shot of her white panties.

“W-what’s going on here? Where are we? Wait, Oshino-san, you’re here?”

“Ah, Oikura-senpai. I’m surprised you remember me,” Ouji replied, “But anyway, we’re at your new school. Though I guess technically we’re also not at your new school. This room here shouldn’t exist, and now that all of the participants are here, it cannot be opened or closed until our mystery is solved.”

“Mystery? What mystery?” Sodachi asked, “And why are you here, Takashiro-san?”

The way she spoke my name with something like venom made me shrink where I stood, but before I could reply, Ougi stepped in.

“The mystery of your tsukumogami. The one you should already know about.”

“Tsukumogami?” Sodachi asked.

“I’ll let Takashiro explain this one, since he’s the one training to be a Specialist here,” Ouji motioned to me, handing me the reins.

“A-ah,” I began, scratching the back of my head and trying not to stare too hard at Sodachi, who’s top was dangerously close to slipping and making her immodest, “W-well, a Tsukumogami is any kind of object that gathers enough spiritual energy to become an oddity. Anything that has a special bond and is cared for by humans has the potential to become a Tsukumogami, and apparently a really strong one has been hanging around you lately.”

“There isn’t anything like that around me,” Sodachi replied, almost a little too quickly. She glared at me and back at Ougi, clenching the desk she was sitting on irritably, “Sorry, but your mystery doesn’t exist. Now, I’m going to try to get home without causing a scene and spreading rumors that I’m an exhibitionist.”

She stood up quickly and moved over to the door, reaching for the handle and tugging on it to slide it open. However, it didn’t budge, and Sodachi whirled around and glared at Ougi.

“Let me out of here right now!”

“Sorry, not even I can open the door. The windows won’t budge either,” Ougi replied, “I told you, we won’t be getting out of here until the mystery of your tsukumogami is solved.”

“There’s no need for either of you to pry into anything! Everything’s going fine, so stay out of it and let me out!” Sodachi demanded, tapping her foot impatiently. She was glaring at us with her arms crossed, and her face was flushed from embarrassment at her current attire, or more specifically lack thereof.

Ougi moved swiftly and gracefully over to Sodachi and grabbed the hem of her nightgown. In one fell swoop, she lifted it up, exposing her panties and nearly exposing her breasts. I was about to turn around out of respect for Sodachi, but it was clear something was very wrong. There were nasty black bruises all over her stomach and upper thighs.

I also couldn’t help but notice a significant bulge in Sodachi’s usually slender abdomen. Perhaps her haste to leave the room was not entirely due to wanting to hide her situation.

Ougi lowered Sodachi’s nightgown and she grabbed at the hem angrily. Her face was even more red, and but she was no longer able to meet either of our eyes.

“S-Sodachi-”

“Not a goddamn word!” Sodachi yelled, “Don’t you dare take pity on me!”

“And there it is. Clearly something is wrong, so this room won’t open until this issue is resolved,” Ougi spoke affirmatively, “Perhaps it’s best to start where we left off. Ah, by me, I mean me, Araragi-senpai, and Hanekawa-senpai. Ah, but naturally Takashiro-san, you won’t have any idea who those people are. Have a seat, Oikura-senpai. I imagine standing there in front of a door that won’t open won’t be comfortable if we wind up having a long conversation.”

Sodachi glared at Ougi, but didn’t protest. She returned to the platform of desks and sat on them, drawing one leg up and fidgeting uncomfortably. Her movements confirmed my suspicion about that bulge earlier.

In an odd twist of fate, I had wound up in the same situation I had first met Sodachi. Locked together with her in a classroom, while she had to pee.

“Back then, I had worked together with a couple of people to figure out a particular mystery about Oikura-senpai’s past. Particularly, she had tasked us with finding the whereabouts of her mother. Ah, Oikura-senpai, I’m about to say a bunch of really personal stuff to Takashiro-san, do you mind?”

“You’re going to whether I want you to or not, aren’t you?” Sodachi asked.

“Oh? Are you perhaps implying I wouldn’t respect your privacy and personal wishes? No, if you tell me not to, I won’t go any further. Of course, this classroom won’t open either, because this information is necessary to solve the mystery of your Tsukumogami. I wonder how long we’ll all survive here without food or water?”

Sodachi shifted uncomfortably on the desk and bit her lip like she was biting back an insult. She tried to move subtly, but I caught her slip a hand between her legs and squeeze her crotch briefly.

“Anyway, if I have Oikura-senpai’s permission, I will share a brief overview of the situation. From what I’ve been told, when she was in 7th grade, her parents divorced because of her abusive father. Her mother fell into a depression and locked herself in her room, forcing Oikura-senpai to take care of her. Two years later, Oikura-senpai checked the room, only to find her mother gone, yet the door to the room was still locked. This was the fundamental of the mystery we had to solve. How did her mother get out of a locked room, and where did she go? Takashiro, do you have any clue?”

I looked over at Sodachi, who’s personal life had just been laid bare, at least in part, to me. She glared at me when our eyes met, like she was silently telling me not to pity her. However, she then lowered her leg and crossed it over her other leg, squirming around on the desk. As long as the classroom was locked, she’d be forced to hold it, so whether she wanted me to answer or not, it was clear that answering was the only way forward.

“A-ah, well, I don’t really know Sodachi-san’s mother, but if I were to guess, she probably just ran away from home. Or maybe she went to commit-”

I glanced back over at Sodachi and felt extremely uncomfortable finishing a sentence that would imply Sodachi’s mother had killed herself.

“Suicide,” Sodachi finished for me, turning to glare at me defiantly, even as she shuffled in desperation on the desk.

“Well, that definitely seems like a possibility,” Ougi replied, “But that leaves the mystery of the locked door. If the door was locked, how did Oikura-senpai’s mother leave the room? That was the question Araragi-senpai, who was a fool, and Hanekawa-senpai, who also turned out to be a fool, struggled with. Well, I suppose in the end, I also got it wrong, so I was also a fool. Ahaha.”

That laugh sent chills down my spine. It was less a laugh, and more like someone reading a laugh aloud without having ever heard what laughter sounded like. It was deeply unsettling, but in a weird way it was also calming.

“The conclusion we came to was this. In her grief, Oikura-senpai’s mother refused to eat, and died. Oikura-senpai, who was, or I suppose is, a deeply troubled individual due to her trauma, failed to notice this, and over time Oikura-senpai’s mother’s corpse decayed into bones and was mixed in with the trash that was piling up. The trash that Oikura-senpai was not properly able to deal with also masked the stench of the corpse. This was our conclusion, and Oikura-senpai, as well, ultimately agreed with this conclusion, like she had always known this is what had happened.”

“That’s…”

I refrained from voicing my sympathies in front of my desperate classmate, who had on multiple occasions made it clear that she didn’t want to be pitied.

Sodachi uncrossed her legs and crossed them the other way, openly jamming a hand between her legs this time. She seemed quite a bit more restless than before, and it was clear she had to pee pretty bad. It was like she gave up trying to hide that she had to pee and decided that openly holding it was the only way she was going to make it through this.

“That was what Araragi told me back then,” Sodachi admitted, “I thought I remembered it. After all, the locked door meant that my mother truly couldn’t have left that room, and I do vaguely remember my mother refusing to eat for a time that would be impossible to survive if you thought about it rationally, or so I thought.”

“Or so you thought?” I asked.

“I was almost ready to accept that. But then my mother returned suddenly. She gave a heartfelt apology for abandoning me, and for making me take care of her. She then asked me to move in with her. I was able to stay in the city, rather than moving out with an old couple who didn’t know a damn thing about me. That bastard, that meddling bastard Araragi, when I asked him to find my mother earnestly, came back with some half-assed answer he came up with digging through memories that weren’t his! He convinced me that I had simply not noticed my own mother’s corpse! You got it wrong!”

Sodachi turned to glare at Ouji, “You all got it wrong and tried to implant false memories into me! There’s no more mystery!”

“But what about those bruises?” Ougi asked, “And what about that period of time when your mother didn’t eat even though it would’ve been impossible to survive that even you remember? There’s more to this mystery. Let’s get one fact out of the way. Oikura-senpai’s mother definitely died. She was locked in a room piled up with her own trash and waste, and refused to eat anything for a period of time that no one could survive. Takashiro-san, have you figured it out yet?”

“Hmm, well, I can’t really think of how that’s possible. I mean, even if you insist that she died, Sodachi-san just said that her mother’s alive, right? I mean, the bruises are concerning, but as much as I hate to say it, humans are capable of causing those bruises.”

“Have you forgotten already, Takashiro-san? Sodachi has a particularly powerful tsukumogami around her. That was the premise of why that Kasha asked you for help, correct?”

“I know, but I still don’t see-”

Realization struck me like a brick.

Kasha were known as corpse-gathering oddities because they would often gather around corpses, but ultimately that was just part of them fulfilling their duties of preventing the formation of tsukumogami. Corpses, due to them normally having a soul, and due to people’s connection and care of them even after death, were prone to becoming tsukumogami.

If Oikura Sodachi’s mother truly died, and she continued to take care of it like it was alive, that would mean the corpse was being cared for far more than a normal corpse, which was already prone to becoming a tsukumogami. Given that Sodachi’s mother recently reentered her life, plus the fact that the Kasha had mentioned Sodachi’s tsukumogami was a corpse, that probably meant her mother currently was a tsukumogami. That seemed to be the logical conclusion being drawn here.

“I see you’ve figured it out, Takashiro-san,” Ougi nodded, “Sodachi-san’s mother… because Sodachi-san cared for her corpse for two years after she died, became a tsukumogami. The very tsukumogami you’re hunting after.”

“Tha-that’s not possible!” Sodachi replied, though she didn’t seem all that convinced herself, “You’re lying!”

“Ah, Oikura-senpai, you’re looking a little restless there, is everything alright?” Ougi asked.

“I-I’m fine, can we hurry this up so you can let us out of here already?”

“Coincidentally, when I went to fetch Oikura-senpai, the door to her bedroom was locked from the outside. And her mother was nowhere to be seen. Oikura-senpai also seemed like she had been in her room for some time.”

“Wait, Sodachi-san, were you locked in your room?” I asked.

“T-that’s none of your…” Sodachi stopped and squeezed her thighs together, letting out a soft moan as she fought against her full bladder, “F-fine, yes, I was. All night.”

“And those bruises, don’t tell me…”

“Don’t you dare pity me, I told you! Ah!” Sodachi let out a cry and jumped off the desk. She rushed for the door, “Oshino-san, let me out right now! I… I’ve been locked in my room since last night, I haven’t gone to the bathroom! I can’t hold it!”

I looked down at the desk, and there was a small wet spot where Sodachi had leaked. If Sodachi had been holding it since last night, I don’t blame her for being so desperate. In fact, in this situation, it felt like keeping her in a locked room was wrong.

“Oshino-san, we should let her go, at least.”

“I told you, I can’t. This room wasn’t my doing. It’s a manifestation of the psychological and physical problems Oikura-senpai has been bottling up until now. It appeared because the situation has become dire, and multiple people and oddities are now involved,” Ougi explained, “Until Sodachi herself finally realizes the truth for herself and comes to terms with the truth, this room won’t open.”

“Okay, okay, fine!” Sodachi yelled, glaring at Ougi as she danced around desperately, “You’re right! I’ve noticed something… off about my mother, but I was just… I wanted her to be alive! I didn’t want to accept that she had died because I couldn’t take care of her properly! I beat myself up for not forcing her to eat. I could’ve saved her. That was why I ignored her death for so long. Then Araragi goes and drags it back up. Well, that was because I asked him…”

Sodachi paused, letting out another shocked gasp as she clamped down between her legs. A small spurt trickled down one of her legs, and she quickly rubbed it off with the other one, dancing around madly to hold it all in.

“S-so, when she reappeared, of course I thought something was wrong… but… but I convinced myself she was really still alive… I wanted that to be the case. But if that’s what you wanted me to say so bad, then… I’ve said it!”

Sodachi turned around and tried to tug the door open, but no matter how frantically she pulled, the door remained closed.

“Ah, it looks like Oikura-senpai is still bottling up her woes.”

“I can’t… there’s nothing else… I can’t…!”

Sodachi leaked again, and she collapsed into a kneeling position. She dug her heel into her crotch and squirmed around desperately, breaths ragged as she tried to hold on. I could see her panties clearly, a prominent wet spot soaking her crotch, growing larger as she lost another spurt into them.

“I can’t hold it… please… please open!”

Sodachi banged against the door uselessly with one hand as the other rubbed her swollen bladder. She then let out a surprised yelp and looked down in shock and horror as the dam burst. With her crotch still jammed against the heel of her foot, pee burst out of her, spraying out and stopping for the briefest of moments as she tried to stop the flow.

It quickly started again and rivulettes flowed around her heel and onto the floor below, pooling into a puddle that practically steamed against the cold tile floor below. The puddle spread out quickly and unevenly as she continued to wet herself, Making it all the way to the corner desk closest to the door. Even as the puddle grew to such an impressive size, she continued peeing, her ragged breaths shifting from strained to relieved as her bladder emptied itself.

Ougi had a sleeve-covered hand pressed up against her mouth like she was stifling a laugh, and I felt the need to yell at her. However, another part of me felt incredibly uncomfortable with even drawing attention to Sodachi’s situation as she was still wetting herself. I probably also should’ve felt bad for watching, but there were certain things a man had to see through to the end, even if it would get him in trouble afterwards.

After what seemed like ages, Sodachi’s flow finally staved off into a trickle, and then stopped, and she let out a long sigh of relief. She then nearly jumped in her own puddle as she realized what was going on. She shot up, covered her soaked-through panties with her nightgown as best as she could, and whirled around.

It was expecting a glare. Angry eyes and pouty cheeks as she prepared to threaten us to never speak of her accident again. After all, this was essentially the second time I had watched her wet herself in this kind of situation.

What I wasn’t suspecting was the utterly soft, abashed, vulnerable expression she was wearing on her face. Tears pooled in the corners of her eyes, her fists were balled nervously at her sides, and her lip quivered like she was on the verge of bursting into tears.

Unexpectedly, she raised her nightgown again. Not to show off her soaked panties, but to once again show off the bruises on her thighs and stomach.

“My mother… no… the tsukumogami of my mother’s corpse… she does these things to me. She locks me in my room all night. Sometimes she’s kind and gentle, but sometimes…”

Sodachi trailed off, and suddenly fury boiled up inside my chest. That thing that was pretending to be Sodachi’s mother was treating her like this.

“I was in denial because I wanted her to be okay, but her strength was inhuman. So when you told me about the supernatural world, I instantly knew she was something from that world you live in,” Sodachi admitted, “So, to keep myself in my delusion, I pushed you away and convinced myself everything was normal. No, even before that, I remained cold towards you because I put myself in a position where I didn’t have an outlet to vent all the frustrations of the situation I had found myself in. I searched for reasons to hate you, and I internalized that hate without realizing it.”

Sodachi stepped out of her puddle and stepped towards us.

“I thought you were despicable after you told me Yuuki’s story. I thought you were the awful kind of person who’d meddle in everyone else’s business and try to save everyone no matter what. I thought you were the kind of naive person who thought that all it would take is someone reaching out their hand and they could save anyone just like that. I was bitter because I was suffering and you were talking about how you didn’t want anyone to suffer. You said that to my face and it made my blood boil, so I pushed you away and hated you. But deep down, the truth is, I’m jealous. I’m jealous that you want to fight so hard for someone else’s sake. I was envious that you were able to naively act like anyone could be saved when I thought it was impossible for that to happen to me. I was so focused on that jealousy and hate that I didn’t ever consider asking you for help.”

Sodachi reached me before collapsing onto the ground. She reached up weakly and tugged at my pantleg, looking up at me as she started sobbing.

“H-help me. Help me. Takashiro, I don’t know what to do. I don’t want to suffer anymore.”

Ougi looked over at the windows of the classroom. Although nothing had changed, it definitely seemed like the atmosphere outside had become lighter somehow.

“Ah, it looks like the room has unlocked itself. Once we all leave, it should cease to exist, so we shouldn’t have to worry about that puddle. Ah, but I still don’t want to get anything on my shoes,” Ougi headed over to one of the windows and opened it, letting in a gust of wind. She then jumped up onto the window sill and looked back at us with a wry smile, “I only came to follow up on a mystery that I failed to solve correctly, so I doubt we’ll see each other again. Farewell, Oikura-senpai, Takashiro-san!”

She then leapt out the window and vanished, leaving me and Sodachi alone in the room together. Sodachi was still bawling her eyes out. This was so far removed from the Oikura Sodachi I had grown to know, but somehow this one felt genuine. Like this was the real Oikura Sodachi, and the one I had known was made up of the walls she had built up for herself after years of suffering.

I patted her on the head, ruffling her hair gently. Her crying lessened and she looked up at me through puffy eyes.

“Of course I’ll help you,” I replied, “I’ll go eliminate that tsukumogami that’s been causing you a lot of grief. We can figure things out after that.”

I spoke gently, but my blood was boiling recalling the tsukumogami who had bruised Sodachi up like this and caused her so much suffering. Worse still, it was the corpse of her mother, who had used Sodachi’s psychological vulnerabilities to take advantage of her. Clenching my teeth, I hoisted her up into my arms, and she let out a surprised squeak.

First was getting her somewhere safe. Naturally the first place I thought of was the parking-garage where my mentor, Grimoire, was living. Then, after she was safe, I would go to Sodachi’s apartment and confront the cause of all this, the tsukumogami of Sodachi’s mother’s corpse.

To Be Continued...
