Female Teachers in Line for the School's Only Bathroom vs. THE BELL

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-06-22 00:28

** Hey guys! So I found out most of us like the line scenario the best. I’ve done one at a party, done one at a wedding, and did one in the college dorms bathrooms with girls waking up with full bladders recently. This one is from the private school I went to. Now this didn’t happen, it is fiction, but we had limited bathrooms in this place. For teachers it was worse. They HAD to use the single teacher’s room. Using student bathrooms was forbidden. And I had some VERY attractive teachers lol **

Ms. Channy was a pretty woman in her late-thirties. She had short brown hair which was very dark, and her legs and hips had some weight on them, but she had nice boobs as well. Tight pants looked amazing on her as she taught history to her students. That day she had tight white pants and a tight white t-shirt. On her feet she had open-toe shoes.

Her class was right across the hall from Ms. Leathan. A hot, skinny blonde whose hair waved down past her shoulders and wore a tight gray skirt and high heels.

Down the hall was Ms. Maclen. A mathematics teacher. Tall, and blonde hair tied in a pony tail which looked sexy with her white skin that had a slight tan that day. She wore a purple top and her long legs were covered with black nylons as she was in her skirt. Although a tall woman, she did not have the toughest bladder. She had waited so long some days since being hired at this school that she ALMOST wet herself. The same could be said for Channy and Leathan as well.

As the bell approached, each teacher stared at the clock. They were not dying (yet) but after two classes, a few morning coffees going through them, knowing they could be at a bathroom soon made them a little more desperate. When the bell rang, each teacher held their doors opened. Teachers could not leave their doors until every kid had left. Maclen pressed her arms on her tummy as she tapped her foot while kids strolled out. Leathan maintained an appropriate composure. Channy got rid of her kids and headed out. There were two women teacher lavatories’ in the school. One was out of order on their end of the school due to plumbing problems. Channy speed-walked to the other end. Each step adding more pressure to her bladder. She breathed heavy as she got to the bathroom door, turned her faculty key, and unlocked it. The beautiful toilet gave her joy.

“Um…excuse me?” said a voice from behind. It was one of the new teachers, Ms. Bagels. She learned uncomfortable and was hopping place. “I’m so sorry but I did not get to go before I left home this morning. Can I please go first?”

Ms. Channy turned to face the toilet and frowned. She gulped. Squeezed her cheeks and legs in those tight white pants. “Sure, go ahead.” Bagels ran in.

Not long after, Leathan and Maclen got to the bathroom. As they saw Ms. Channy obviously uncomfortable, with her legs crossed as she had her hands in her pockets and leaned against the wall, they got behind her. Channy, Leathan, Maclen. Giving a squirm here and there as they waited in line.

Five minute went by. Ms. Maclen and Leathan were hopping a little to deal with their growing discomfort from their full bladders, but Ms. Channy knocked on the door.

“Um, excuse me!” she said. She was grumpy at this point feeling a hot, bulging pressure push on her lower belly. “Are you almost done? There’s a line out there and the bell is gonna-.” DING DING DING! The bell signaled the break between classes over and the teachers had to go back. They looked at each other, knowing they would be very desperate by the time next class ended. But there was no choice they headed back.

In their class, Maclen opened her math book and froze at the sight of the story used for the equation. It was water-themed, talking about liters in a pool. As she always did, she read the math out to her kids who giggled noticing their teacher’s discomfort. “So Sarah pppoured watter into the pool, three times and-.” Her eyes widened as a jolt struck inside of her.

Ms. Leathan was reading outloud to her students of a story about an old fart traveling the sea. The watery descriptions cause spasms of discomfort, bladder-filling pain into her lower body.

Ms. Channy’s class was taking a test for this hour. Usually she would walk around the class to make sure no one is cheating, but everyone noticed her standing against the board, legs crossed, one foot tipped on it’s toes, and her hands pressed on her lower belly massaging it.

“Um, Ms. Channy, you okay?” a male student asked, clearly horny.

“Um…yyes Bbbilly. Let’s just continue.” Billy smiled and took out his water bottle. Shaking it slowly back and forth which caused agony for Channy. The next hour went by so slow. When the bell rang, she almost lost it in her bladder. “Gonna freaking pee my pants in front of all the students,” she whispered to herself. She headed off to the other side of the school. She saw the bathroom door and what was at it as well…she almost dropped down and cried. She said in her head, Noooooooo!

TO BE CONTINUED….

*004*2017-06-22 14:35

Chapter 2

Noooooo! Ms. Chaney screamed in her horrified thoughts. She stood there, frozen, her legs shaking and toes curling trying to hold back the upcoming load inside of her. Her lips trembled as she saw the janitor washing out the bathroom with a closed for cleaning sign on the door.

Leathan and Maclen stood behind Channy and almost dropped from disbelief at the sight. It was heir only bathroom left, and it was closed at the moment. They had no choice, they could not use a students restroom. There was one for the boys and for the girls and they only four toilets. What if a student needed it?

They all got in line. Channy, Leathan, and Maclen. Ms. Channys legs scrunched together and then crossed. Her white pants were so tight and with the belt pushed onto her aching bladder. Ms. Leathan hugged herself tight, legs closed onwards and shook left to right. Maclen was taller than both of them, but her bladder wasn't stronger.

"Grrrr oooh," Ms. Maclen moaned as she hugged herself tight and one tall nylon-covered leg kicked backwards. She felt like the pee was pushing through as the heat increased down there.

"Are you almost done!" Leathan asked in an annoyed and uncomfortable tone.

The janitor looked out. He said, "Ladies just hold your pee a second. I got work to finish. Just a second, promise."

Channy shook her head in annoyance. She felt her bladder grow just a slight few centimeters over her belt and waist. Her coffee was boiling and catching up to her. It was hard to hold at this point. For all of them.

She looked back to her coworkers, "I seriously gotta piss. I'm not even joking, I can't have an accident I'm almost forty."

"Yeah," said Maclen. "We're the hot teachers too. All those freaking horny boys will never pay attention after that."

Leathan said, "I just can't imagine the humiliation of-OH!" Ms. Leathan scrunched her legs and dropped a little. "Oh god! I lost a couple of drops. Hurry up in there!"

"Almost done," the janitor said. He flushed the toilet to finish rinsing it, and squeezed his mops dripping into the bucket. All three teachers looked away and waved their bodies back and forth in agony. Channys large breast shook from the hormonic rage and Maclen grabbed her crotch. They all sweat as their desperation increased to levels of feeling s boiling bulge of pee bursting to spray out. Leathan bit her lips as they trembled. She crossed her legs in that tight gray skirt and cried a tiny bit.

"I...I...can't wait," she said. The janitor left the bathroom and closed the door which locked it. "Ah what the hell just could've left it open!"

Ms Channy edged to put her key in. She kept trying to slam it into the keyhole but kept missing. Ms. Leathan felt the line of her private parts glisten with warm pee and release and she shoved Channy out of the way.

She slammed Channys keys in instead of her own. She opened he door and took the bathroom.

Leathan pulled off her skirt and sat in the toilet. She spread her legs as an orgasmic joy of pee shot out splashing the toilet. It was so loud that Ms. Channy and Maclen hopped around grabbing their crotches from the watery sound.

"Ahhhhh!" They both yelled. The flush was even worse. They backed away from the door as Leathan came out smiling and shut the door.

Channy and Maclen were about to take a turn, but DING DING! Bell. Back to class. They cried.

To be continued...

*008*2017-06-22 21:09

Chapter 3

Ms. Channy walked back to her classroom. She felt every slosh of pee inside of her bladder. She REALLY had to go. She knew she could wait a little longer, but still, the discomfort was bad. She reached her room and sat down. At least it was just a study hall she had to supervise. She did not have to stand and teacher and it was half as long as normal classes. Ms. Channy placed her hands between her legs, pushed against her crotch, and shut her legs. They squirmed as she heard the clock tick.

Maclen trembled as she wrote on the board. Some of the students giggled as she would stop every now and again and hop a little in place. She REALLY needed to pee. Her bladder was overfilled and heavy with heat.

“Um, Ms. Maclen?” a student questioned.

“Yyes Bobby…” she said.

“That answer you wrote isn’t right.” Maclen looked at the board and banged her head against it. Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! Gotta pee! She thought. Time passed. It was lunchtime for the students and Maclen and Channy had to both supervise. They forgot.

They kept walking around the cafeteria to keep their mind off it and so they would not hop or squirm in place. Ms. Channy saw one kid pouring chocolate milk into his tray and it made her want so bad to let it go. Her tight pants and belt continued to dig and stab into her waist which made the strain so much worse. Ms. Channy was nervous at this point. Walking around the cafeteria and barely looked normal from the movements she was doing. She was scared of having an embarrassing accident in front of her fellows teachers, her boss, and her students. Then, all the parents would know. It made her want a bathroom already. SHE NEEDED TO GO NOW!

Ms. Maclen could barely take it anymore. She ached for the bathroom. She saw Ms. Channy leave the cafeteria two minutes before the bell. Ms. Channy did not want to have to wait longer for the bathroom, so she ran to it. She was at the door smiling and breathing with relief and reached for her keys……..

“Oh no,” Ms. Channy said as she dug around into her pockets. Ms. Lethan grabbed them from her when she stole the bathroom an hours ago. She must have accidentally taken it with her. Ms. Channy wrestled with the doorknob. She held onto it tight, knowing that the answer to ending her bursting bladder was inside. “Come onnnn!” She pulled and placed a foot on the wall to push off. The door was stuck solid. She did not want to face anymore hurdles in her bladder, but she was desperate enough to risk it. She ran to Ms. Lethan’s room. The bell rang.

Students flooded the hallways and made Ms. Channy’s journey to Lethan’s room longer and harder. She pressed her tight butt cheek together as she made her way. “Oh, ah, e, ah!” Her arms tight against her sides. She made it to Ms. Lethan’s room. She saw the keys on her desk. She walked up.

“Oh hey Ms. Channy,” Lethan said. “How can I-.”

Ms. Channy just grabbed the keys and hurdled off with tiny, fast steps. Down the stairs, step by painful step, and she was on the other side of the school. She dropped her keys when she saw the horror: a line of half a dozen ladies, including Ms. Maclen. Maclen was at the end. Ahead of her were five women squirming for the toilet. They were all VERY DESPERATE. Ms. Channy grabbed her keys and stomped over.

In front of them was a young teacher in a green dress and long black hair with her legs crossed. Ahead of her a tan brunette with tight black dress pants and high heels that made loud noise as she tapped her foot in desperation. Another teacher in a dress with brown curls squirmed and hopped in place. Then a short one in athletic shape wore tight jeans and a white top. She had her hands in front of her crotch and was antsy. Then there was the one at the head of the line with heels that she tapped, and tight jeans that really showed butt and crotch and had a green top on. Ms. Channy could not believe she and her swelled bladder had to wait this whole line. She had a free period, but still.

None of the teachers knew it was Senior Prank Day. A few funny, but cruel teenagers broke into the school basement. They were going to dump fish they caught at the town pond into the water break so they came out of the toilets. They started to dump.

Meanwhile only a couple teachers in the line had used the bathroom. There were only two classes for the day left after this, but Ms. Channy had a twenty minute communte. Maclen had thrity minutes. They had literally been letting the steaming load of pee weigh on their insides all day. A principal or student walked by every now and again and Ms. Channy had to pull her hands away from her crotch and look normal. She did not want to look like she was touching herself. Malcen held onto her body and bouned aggressively.

“Oh…oh no,” said the teacher at the front of the line in brown curls. She crossed her legs tight as all hell and her eyes watered. She felt her crotch muscle weakening. The pee started to explode through and would destroy her panties in seconds. She bounced. “Hold it! Hold it! Hold it!” The occupant came out and that teacher raced in. They all her pee hitting the toilet water before the door closed. It tormented them, reminding them how bad they needed a bathroom break. Channy and Maclen especially who had been trying to go all freaking morning.

Only fifteen minutes until bell. Ms. Channy grew very nervous and felt continuing waves of pressure smack her bladder and shake her body. Trying to burst the pee out against her muscle and will. Ms. Channy HAD to HOLD IT IN! Or she would be the laughing stock of the school. The next two teachers did not take long.

Finally Ms. Maclen almost scrunched down to the floor cross-legged was next. “Yes,” she said in a choking manner. “I’m finally next.” She walked in.

“Please hurry!” Ms. Channy begged. She hated herself so much now. She could have gone this morning, but let that another teacher go. She could have gotten in there hours ago if she just carefully put her key in and didn’t’ wait for Lethan to barge in. She could’ve gotten in if she didn’t lose her key before. She was on the verge of having an accident in front of the entire school and be a victim of humiliation. Gotta…hold…on…a little….longer “Ahhh,” she squeaked. Her crotch was physically beating as the bladder grew and pushed on her insides expanding everything outwards. It hurt.

Downstairs the teens finished putting fish in the water main. They noticed the fish were clogged up next to each other in the pipe entrance inside. One of the teens picked up a broom and hit against the fish to unclog the hole, but the burst of them sucked in the broom. All of it blocked the way for the water to move. As students and teachers flushed toilets and sinks in that moment, it all got blocked and was building up.

Ms. Channy was sweating and holding her crotch. She looked at the time. She had five minutes. She COULD make it! Her legs moved up and down. She whistled to distract herself. She heard the door knob turn and looked in excitement. Ms. Maclen came out. Ms. Channy found hope, and started to walk in and... BOOM!!!!! The whole school shook.

Ms. Channy felt cold water hit her bare feet in the open shoes. She looked down scared, and saw the toilet overflowing. A fish came out and flapped on the floor. Ms. Channy’s face looked horrified. Ms. Maclen covered her mouth knowing this did not mean good news for her coworker.

“Sweet Christ of Heavens!” said the Janitor as he stormed down the hall. The Principal came over.

“What the hell happened?” the Principal asked. Ms. Channy used all her might to stand up straight and look normal. It killed her on the inside.

Janitor said, “These punk kids I found were putting fish in our water system as a prank. It almost destroyed our water system.”

“Bbbut it’s still okay right?” Ms. Channy asked. Shaking a little form anxiety.

“Are you okay?” the Principal asked looking her.

“Fine,” said Ms. Channy faking a smile and closing her legs tight and hands behind her back. Massaging her overworked, aching kidneys.

Janitor said, “Are you kidding? Hell no. Our water system is toast. It can be fixed over the weekend. Least it’s Friday.”

“Damn it,” said the Principal. “What about our bathrooms?”

“I already started putting out of order signs up.” He slapped the sign on the last teacher’s lavatory, now destroyed as well. Ms. Channy’s jaw dropped.

Prinicpal said, “Well there’s only a couple hours left of the school day. I’m sure everyone will be fine.” They two men walked away, locking the bathroom door with a special lock so it remained closed.

“Ms. Channy,” Maclen said. “Are you going to be okay?”

Ms. Channy’s eyes watered. Her bladder expanded over her waist. Her crotch muscles weakening. She had to hold it for 2 HOURS at least. Or else she……”Wwwhy???” Ms. Channy cried.

TO BE CONINTUED…..

*011*2017-06-24 01:18

Chapter 4 (NOTE: the line scenario isn’t done yet. And listen, sometimes my characters have beaten the odds. Enjoy the finale! :)

Ms. Channy stood there in disbelief. The floor near the now locked teacher’s bathroom was stained with toilet water. Some of which was on Channy’s feet and made her desperation increase due to the watery feeling. The bottom front of her shirt lifted up a bit and a little of her belly showed. Her skin was turning pale, her bladder and stomach sending off pulses one after the other quickly of needing to go pain. She kept her legs closed tight. She could not loosen…or else.

“Ttthis ccan’t be happening to me!” Ms. Channy said. Her eyes widened as she felt a glisten of pee start leaving her crotch. She crossed her legs while standing. Arms at her side. Her teeth jittered. The bell RANG! It almost scared the pee out of her. She held tight. So hard she lost breath. “I…ggotta hold it!” she said in a low, breathless, strained voice.

“Ms. Channy,” Ms. Maclen said as she placed her hands on Channy’s shoulders. “It’s going to be ok. You’re a grown woman, you can hold it.”

“HMMMMMMM!” Ms. Channy squealed in utter despair. “I…i…don’t know if I can. I haven’t had to pee this bad in years, and it’s usually at home during the weekend with my own bathroom.” She VERY carefully walked to class. TWO HOURS. She had to hold it, or…….she would wet her pants in from of the whole school. She was a well-respected teacher, she couldn’t lose her pee. Her white pants would show if she let it out. And there was a LOT in her. This load was stressing her out. She was sweating and heard the pee slosh around inside of her body as she went to the other end of the school.

Class started. Her facial cheeks bloated in and out from deep breaths to deal with the pee pressure. “Ok class, did everyone do the assigned reading today?”

No one spoke. One kid shot his hand up. “I did Ms. Channy!” A clear teacher’s pet.

“Ggood Jamie. Give us a summary.”

“Well, this chapter focused on Columbus’ sailing across the OCEAN.” A word related to water. The pulses were coming hard and fast, but that watery word made the pulse at that moment cause an explosion of pain. She kept her legs crossed tight as she sat on her desk in front of the class. Her foot dangled her shoe to the end of the toes. Jamie continued, “The men on the boat did not have much. WATER was their biggest resource.” Ms. Channy’s lips trembled. She saw a few kids in class staring at her clearly exposed bottom bloated belly. They could understand now what her problem was.

That next hour was the LONGEST of her LIFE! She looked out her window near the end of this class and saw the town donut shop. It was right next to the school. It opened later in the day. She looked at the clock: it would open in about ten minutes. She had a five minute window after the bell. She could storm downstairs (carefully) and use the donut shop’s bathroom. She had to. There was no choice. She had started to lose some drops already she barely caught before this class. The school’s bathrooms were all out of order. She was trapped in a toiletless prison. She felt another few small drops break through and hit her panties, warming her bottom self. Causing a distress of desperation. Gotta…hold…it in! Almost there! Hold it, Channy, hold it!

The bell rang. DING DING DING! Ms. Channy did not even wait for her class to finish. She had to go now! She walked as fast as she could which was not very fast at all. She had put on her black jacket before since it was cold out. Her body rocked left to right to take pressure off her bladder each time and regain grips on her crotch with her legs. The Principal stood at the front door. She could not walk past him. She had to go out the back way, which would extend her trip. It was like the universe was against Ms. Channy! She struggled to the back of the school, reached the front door and as she walked out her belly jiggled. The pee inside still had more streams fill it here and there, not much, but the weight of her bladder had been unbearable for over two hours already. She did not have much time. There was no way she could make it another class. She knew it was this, or……she hoped she made it.

She reached the donut shop. She entered in and was breathing quick breaths heavy as she gazed around. Where’s the freaking bathroom?!!?? She thought.

“Can I help you?” an employee said behind the counter.

“Ummm….”Ms. Channy struggled to find words. It was ironic she taught History…cause her pants and panties and reputation were on the verge of becoming history as well. “Do you have a restroom for customers?”

“We do. Paying customers only though.”

Ms. Channy pulled her hair. “Fine, fine, okay! Give me anything.”

“We have a menu of over fifty things. That’s a tough call,” he laughed. “Just pick.”

She could not think well. She struggled to get into her pockets that were pressed so tight due to her bladder and pulled all she could out. Two dollars. “What will this get me?” She looked at the clock and saw she had to be back at her room in three minutes.

“Two donuts and a coffee special.”

“Fine, yes. I’ll take that to go. Where’s your bathroom!?!”

“What kind of coffee? We have over a dozen flavors.”

Channy shook so hard. She wanted to reach over and strangle this guy. But her bladder started beating so hard she heard it. She felt the overbearing pressures of loads of pee pressing on her inner muscles. Her crotch was slowly being pushed open whether she liked it or not. “Please, just a plain. Whatever I don’t care really. I just need to use your bathroom really, really, REALLY badly!” Her legs wobbled and knees went inwards.

“One original with two donuts. Which donuts?”

Channy bit her lips and eyes widened and burned as sweat got into them. She hugged herself tight and her foot went out and tapped the floor hard and fast. “For God’s sake give me two glazes. I don’t care, please! Hurry!” The cashier rung it up, got the order. “Can I use your bathroom?”

“In the back, down the hall, enjoy.” He handed her the bag. She tossed it in the garbage. Ignoring her receipt.

Ms. Channy walked side to side fast down the hall and almost fell dead LITERALLY when she saw i: A LINE! Two employees stood outside the bathroom squirming in their dark uniforms. Ms. Channy looked at her watch and saw she had only a minute left to get to class.

“Eeexcuse me may I cut you?” Ms. Channy asked. “I’m going to have an accident here, honestly. Please let me cut I’d be grateful.”

The employees bounced. “We only get one break today. We gotta go.”

Ms. Channy pulled on her face. “Ms. Channy?!?” She turned around. The Principal stood there. “What are you doing, I saw you run out. Class starts soon.”

“Sssiiirr!” she said. “I’m sorry but I have honestly been trying to get in the bathroom ALL day. Then it breaks down. Please, sir I-.” He shook his head and grabbed her arm and yanked her away. All the way back to the building and to the staircase pointing up. She looked at him, tears in here eyes, about to cry. She went to the halls, and kids would be going into the rooms in seconds.

There were no working bathroom here. She had a day’s worth of boiling heavy pee inside of her. She shuffled her legs over one another. Her lips trembled. She saw a student drinking from the fountain. She felt utter torment. But wait!?!? If the fountain as working…she looked and saw the out of order signs had been taken down. By a miracle the janitor must have fixed the water pipes himself. She was going to go to the student’s room. No choice, she was close to blowing up in front of everyone. She walked.

“Ms. Channy,” said someone who grabbed her by the arm. She turned around shaking uncontrollably. “I didn’t get my paper done last night. I’m sorry but-.”

“It’s fine, it’s fine!” Ms. Channy said. “You’re fine, hand it in Monday.” She continued down the hall. She whispered to herself, "I'm going to explode in my pants!" She was approaching the women’s restroom. She once again, in a greater strength, a warm glint of pee sparkling across her crotch. A little few drops did fall out and hit her panties and gave a small stain under the crotch on her tight pants. She stopped quick and squeezed her legs. She felt a bulge breaking through her crotch like an anchor. She was crying. Ms. Leathan came by.

“Hey Channy,” Leathan said. “I’m sorry about earlier but I was about to burst. I’m sorry I cut you but I was honestly going to wet myself. I mean, could you imagine the embarrassment of a teacher like us wetting ourselves in front of the whole school. Ms. Channy turned red from approaching humiliation and anger. She was shaking like she was cold. “Are you ok…oh no. Did you ever get to go even?”

Ms. Channy shook her head, and started to walk away again. She stretched her hand out reaching for the door knob of the one woman’s room in the school. She gripped the knob, turned it slowly and she walked in. She saw all of the stalls were occupied.

She hugged her body and crossed her tight white pant legs. She bent forward unable to speak. Only cry. Oh come on, come on, come freaking on already PLEASE! A toilet flushed and it almost triggered her bladder to pop. The stall door opened. She walked very slowly into the stall, saw the beautiful toilet, unbuttoned her pants as she closed the stall door, but was PULLED out of the stall. Ms. Leathan ran in saying, “I’m so sorry but diarrhea!” She shut the door. Channy was banging on the stall door with both fists. Ms. Leathan had once again stolen the toilet from her! Channy had her pants unzipped and was at the toilet, she was LITERALLY THERE! She looked to the other stalls, but they each developed small lines of girls. EMERGENCY her bladder rang in alarm. EMRGENCY EMERGENCY! The inside of her crotch burned like fire.

She had to make it to the other end of the school. She pushed out of the door and came out, many students still strolling the halls, and fellow teachers, even the Principal nearby talking to someone. Ms. Channy did not know due to such intense nerves she had streams of pee leaking down her legs. Staining her pants.

“Oh gross!” one girl yelled and pointed. Ms. Channy turned around and looked at her back pants.

Her eyes almost popped out of her head. “Oh no, oh no,” Ms. Channy whispered in total terror. Her bladder had had enough! Her body turned against any small will she had left and BOOOOOOOOOMMMMM! Just like the pipes in the school two hours ago, her body’s pipes BURST! “No, please stop!” she screamed as she grabbed her crotch. Turning red and bleeding tears from her eyes as everyone stared from students to teachers. “NOOOOOOOOOOO!” Her bladder burst open on the part where the urethra attached to, and pee shot out of it and through her and out of her body with more force than anyone had ever seen.

Ms. Channy’s white pants expanded off of her legs as they filled with liters of warm pee and streamed down her legs, onto her bare feet ruining her shoes. She became wet almost all over, her bottom half soaked. She held her belly as she felt it blowing out huge streams one by one out of her body, into her panties and pants, and not only destroying them but her reputation. People backed away from her as the pee expanded from her feet as more poured out.

THERE WAS SO MUCH! A thick yellow puddle expanded a dozen feet around her. Bubbles sizzled from it. She felt so uncomfortable even more than before cause her bladder, now finishing being emptied, felt like it was shot at. Her whole stomach hurt so much and crotch so weak something worse happened: MS. CHANNY POOPED HERSELF RIGHT THERE AS WELL! Her body gave up all strength and let everything out. Her darkened pants from the pee now blew from the butt and down the legs brown. It was watery, it stunk…Ms. Channy was humiliated. She cried and covered her crotch as people took photos and some laughed.

“Ms. Channy!” the Principal yelled. She looked at him crying so hard she could not even hear him. She fell to her knees and covered her face.

“WHHHHHYYYYYY!” Ms. Channy screamed, crying harder than she ever had. She blamed herself since she would have gone numerous times if she was not so careless. “I’m so humiliated.” She got up. “I…I…oh my God! WHHHYYYYY!” She ran but slipped on her pee and fell on her face. Her clothes and reputation ruined.

The end.

*013*2017-06-26 00:42

Did anyone else like the ending???

*015*2017-06-26 02:20

{{1 hour ago, randomrobot007 said:

I liked it a nice end to a great story

}}

Do you wish Ms. Channy had made it? lol

*019*2017-07-08 18:51

HEY GUYS! Someone mentioned the ending here being unrealistic. After rereading I agree. I also kind of fixed a part of the story that I messed with. It mostly the same but MORE realistic. ###

Ms. Channy stood there in disbelief. The floor near the now locked teacher’s bathroom was stained with toilet water. Some of which was on Channy’s feet and made her desperation increase due to the watery feeling. Staring at the locked out of order bathroom, her gate to release and salvation was no longer available. She ALMOST made it. She was SO close! She shook from pain and anxiety. Channy was so sad that she was first to go at the beginning of the day but was dragged through conflict after conflict. Now the pipes had burst and she had. K choice but to hold it for two hours...or things would get very messy for her, literally. "Oh god!" She thought.

The bottom front of her shirt lifted up a bit and a little of her belly showed. Her skin was turning pale, her bladder and stomach sending off pulses one after the other quickly of needing to go pain. She kept her legs closed tight. She could not loosen…or else.

“Ttthis ccan’t be happening to me!” Ms. Channy said. Her eyes widened as she felt a glisten of pee start leaving her crotch. She crossed her legs while standing. Arms at her side. Her teeth jittered. The bell RANG! It almost scared the pee out of her. She held tight. So hard she lost breath. “I…ggotta hold it!” she said in a low, breathless, strained voice.

“Ms. Channy,” Ms. Maclen said as she placed her hands on Channy’s shoulders. “It’s going to be ok. You’re a grown woman, you can hold it.”

“HMMMMMMM!” Ms. Channy squealed in utter despair. “I…i…don’t know if I can. I haven’t had to pee this bad in years, and it’s usually at home during the weekend with my own bathroom.” She VERY carefully walked to class. TWO HOURS. She was a well-respected teacher, she couldn’t lose her pee. Her white pants would show if she let it out. And there was a LOT in her. This load was stressing her out. She was sweating and heard the pee slosh around inside of her body as she went to the other end of the school.

Class started. Her facial cheeks bloated in and out from deep breaths to deal with the pee pressure. “Ok class, did everyone do the assigned reading today?”

No one spoke. One kid shot his hand up. “I did Ms. Channy!” A clear teacher’s pet.

“Ggood Jamie. Give us a summary.”

“Well, this chapter focused on Columbus’ sailing across the OCEAN.” A word related to water. The pulses were coming hard and fast, but that watery word made the pulse at that moment cause an explosion of pain. She kept her legs crossed tight as she sat on her desk in front of the class. Her foot dangled her shoe to the end of the toes. Jamie continued, “The men on the boat did not have much. WATER was their biggest resource.” Ms. Channy’s lips trembled. She saw a few kids in class staring at her clearly exposed bottom bloated belly. They could understand now what her problem was.

That next hour was the LONGEST of her LIFE! She looked out her window near the end of this class and saw the town donut shop. It was right next to the school. It opened later in the day. She looked at the clock: it would open in about ten minutes. She had a five minute window after the bell. She could storm downstairs (carefully) and use the donut shop’s bathroom. She had to. There was no choice. She had started to lose some drops already she barely caught before this class. The school’s bathrooms were all out of order. She was trapped in a toiletless prison. She felt another few small drops break through and hit her panties, warming her bottom self. Causing a distress of desperation. Gotta…hold…it in! Almost there! Hold it, Channy, hold it!

The bell rang. DING DING DING! Ms. Channy did not even wait for her class to finish leaving. She had to go now! She walked as fast as she could which was not very fast at all. She had put on her black jacket before since it was cold out. Her body rocked left to right to take pressure off her bladder each time and regain grips on her crotch with her legs. The Principal stood at the front door. She could not walk past him. She had to go out the back way, which would extend her trip. It was like the universe was against Ms. Channy! She struggled to the back of the school, reached the front door and as she walked out her belly jiggled. The pee inside still had more streams fill it here and there, not much, but the weight of her bladder had been unbearable for over two hours already. She did not have much time. There was no way she could make it another class. She knew it was this, or……she hoped she made it.

She reached the donut shop. She entered in and was breathing quick breaths heavy as she gazed around. Where’s the freaking bathroom?!!?? She thought.

“Can I help you?” an employee said behind the counter.

“Ummm….”Ms. Channy struggled to find words. It was ironic she taught History…cause her pants and panties and reputation were on the verge of becoming history as well. “Do you have a restroom for customers?”

“We do. Paying customers only though.”

Ms. Channy pulled her hair. “Fine, fine, okay! Give me anything.”

“We have a menu of over fifty things. That’s a tough call,” he laughed. “Just pick.”

She could not think well. She struggled to get into her pockets that were pressed so tight due to her bladder and pulled all she could out. Two dollars. “What will this get me?” She looked at the clock and saw she had to be back at her room in three minutes.

“Two donuts and a coffee special.”

“Fine, yes. I’ll take that to go.

Where’s your bathroom!?!”

“What kind of coffee? We have over a dozen flavors.”

Channy shook so hard. She wanted to reach over and strangle this guy. But her bladder started beating so hard she heard it. She felt the overbearing pressures of loads of pee pressing on her inner muscles. Her crotch was slowly being pushed open whether she liked it or not. “Please, just a plain. Whatever I don’t care really. I just need to use your bathroom really, really, REALLY badly!” Her legs wobbled and knees went inwards.

“One original with two donuts. Which donuts?”

Channy bit her lips and eyes widened and burned as sweat got into them. She hugged herself tight and her foot went out and tapped the floor hard and fast. “For God’s sake give me two glazes. I don’t care, please! Hurry!” The cashier rung it up, got the order. “Can I use your bathroom?”

“In the back, down the hall, enjoy.” He handed her the bag. She tossed it in the garbage. Ignoring her receipt.

Ms. Channy walked side to side fast down the hall and almost fell dead LITERALLY when she saw it: a LINE!

Two employees stood outside the bathroom squirming in their dark uniforms. Ms. Channy looked at her watch and saw she had only a minute left to get to class.

“Eeexcuse me may I cut you?” Ms. Channy asked. She was literally dancing from desperation. She bounced as her legs were running in place.“I’m going to have an accident here, honestly. Please let me cut I’d be grateful.”

The employees bounced. “We only get one break today. We gotta go.”

Channy wanted to cry and run away. The line would not move fast. She had to go back to school. Ms. Channy, the one teacher who waited through endless lines and such was the one who wouldn't get to go. She wanted to go home but she would be fired on the spot for ditching her own class.

Once back in the school, Ms Channy felt her bladder shoot off alarms as a warm line sinker against her crotch. She was springing a leak. She clenched her legs so tight they became numb. RED ALERT!!!!!!! Her bladder rung. Then she felt another bloated feeling inside. "Oh no...not that."

She bit her lip and looked all around. Seeing the out of order signs on all the bathrooms and knowing there was no access to a toilet drove her nuts. Her panties had no hope for survival. She didn't know, but even as her legs crossed and people stared as she awkwardly and slowly bounced, her body was giving up. Her muscles were weak after all day holding.

"Ew nasty!" A girl behind Ms Channy yelled. The girl pointed and Ms Channy started to sweat as she noticed her pants had a thick dark wet line. She was peeing herself.

Her eyes almost popped out of her head. “Oh no, oh no,” Ms. Channy whispered in total terror. Her bladder had had enough! Her body turned against any small will she had left and BOOOOOOOOOMMMMM! Just like the pipes in the school two hours ago, her body’s pipes BURST! “No, please stop!” she screamed as she grabbed her crotch. Turning red and bleeding tears from her eyes as everyone stared from students to teachers. “NOOOOOOOOOOO!” Her bladder burst open on the part where the urethra attached to, and pee shot out of it and through her and out of her body with more force than anyone had ever seen.

Ms. Channy’s white pants expanded off of her legs as they filled with liters of warm pee and streamed down her legs, onto her bare feet ruining her shoes. She became wet almost all over, her bottom half soaked. She held her belly as she felt it blowing out huge streams one by one out of her body, into her panties and pants, and not only destroying them but her reputation. People backed away from her as the pee expanded from her feet as more poured out. THERE WAS SO MUCH! A thick yellow puddle expanded a dozen feet around her. Bubbles sizzled from it. She felt so uncomfortable even more than before cause her bladder, now finishing being emptied, felt like it was shot at. Her whole stomach hurt so much and crotch so weak something worse happened: MS. CHANNY POOPED HERSELF RIGHT THERE AS WELL!

Her body gave up all strength and let everything out. Her darkened pants from the pee now blew from the butt and down the legs brown. It was watery, it stunk…Ms. Channy was humiliated. She cried and covered her crotch as people took photos and some laughed. She was in disbelief and shock.

“Ms. Channy!” the Principal yelled. She looked at him crying so hard she could not even hear him. She fell to her knees and covered her face.

“WHHHHHYYYYYY!” Ms. Channy screamed, crying harder than she ever had. She blamed herself since she would have gone numerous times if she was not so careless. “I’m so humiliated.” She got up. “I…I…oh my God! WHHHYYYYY!” She ran but slipped on her pee and fell on her face. Her clothes and reputation ruined.

Ms. Channy, high school history teacher, wet and crapped her pants.

The end.

*021*2017-09-09 21:15

Anyone else like the adjusted ending? lol hope others read this story

*022*2017-11-10 23:15

From the ending, where could I go from there if I wanted to continue this story? Any ideas?????? Using Ms. Channy

