Makoto's Unfortunate Timing - A Persona 5 Story ft. Makoto

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2025-05-10 18:08

Another Comm! This one I can't believe I hadn't posted yet! This one stars a post-P5 college-age Makoto with a part-time job at a customer support center, and then encounters a series of unfortunate events that delay her relief! Makoto's my favorite P5 girl, so this one was a fun one to write! Hope you enjoy!

Makoto's Unfortunate Timing

Makoto let out a light sigh as she returned to her desk, a fresh mug of coffee from the break room in hand. Makoto never used to be a big coffee drinker, and she almost never used to drink anything with caffeine after around maybe 2-3 pm, with the occasional exception of an evening cup at the LeBlanc during Phantom Thieves meetups. Once college hit her full-force, however, she found herself staying up later in general. A cup here and there for late-night study sessions, or even swinging by the thieves’ old haunt in the evenings when she had the most free time between classes and her new job was becoming a new habit.

Still, Sojiro, and to a lesser extent Ren, had both spoiled her when it came to high quality coffee. The lukewarm liquid sloshing around in her mug was worlds away from anything she could order at LeBlanc, or anything Ren could whip her up on the occasions they got together at his place. Still, if it could get her through the rest of her shift today, it would have to do.

Makoto took a bracing sip of the bitter cup and gulped it down before checking the time on her phone. She had nearly 2 and a half hours left in her shift. She felt her shoulders slump at the thought. Makoto took a deep breath and focused back up, reaching for her headset as she logged back into the computer in front of her. She was ready to get back to work.

Makoto had landed a job as a customer support associate at a company that sold office supplies like printers, fax machines, and bulk orders of other office technology directly to other businesses. It wasn’t exactly her first choice of job, but it would get her some work experience and help her pay for stuff through college. Makoto had resolved not to rely so heavily on her sister from now on. Especially since stepping down from her prosecutor job and turning to public defense, Sae wasn’t exactly making as much as she used to, and Makoto was done being a burden.

Of course, sometimes that left Makoto with long days like today, where she had a full day of classes, and then a particularly long shift. Not to mention that afterwards she was supposed to meet up with Ren and the other Ex-Phantom Thieves after this. They had all originally made plans for that day because she had the day off, but one of her coworkers called out and her supervisor asked her to come in. Since Makoto was still relatively new, she wanted to prove that she could be reliable in a pinch and leave a good impression, so she agreed anyway.

She was already growing tired of work, but the thought of getting to relax and hang with Ren and the others, as well as the coffee, would help her power through it.

Once Makoto got settled in, however, she noticed the telltale signs of discomfort from her abdomen. She was starting to feel like she had to pee. Makoto frowned. She just sat down, and had just been off on her break. Trips to the bathroom were permitted at any time, but generally it was frowned upon to take your proper break and then immediately return only to get right back up and go. Not to mention Makoto didn’t really have to go that badly. She could probably hold it until the end of her shift if she needed to.

Pushing the sensation to the back of her mind, Makoto waited for a call to come in. Sometimes the company was very busy, but other times it could be rather slow. When she had the time, Makoto would browse the system since she was still familiarizing herself with its ins and outs. She also took the time to read any emails and keep herself busy.

It wasn’t long before she started getting calls in. The first was an inquiry about ordering a set of 20 new desk phones and headsets for a new wing they had just set up at their office. Makoto quickly looked up the price, but the man on the other end seemed upset at how much it would cost and gave a curt thank you before hanging up. Another was a previous customer who was having invoicing issues that Makoto was able to resolve by simply resending the invoice request in the system.

Then there was a company looking to order a new printer for their workspace, and a few others looking to order replacement ink and toner, all simple sales which Makoto knew how to handle. After those two, Makoto leaned backwards and stretched, letting out a light yawn as she reached for her mug again. She took another few sips and was starting to regret not putting any cream or sugar in it. Normally she drank her coffee black but it would help this particular mug go down easier.

To rinse out the bitter taste in her mouth, Makoto reached down for the water bottle on her desk and took a few big gulps. As soon as she did, she realized just how thirsty she was. Talking on the phone so much really dried her mouth and throat up, and she had been so distracted she hadn’t noticed. Looking to rehydrate, she took a few more big sips before putting the bottle back down and sitting back up to resume working.

As she did so, she felt her bladder nag her again. It was a stronger urge this time, but not enough to concern her. She glanced down at the time. It had been 20 minutes, and she probably could get away with getting up again. Then again, she had just gotten back into a workflow and standing up again would throw her off a little. She liked to minimize how many times she got up from her desk if she could help it.

It’s not that bad. I can barely tell unless I focus on it. I’ll just wait until it starts to get uncomfortable.

With that, Makoto gave her thighs a light squeeze and turned her attention back to her job.

It took a few minutes before Makoto got another call. It was another previous customer needing to set up an appointment for their annual printer servicing. There was a slight snag where the customer misread the warranty number and got very upset when Makoto told him the warranty was invalid, but once he realized his mistake he apologized profusely.

After the call, Makoto let out another sigh. This wasn’t the first time she got yelled at over the phone, and it certainly wouldn’t be the last, but it always made her frustrated just how quickly some people turned to anger when she was just doing her best to help them. Still, he apologized in the end, so Makoto figured it wasn’t worth dwelling on.

Between calls, she reached down for her water bottle and kept taking consistent swigs, as well as slowly working through her mug of coffee. It was cold by now, and really wasn’t that appetizing, but the caffeine was helping stave off some of the late-afternoon grogginess that was starting to kick in.

Makoto got another call, and as she answered it she noticed another slight nag from her bladder. It was filling up faster than she expected, but she was drinking coffee, which was a diuretic, as well as drinking her water pretty quickly. Still, she wasn’t feeling really full yet, and she could still push the sensation to the back of her mind.

The customer on the line was looking to order a couple of new printers for their office. Normally Makoto wasn’t meant to handle sales, and leaned more on the customer support side of things, but occasionally if the sales lines were super busy she’d get routed a few here or there. As such she wasn’t as experienced with the sales end of things and took a bit more time than usual helping set up the sale. She also wasn’t familiar with the sales pitch and felt a little awkward reading from the suggested talking points.

Still, the customer on the other end didn’t seem to mind, and Makoto was even able to convince her to upgrade to their extended service and warranty plan. The sales supervisor wasn’t her direct boss, but he had come around a few times to urge them to try to upsell if they did get a sales call. Makoto didn’t very much like the man, but she didn’t want to directly argue back and cause any problems for her own supervisor, so she liked to do what she could to keep him off her back.

After the unexpected sales call, Makoto once again turned her attention to her bladder. Or rather, it drew her attention to it when she leaned forwards and put some pressure on her abdomen. It was filling up rather fast, and starting to get a little uncomfortable. Before, she could only feel it when she specifically paid attention to it, but even when she tried to turn her attention back to work, it was still a constant nagging in the periphery of her mind.

I should think about going soon. It’s been long enough since my break, and my bladder is filling up faster than normal.

She imagined it was from all the coffee she had drank earlier. Her latest mug, which she polished off just before receiving another call, wasn’t her first of the day, and she also recalled drinking a bottle of green tea earlier too.

Her next call was a simple troubleshooting call, where the printer had just been jammed and Makoto walked them through the process of clearing the jam and the error code on the printer. She liked these calls the most. They were the simplest to handle and usually Makoto was able to easily walk the customer through the process relatively easily.

Afterwards, she rubbed her thighs together as another nagging signal came from her bladder. She let out a sigh and figured there was no point putting it off any longer. She still had at least an hour and a half left in her day, and with how uncomfortable the urge was already growing, there was no way she’d be able to work efficiently while holding it the whole time.

Makoto took off her headset, running her hand through her hair to fix it before turning her desk chair and getting ready to stand up. Just then, however, one of her other coworkers popped her head around the dividers between their cubicles. She was a woman only a few years older than Makoto named Keiko, and she had an urgent expression on her face.

“Hey, I’m getting a call on my phone but I really need to go to the bathroom. Do you mind if I send it over to you? I’ve gotten call after call back to back and I’m practically bursting here!”

There was sweat beading on her forehead and even though she was only poking her head around the divider, Makoto could tell she was practically dancing in place.

“Sure thing, I’ll cover for you,” Makoto nodded. Not only was Keiko her senior in the company, and had helped her out with the ropes quite a bit, but she really seemed like she needed to pee, while Makoto was only starting to feel uncomfortable. She could wait one or two more calls.

“Thank you so much!”

Keiko popped back into her cubicle briefly, and Makoto grabbed her headset again, seeing the call being passed on through to her. Once she answered, she spotted Keiko practically leaping up and rushing over towards the employee bathrooms.

Seeing her coworker in such a desperate state only reminded Makoto of her own filling bladder, and she pressed her thighs together as another nagging wave hit her. Still, she pushed the sensation back down and turned her attention to the call.

“This is EbiTech Business Solutions. My name is Makoto Niijima and I’ll be helping you today. What can I do for you?”

“Ah yes, Niijima-san? I was looking for some troubleshooting support,” a man on the other end of the phone called, “My name is Daisuke Hano and I run a small online shop, but naturally we have an office and use one of your printers. Recently this one’s been acting up, and not printing evenly.”

“I can see how that would be inconvenient for your business. Let’s see if we can get that fixed for you today, Hano-san,” Makoto began. She pulled up the troubleshooting page in the company’s system and put in “product issue” and then “printer”. The next box prompted her for the specific model of printer.

“What’s the model of the printer you have?”

“Ah, give me one sec, it’s one of the 500 series from your company…”

She heard rustling and shifting around on the other end, where clearly Hano was searching for the exact model. As she waited, she felt another wave of pressure from her bladder. She had been putting it off for a while, so now the urges were coming more frequently.

She glanced up towards the restrooms as she shuffled in her seat slightly. She’d definitely need to make a trip there as soon as she was done.

“Ah, it’s the 502-T model,” Hano finally answered.

“Got it, 502-T.”

Makoto typed that into the troubleshooting helper, which produced a number of the most common issues, as well as a search bar for anything else, and links to manuals and repair handbooks for their technicians.

“Okay, so when you say the printer isn’t printing evenly, how exactly are the prints coming out?”

“Ah, well, the text on the printer is sometimes coming out unevenly, like it’s crooked compared to the paper. Other times the ink itself is uneven with lines like it’s running out, but we just ordered a fresh toner cartridge the other week and installed it properly.”

“I see, give me one sec,” Makoto paused, putting that info into her troubleshooter. It definitely seemed like it was two separate issues, but it could also be something more serious. Either way, it was going to take some time to work through with Hano. This wasn’t going to be a quick fix.

Her bladder seemed to protest at the idea of a longer call, and sent her a stronger wave that forced her to lean forward slightly and press her legs together. She tapped her foot and spotted Keiko coming back, looking relieved. She mouthed a very sincere “thank you again!” as she passed Makoto’s cubicle and returned to her own.

Makoto was slightly envious that this complicated call was supposed to go to her more experienced coworker, as well as the fact that she was starting to need to pee herself. Then again, with how badly it looked like Keiko needed to go, if she had taken the call, Makoto might’ve saved her from a very embarrassing accident.

Turning her attention back to Hano, she began walking through the basic tech support questions. Have you tried resetting it? Is the printer giving any error codes or messages when printing? Have you tried taking out the toner cartridge and reseating it?

All the while, Makoto was more and more conscious of her bladder really filling up. Perhaps it was because she had put it off until it started getting distracting, and then was denied relief, but Makoto was surprised by how urgent her need was at this point. She was really shifting around in her seat, bouncing one leg restlessly as she worked with Hano to try to fix his printer issues.

It didn’t help that, between troubleshooting attempts, the two had to wait there for the printer to boot up and then print out a test page. Each time, Makoto was eager for Hano to report the test page printed properly, only for him to give her the bad news that it was still crooked and splotchy, and the problem still persisted.

As the call dragged on, Makoto was getting more and more frustrated that nothing seemed to be working. Obviously she kept it professional and kept herself calm, but this was really becoming a headache. She also felt her throat going dry from all the talking, and despite her already full bladder, she was forced to take another few gulps from her water bottle here and there.

“Once again, no dice, it’s still printing wonky,” Hano reported the results of the test print on their latest fix.

Makoto had instructed him to open up and try to see if the head was misaligned, and then have the printer run a recalibration cycle. That process itself had taken quite a bit of time, and in the end it didn’t seem to make a difference.

That was the last thing on Makoto’s list. There wasn’t really anything else she could instruct him to do over the phone.

“Sorry, I don’t have any more ideas on what could be wrong,” Makoto apologized, “Give me one second.”

Makoto poked her head over the cubicle to Keiko, and saw she wasn’t in a current call, “Hey, Keiko, can I ask you for help?”

She explained the customer’s problem and a brief summary of everything they tried. She was hoping Keiko’s experience might help out here. As she stood, though, she realized just how much worse her urge to pee felt when she was standing. She started worrying as she crossed her legs, hoping Keiko wouldn’t notice her discomfort. She played with the hem of her skirt anxiously as she finished telling Keiko what was up and waited hopefully for a response.

Unfortunately, Keiko looked just as stumped, “Sorry, Makoto, I can’t think of anything else. You’ll probably have to offer to send a repair technician out to look at it in-person.”

“I was going to suggest that if you didn’t have any ideas, but I wanted to double-check just in case,” Makoto nodded.

“Sorry, I know you took that call because of me,” Keiko apologized, “But if I had taken it I would’ve really been in trouble!”

“It’s fine,” Makoto shook her head politely.

Keiko flashed her a grateful, apologetic gaze, and Makoto turned back to her computer, unmuting her headset.

“Sorry for the wait, I was just checking to see if there were any more troubleshooting steps we could try over the phone,” Makoto explained “Unfortunately, there isn’t anything else we can do without sending a repair technician out to take a look.”

Hano let out a sigh, “How much will that cost? And how soon can they be out here?”

“It’s going to cost 10,000 Yen to send a tech out there for the repair, but depending on how complex the repair is, parts and labor could be up to ¥80,000.”

“Ah, that’s a bit expensive… but that’s only if I need expensive parts, right?”

“Yes,” Makoto nodded, “Unfortunately, I don’t really know what parts you might need, or how complicated the repair will be.”

“Ah, let me think about it for a moment.”

“Of course,” Makoto replied politely. Really, though, she just wanted to get this call over with so she could go to the restroom. She tapped her foot impatiently as she heard typing and clicking from a computer on the other end. Her bladder sent her a particularly strong wave and Makoto tensed up, leaning forwards slightly and swiveling her chair back and forth until the wave passed.

“Ah, actually, I think we’re just going to upgrade. I see on your site there’s the 700-X model that’s roughly 47,000¥. If we’re already going to pay 10,000¥ to send someone out here, and then maybe another 20-30,000¥ for parts and labor, it’s just better to upgrade. Besides, this printer’s an older model and we’ve been talking about upgrading it anyway.”

“Alright, Hano-san,” Makoto clicked over from looking at the page for sending a tech to a business, and switched to the sale page of the system, “I can set you up with that right away.”

In the end, Hano rejected the upsell to the extended warranty, but accepted a 3000¥ charge for rush delivery. Makoto was nearing the finish-line of this very complex call, and she was just happy she was able to come to some satisfying resolution for Hano.

She was happy too, because the pressure in her abdomen was really becoming uncomfortable. Makoto was trying not to squirm too much, but she really did need to pee. She kept glancing over at the restrooms eagerly, rubbing her thighs together as she tried not to focus too much on it. Of course, she was far beyond the point where she could just brush it off. It was a constant wave of discomfort at the back of her mind that just wouldn’t go away.

Though, even though she was nearly done, and she could end the call right there and just be done with it, there was one thing she recalled from earlier in the call, and she wouldn’t feel right not mentioning it.

“By the way, Hano-san,” Makoto spoke, feeling her bladder protest at her further delaying her relief, “You mentioned earlier recently ordering that fresh toner cartridge for the 500 model. Unfortunately, that won’t fit the new 700 model that you’ve ordered, but we do have a toner recycling program. If you send that back to us, we can send you a refilled toner cartridge for the 700-X. Normally it would be 75% off the cost of a brand new toner cartridge, but since you ordered it less than 60 days ago and are upgrading printers, I can waive that fee for you.”

“Oh? That would be wonderful! How do I do that?”

“Well, I’ll include a pre-printed return label for the toner in your order, it should come with the printer. Once we get it, we’ll send you the refilled toner cartridge for free. Then of course the next time you have an empty cartridge, you can send that one back, but you will have to pay, but it’s only 25% of the cost of a brand new one, and guaranteed to last just as long.”

“Perfect!” Hano exclaimed, “Sorry for all the trouble, Niijima-san. And thank you once again for all your help! You’ve been wonderful!”

“You’re welcome, it was no trouble at all, and I’m glad we were able to come to a solution, even if we couldn’t get your old printer running,” Makoto replied, “unless you need anything else, I’d like to thank you for calling us at EbiTech Business Solutions, you’ll be sent an optional email survey to rate your customer service experience, and I hope you have a wonderful day, Hano-san.”

“Thank you! I’ll be sure to fill that out! Take care!”

With that, Hano hung up, and Makoto clamped her thighs together. That had taken much longer than she had intended. She glanced down at the clock and was horrified to see it had been nearly an hour. No wonder she really had to pee.

Before she could get hit with another call, Makoto signed out temporarily and stood up. Once again, standing made the urge so much worse, and her bladder protested the sudden movement. She rubbed her knees together and shuffled in place until she regained her composure. Once she did, she made her way right over to the restrooms.

“Niijima-san, where are you going?” a voice called from behind her.

Makoto wasn’t expecting anyone to call out to her, so she whirled around, startled. She felt a sudden pulse from her bladder and tried to discreetly squeeze her thighs together as she looked up at her supervisor.

Her name was Watanabe, and she was a fierce-looking woman who reminded her a lot of her sister, with a stern demeanor and a refined yet rigid posture. She kept her black hair tied up neatly in a bun and had angular glasses that did nothing to soften her sharp gaze.

Despite that, deep down she was kind to her employees, if not a bit strict. She also was constantly fighting off other supervisors, like the sales supervisor, from complaining too much about her employees or department, especially since she was one of the few female supervisors at Ebitech. If Makoto were to guess, this was the main reason she kept such an uptight air.

“Ah, sorry, I was just making a quick trip to the restroom,” Makoto explained. She hoped she didn’t look like she needed to go as much as she did. She kept a straight posture despite her bladder’s constant waves of fullness.

“Oh, didn’t you get my email?” Watanabe asked, “A nearby construction crew hit the building’s water line. They had to shut off all water to the office. The restrooms are out of order.”

“Oh, sorry, I didn’t see it,” Makoto bowed apologetically, then glanced towards the restrooms nervously. She felt her bladder send a pang of protest. She had just thought she had to make it through the call, but now she couldn’t even use the office restrooms, “I just got done with a rather lengthy call.”

“Well, sorry you missed it. I gave everyone a last-minute call for the restrooms fifteen minutes ago,” Watanabe frowned, “Is it an emergency, Niijima-san? I’m guessing you’ve already taken your last break.”

“Yes, but it’s not that urgent. I’ll be fine,” Makoto raised her hands defensively, “Plus I’m off in thirty minutes anyway.”

“That’s good,” Watanabe nodded, letting out a breath of relief, “Otherwise you would’ve had to leave the building to try across the street, and that’s against company policy for an employee on the clock. So if it was an emergency it would’ve made things a bit complicated.”

“Don’t worry about it, I can wait until my shift’s over,” Makoto reassured her, though with how full her bladder was, she knew it wasn’t going to be comfortable.

With that, Makoto returned to her desk, feeling her full bladder squeeze in protest trying to get her to go. Of course, while her mind was resolved not to make a big deal out of the situation and simply wait out the last thirty minutes, her body was already fed up with holding it for as long as it had already.

As Makoto sat down, she felt the shift of her position put pressure on her bladder and she bit her lip. Her knees knocked together gently as she rubbed her legs, reaching down to play with the front hem of her skirt. She signed back into the system and saw the notice for the offending email. Indeed, it was addressed to the whole building, explaining that they needed to shut the water off in ten minutes, and that all sinks and bathrooms would be out of order for the rest of the day. It encouraged all employees to either go before the water was shut off, or plan to use their break to find nearby restrooms in other businesses.

Of course, the cruel irony was that, even if Makoto had seen this email, she wouldn’t have been able to act on it. She was fully stuck in that customer service call and transferring mid-call to another employee was generally against the rules unless there was a real emergency. No matter how full Makoto’s bladder felt, she knew this didn’t qualify as an emergency.

Still, Makoto had definitely downplayed how badly she needed to go to Watanabe. Her bladder was full and she could feel the telltale signs of a bulge pressing against the waistband of her skirt. She was also restless, and couldn’t sit still in her desk chair to save her life, swivelling it back and forth as she rubbed her thighs together.

Makoto tried to focus back on her work, taking calls and sending and reading her emails. She was pleased to see that her efforts earlier got her a five-star review from Hano, who had added she was extra patient and helpful, and ultimately went above and beyond in her customer service. It was things like that the supervisors liked to see, especially from a newer employee.

Still, it was towards the end of the business day, and predictably the calls started slowing down. Usually no one really liked to call at the last minute, especially when you’re dealing with businesses who want to start closing things down for the day too. Makoto usually found the pattern nice. She could send any emails and do any other paperwork or extra training on her end, and if she didn’t have any of that, she could get in some studying.

Today, though, all Makoto could think about was just how full her bladder was. Perhaps it was because she was expecting to get to go as soon as she got off the call with Hano, but sitting at her desk and having to hold it made her feel like her bladder was swelling up by the minute.

She did get a few more calls in, but unlike before when she would’ve preferred a shorter customer call, now each simple solution ate up only minutes of her time, and did very little to distract her. She found her eyes constantly darting to the time as she felt waves of pressure pulsing from her abdomen.

Makoto found herself resisting the urge to discreetly hold herself, using the cover of her desk and cubicle to briefly slip her hand between her legs. She knew if she got caught in such an unprofessional position, she would get in serious trouble. She resorted to clutching the arms of her desk chair, tapping her fingers as she tried to ignore the growing urgency.

By the time she had five minutes left on her shift, Makoto seriously needed to pee. She was sure if Watanabe swung by now to check on her, she'd immediately see straight through Makoto’s earlier bluff. Still, all she had to do was hang in for five more minutes, and she’d be fine.

Makoto told herself that, but she knew she’d still have to make it out of the building and into a proper bathroom. The walk wouldn’t be fun, but Makoto knew she could hold it. There were a few times back when they all had their Personas, and particularly long Palace runs or a long stint in Mementos really tested her bladder’s limits.

Even before joining the thieves, there were times when a combination of her pressures as the Student Council President, her being forced by the principle to investigate the Phantom Thieves, as well as keeping up with her studies led her to neglecting her own body. She recalled one time she had been trailing Ren, hoping to catch him doing something sketchy. She could tell he was trying to give her the slip, so she was particularly persistent. Of course, because she’d been so focused on tailing him, she hadn’t peed all day and as much as she wanted to put it off, she reached the point where she could no longer wait, and had to break off to find a bathroom.

Unfortunately at that point it was rush-hour in the middle of Shibuya and there was a long line at the station restrooms. Makoto had then rushed to the restrooms at the underground mall and found another lengthy line. Not wanting to risk the next place she tried being equally as packed, she decided to stick it out and wait in line. By the time she had made it to a stall, she was really starting to think she wouldn’t make it.

At the memory, Makoto’s bladder spasmed, and Makoto stiffened up straight in her seat as she clamped her thighs together. She had to stifle a strained squeak of surprise as she fought back against the wave. Reminiscing on memories of other times she had to pee was not helping.

Thankfully, that had been the last wave to hit her on her shift, and Makoto was able to sign out and clock out of the system properly. She quickly cleaned up her station and let out a relieved sigh as she gingerly stood up.

“Hey, Makoto,” Keiko poked her head over the cubicle as she stood up too, “It’s the weekend, so did you want to go out for drinks? On me, since you really saved me back there!”

The mention of drinks didn’t help Makoto’s situation, nor did the memory of Keiko squirming desperately, but Makoto was grateful she had a way to turn Keiko down lightly, “Sorry, I was supposed to meet up with some old high school friends today. Maybe some other time.”

“Aw, alright then,” Keiko pouted before shrugging, “We definitely need to hang out some other time, though!”

“Of course,” Makoto nodded, “but I gotta run. I’ve already kept them waiting.”

Makoto wasn’t even lying. The Phantom Thieves were all waiting on her to get off of work to meet up. Though right now her rush was entirely self-motivated. As soon as she was out in the hallway, out of sight of anyone, Makoto allowed herself a little desperate dance as she rubbed her abdomen. She could definitely feel a slight bulge.

Hopefully the walk to the convenience store isn’t too bad… and I hope the restrooms are open!

Makoto quickly regained composure and continued down the hall, exiting the building. She was immediately hit with a brisk wind from the outside air and it immediately heightened her need. She quickly threw her coat on and bit her lip as she started down the sidewalk.

“Hey,” a voice suddenly called from behind her.

Makoto gasped and felt herself let out a small leak in surprise as she jumped and whirled around. She was ready to punch whoever had the gall to sneak up behind her like that, but immediately relaxed a little when she realized it was Ren, giggling to himself smugly.

Makoto crossed her arms, trying not to be too mad despite feeling the small damp patch of fabric under her skirt. He did have the habit of sneaking up on her and surprising her like this, and ordinarily aside from rolling her eyes and calling him a dork she wouldn’t mind. This time, however, he had genuinely startled her, which did her and her bladder no favors.

“Seriously Ren?” Makoto pouted.

“Sorry, wanted to have a little fun,” Ren smiled, “Especially since I don’t get to sneak up on Shadows anymore.”

Makoto shook her head, but was immediately reminded of why she had been in such a hurry before Ren had shown up when her bladder gave a strong squeeze. Makoto clenched her teeth and pressed her thighs together, not wanting to get caught shuffling desperately in front of Ren.

“It’s been years, Ren, you don’t have to keep doing that. Especially with me,” Makoto pointed out, “What are you doing here anyway? I thought the plan was to meet up with the others at Kichijoji?”

“Well, that was the original plan,” Ren nodded, “But we all figured it’d be a nice surprise if we came and got you.”

“We?” Makoto replied nervously.

“Makoto!” she heard another familiar voice shout. From behind, Haru threw her arm around her shoulder in a side-hug, her puffy hair tickling Makoto’s cheek. Ann popped up too, grabbing them both in an energetic hug from the front.

Their movements kept jostling around and Makoto shuffled in place as she felt the movements head straight to her full bladder.

“Don’t forget about me,” a calm, deep voice came from behind them. Yusuke, whose sense of fashion was as vibrant as ever, popped up and he struck a pose.

“Dude, you’re still so lame,” Ryuji placed a hand on Yusuke’s shoulder and shook his head in disapproval before flashing his toothy grin, “Anyway, you guys ready to party?”

“Looks like the gang’s all here,” Futaba popped up, also out of nowhere. She was holding a game system in one hand and Makoto could hear faint blips and beeps from the game through her headphones, “I wanted to stay in the van, though.”

“The van?”

“Yup, it’s the same old one from before, though I’m surprised to see you guys painted it like me, Missed me that much, huh?” Mona popped out of Ren’s shoulder bag, as usual.”

“Dude, we just painted it black, the old paint was peelin’ off,” Ryuji pointed out.

“Oh come on, I’m totally the reason you painted it black! The Monacar is back in action!”

“Actually, it was because black paint was the cheapest,” Yusuke interjected, “Personally I would’ve preferred a more striking color.”

While the conversation turned to chaos, Makoto cast a longing glance at the direction of the convenience store, still rubbing her legs together. If it had just been Ren there, or just the girls, she would’ve been more comfortable admitting she really needed a trip to the restroom. With everyone though, she was trying to figure out the best way to slip away for a moment.

Before she could, however, Ren spoke up, “Come on, we’re gonna embarrass Makoto in front of her job. Let’s get going.”

“Alright!”

“Yeah, let’s go!”

“Come on, Makoto, we have so much to catch up on!”

“Yeah, it’s been forever since we’ve seen you!”

“H-hey guys, wait-”

Makoto found herself getting caught up in the chaos of everyone else’s enthusiasm, and before she knew it, she was sitting in the passenger’s seat next to Ren. She was sitting stiffly, her bladder bulging as she tried not to squirm in front of the others. Still, it seemed she couldn’t hide her discomfort from Ren, who looked over at her from the driver’s seat.

“What’s wrong, worried I’ll drive like back in Mementos?”

“N-no,” Makoto shook her head, “Besides, you weren’t a bad driver back then. Though getting your proper license helped.”

Makoto knew the best choice was to just admit she really needed to pee, and to ask them to wait, or even drive her a block down to the convenience store. Though as she saw the others, the idea of admitting that openly brought a blush to her face and the words fizzled out on her lips.

“I’m just a bit tired from the long day, that’s all. The energy from seeing everyone hasn’t quite kicked in yet.”

Ren didn’t look totally convinced, but everyone claimed to be ready to go, so he started up the car and everyone started enthusiastically chatting once again.

Makoto mentally mapped out the route in her mind. If they were taking the car, it would be about a fifteen minute drive to Kichijoji. It was longer than she would’ve liked, especially since she was already so desperate and she had once again been so close to getting to pee, but she was pretty sure she could make it.

We’re planning on going to the jazz bar, so it’ll be more natural to just go once everyone sits down. I can make that. I think.

“Hey, Makoto,” Ann leaned forward in the seat, “What is your new job anyway? I think you mentioned it once over text but you know my brain leaks like a sieve sometimes.”

Makoto would’ve preferred if Ann had avoided the word leak, but she smiled as she looked back, “Oh, I basically take customer support calls for the company. It’s just stuff like tech support and other troubleshooting for printers, phones, and other technology typically used in an office.”

“That’s so lame,” Futaba called out, though Makoto could tell there was no malice in it.

“I imagine that wasn’t your first pick of a job, right?” Haru asked.

“No, I just kind of wound up there. I just wanted to have some money coming in to take the burden off of Sis.”

“Are you even working, Futaba?” Yusuke asked.

“Hehehe, actually, I am! Can’t tell you what, though.”

“Hey, why does that sound like you’re doing some super shady hackin’ or some shit?”

The conversation shifted to what everyone was up to and how their jobs and college have been going. Unfortunately, Makoto was finding it harder and harder to keep up with the conversation. If she had been ready to pee after getting off her shift, she was beyond desperate now.

This is bad! I’m really regretting not telling Ren and the others to wait up for me!

What was worse was what was up ahead. One thing Makoto hadn’t thought about when factoring in the time it would take them to get to Kichijoji was that it she had just gotten off of work, along with a ton of other people as EbiTech had pretty standard business hours. That meant it was now rush hour on a Friday evening, and they were heading towards one of the more popular social hubs in Tokyo.

“Ah man, traffic?” Morgana whined as he looked up ahead.

“For real?” Ryuji slumped his shoulders.

Makoto looked practically petrified at the sight of the long backup of cars ahead of them. Their car crept to a halt and Makoto rubbed her knees together. She bit her lip nervously, trying not to squirm as she stared ahead and pleaded for this not to be real.

No way! There’s no way I can make it!

Makoto felt her bladder pulsing, sitting like a rock in her abdomen as she fought against its waves of pressure. The wet patch from her leak earlier was now cold and rubbing uncomfortably against her crotch, only making her need to pee that much worse.

She could’ve probably made it-- just barely- without the traffic. Now however, she felt like she was staring down an impossible boss.

“Are you okay?” Makoto heard Ren whisper. Clearly he had caught on that she wasn’t okay, but was still too embarrassed to openly say it in front of all the others. It was embarrassing enough admitting it to just him, but they were dating so she felt much more comfortable voicing it.

“I need to… I need to pee. Really badly,” Makoto finally admitted, blushing and looking down.

Ren looked up, alarmed, and realized what position they were in. He looked down the road and saw there was a place to turn off and park up ahead, but there were at least twenty cars until then and they were barely moving.

“Do you think you can make it until we can turn up there? Hopefully there’s a convenience store or something up ahead.”

Makoto looked up and her heart nearly sunk when she saw how close, but how painfully far away it was. Still, it was a far sight better than somehow trying to hold it through this traffic all the way to Kichijoji, and Makoto was familiar with this area.

“I… I think I can. And I know there’s some markets and other shops that should have a restroom.”

“Hang in there,” Ren reached down and squeezed Makoto’s hand reassuringly.

“What are you two lovebirds whispering about up there?” Ann teased.

“N-nothing!” Makoto panicked, feeling herself leak again as the sudden call perfectly coincided with a strong wave from her bladder. She blushed and refused to turn around, not that moving at this point was an option if she wanted to stay dry anyway. She fought off the wave as Ren covered for her.

“I forgot that I needed to pick up some stuff for Sojiro before tomorrow, and it’ll probably be too late once we leave Kichijoji. Makoto just reminded me there were some markets up ahead where I can pick up what I need.”

It was a pretty lame excuse, and Makoto wasn’t sure the others would buy it, but Morgana jumped in.

“You’re so forgetful without me, Joker! You really should just carry me around all the time like you used to, not just for meetups!”

“Well, we’re not goin’ anywhere fast with this traffic anyway, so a detour ain’t so bad,” Ryuji admitted.

“Maybe I should also check if there are any sales,” Yusuke muttered, mostly to himself.

Haru nodded, “Window shopping the markets can also be quite lovely.”

Makoto was grateful Ren had helped her keep things under wraps, but that was only half the battle. The second part was getting there. The traffic was very stop and go,and Makoto was already nearing her limit.

She looked ahead nervously, bouncing her leg restlessly as she resisted the strong urge to hold herself. Rather than waves, her bladder was practically trying to squeeze the pent up flood inside of her out. She was practically sweating with the effort of keeping her thighs clamped together.

She kept her eyes glued to the cars in front of her, watching as each one slowly crept up and passed the street they could turn off. They just had to get there. She just had to make it.

“What do you think, Makoto?”

“H-huh?” Makoto looked back at Futaba and Yusuke, who, along with the rest of the Phantom Thieves, were looking at her expectantly. She had to pee so bad she could barely keep track of the conversation, and now turning around in this awkward position was putting even more pressure on her bladder. It was practically screaming at her.

Realizing she couldn’t sit like this and keep holding it for long, Makoto blushed and slipped her hand discreetly down to hold herself, jamming her fingers up her skirt and pressing hard against her crotch. The slight semblance of relief helped,and the others in the back couldn’t see her from behind the front bench seat, but her face was red knowing Ren had a full view of what she was doing.

“I was just teasin’ Inari over his outfit, but he insists I just don’t understand ‘true art’ or whatever,” Futaba explained.

“I wanted to know what you thought of my outfit. Everyone else seems to think it’s rather garish,” Yusuke finished catching Makoto up.

“Ah, well, it’s definitely a bit eccentric, but I think you pull it off surprisingly well,” Makoto answered.

“Ah, see, thank you.”

“Are you sure you’re okay, you’ve been pretty quiet,” Haru asked in concern.

“Yeah, and you look flushed,” Ann added.

“You guys, I’m fine,” Makoto lied.

Naturally, she was at war with her own body. Her bladder was about to burst, and she really was trying her best just to hold on those last few minutes until they reached the turn. Naturally, as much as she was trying to hide this from the others, they knew her better, and the longer she hid her squirming and desperately holding herself from them, the more suspicious they were becoming.

“You sure?” Ryuji asked.

Yusuke chimed in, “You do look rather uncomfortable.”

“She did have a long day, I’m not surprised she’s tired,” Ren tried.

“Oh, did you two have a fight?” Ann asked, “Is that really why you were whispering earlier?”

“That would make things rather awkward with all of us here,” Yusuke agreed.

Ryuji furrowed his brow, “I dunno, is that really it, I mean-”

Makoto got tired of their speculation. She glanced up ahead. They were almost at the turn anyway, and there was no way she wasn’t going to rush off with her hand between her legs and sprint to the closest restroom at this point. They would find out one way or another, and this way she could just focus on holding instead of being interrogated.

Makoto turned back around, more openly squirming as she jammed her other hand between her legs too. She clamped her eyes shut and finally blurted out, “I just really have to pee!”

“We’re stopping just up ahead,” Ren spoke aloud, “Hang on just a bit longer.”

The car fell into an awkward silence as Makoto squirmed and panted in the effort to fight her bladder. Suddenly she felt a strong squeeze come from her abdomen and she felt herself leak again. Except this one was different. It was longer, and it took her more effort to bring it under control.

Makoto stifled a gasp, and the others looked at her apologetically.

Haru cheered her on awkwardly, “Hang in there, Makoto!”

“Sorry we whisked you away when you had to go,” Ryuji apologized.

“You totally looked like you did, but you didn’t say anything so I figured I was off,” Futaba chimed in.

“I was embarrassed, and you guys really caught me off guard,” Makoto admitted.

“Are you going to make it?” Yusuke asked.

“You can’t ask a lady that, Fox!” Ann lightly slapped Yusuke’s shoulder.

“We’re almost there, I’ll be-” Makoto began.

Suddenly, however, another strong squeeze came from her overfilled bladder. She fought back the urge, but another leak escaped out into her already wet panties. It was at the point she was sure she’d start leaking into her skirt if she let any more out. Unfortunately, unlike the other squeezes, this one didn’t let up. She felt like she was on the verge of peeing, and that sensation throbbed inside of her no matter how much she squirmed or crossed her legs.

Realizing she was at her limit, she looked up, only to see there was still one car left before the turn. In fact, a smaller car could’ve squeezed their way through, but this big van wasn’t going to cut it. That being said, Makoto simply wasn’t going to make it.

“Ren, unlock the door!”

“What? But we’re almost-”

“Please, and hurry!”

Makoto looked Ren in the eye and realized just the sheer urgency of the situation. Makoto heard the door click and she reached up with one hand, scrambling for the handle and flinging it open. The van was a left-hand drive import that originally belonged to one of Sojiro’s friends, so Makoto found herself practically in the middle of the road.

She had to awkwardly hobble around the front of the van, other cars honking at her. She must’ve looked like a sorry sight-- one hand jammed between her legs as she scrambled the last few feet to the street they were going to turn off. She rushed down the sidewalk, looking for the markets up ahead.

Of course, she was already at her limit, and as close as the markets were, they were still just that little bit out of reach. She felt herself leak again and it dribbled out between her legs. She wasn’t going to make it. She glanced around frantically, spotting an alley between two storefronts, and dove down it.

As soon as she was out of sight of the road, she hid herself as best as possible and hiked up her skirt. She couldn’t get her panties down fast enough, however, and she practically exploded out onto the floor of the alley. Her stream sprayed messily, flowing down like a cascading waterfall over rocks as it flowed down and between her legs in multiple streams.

Makoto kicked off her dress shoes in an attempt to salvage them, but it was too little too late. They were already soaked and the puddle was already spreading to where they had landed.

Makoto bent down to try to make herself less visible as she continued to pee, gasping and panting as the sheer pressure from holding it for so long slowly subsided. She felt her knees grow wobbly as she continued to half-squat and dropped herself into a proper squatting position, nearly losing her balance and falling before bracing herself against the back wall of the alley.

Apparently in the time she had fled from the van and barely made it to the alley, Ren had been able to park the vehicle, and she could hear the other Phantom Thieves calling out to her as they rushed past the alleyway. For a brief moment she was relieved they had missed her, but then Ren glanced down the alley and spotted her almost immediately.

Ren rushed up to her before realizing what she was doing and he immediately spun around, offering a flustered “Sorry.”

“Of course you’re the one who found me,” Makoto blushed as she continued peeing. Her bladder muscles were so strained she was positive she couldn’t stop if she wanted to.

“Well, I still have my Third Eye. Haven’t lost all my tricks. Don’t worry, if the others come back down, I’ll block you off.”

“Thanks,” Makoto looked down. She was a mess, and still peeing through her panties. Her socks and shoes were a disaster too, and even though she tried to hold it out of the way she was sure the back of her skirt felt damp.

Still, Makoto allowed herself one relieved moan as the painful pressure slowly faded into a dull throb and blissful relief that washed all over her body as she fully emptied out. Her splashing stream trickled off and stopped after what felt like minutes, and Makoto finally stood up. She fixed herself up, but her socks squelched in her shoes as both were wet, and she felt gross and uncomfortable as the warm pee running down her legs quickly began to cool in the winter weather.

“Sorry, they had to shut off the water at work today, so I was holding it through most of the end of my shift. When everyone showed up, I just got flustered and didn’t want to say anything. I know I should’ve just spoken up, but then I would’ve had to explain and-”

Ren placed his arms around Makoto comfortingly and he smiled at her, “It’s fine.”

“It’s not fine! Adults shouldn’t have silly accidents like this,” Makoto looked down at herself, “Besides, I’ve pretty much ruined the meetup. I can’t go to the jazz bar like this.”

“Your apartment isn't too far from the station, right? We could take the train.”

“But what about the car?” Makoto asked, “Everyone was really excited to drive.”

“It’s more important that we all go together. That’s why we wanted to take the car in the first place. It’s the first time everyone’s schedules have lined up in a while, so it felt nostalgic. Of course, that won’t work if you’re not there.”

Makoto found herself nodding, feeling her worry melt away. Despite the situation, she was feeling a lot better already.

“You always know just what to say. How do you do it?”

“I know all the right dialogue options.”

“You’ve been playing too many games with Futaba,” Makoto let out a sigh as she shook her head, then her lips curled into a soft smile, “But thank you, I am feeling much better. Well, my mind is more at ease, at least. My legs are wet and getting cold.”

“I think there’s a towel in my bag. Might have cat hair all over it, though.”

Makoto laughed, “That’ll still work. I’ll get back to the car and clean myself up as best as possible. You find the others.”

“That’s my Queen!”

“Y-you can’t just call me that out of nowhere anymore!,” Makoto pleaded as Ren ran off with a grin on his face. She could feel her own face burn against the cold air. She shook her head and headed back to the car.

It was definitely a bit awkward explaining things to everyone else, but in the end, they were more than happy to drive back to Makoto’s apartment and wait for her to properly clean herself up and change. In the end, they all took the train to Kuchijoji and had a wonderful night at a certain old jazz bar, reminiscing about their time as the Phantom Thieves, and where their lives were headed now.

