Rodrick discovers the pleasure of a full bladder

Author: Reddy5423

*000*2021-11-19 02:16

I'm still learning how to write stories, so it might not make any sense at all, and I'm not a native English speaker, so be prepared to find lots of mistakes. I hope you enjoy it!

Damian and Rodrick were a couple, and both liked football. They were watching a soccer match on the TV today, and both were wearing soccer gear. As soon as the game started, Rodrick started drinking lots of beer. Fifteen minutes later, he started feeling a slight urge to pee, but he ignored it since he thought he could probably hold it until the game ended.

He then drank a few more cans of beer. Ten minutes later and his need was starting to become bothersome, but he wasn't bursting yet. He put his hands inside his underwear and gently massaged his balls in an attempt to relieve the pressure a little bit. Five minutes later, he felt it was full down there.

He didn't want to get up and go to the bathroom, though. Rodrick still wasn't drunk, even though he had drunk several cans of beer, but his need to pee was quickly getting worse every minute. At that point, his full bladder was starting to distract him, and he barely could pay attention to the match. He again put his hand inside his underwear and grabbed his dick a little to relieve the pressure, but it was useless. Damian noticed that something was wrong with his boyfriend...

DAMIAN: Is something wrong with you? I mean... you look a little nervous and restless.

RODRICK: I'm fine! I'm just... excited for our city's team to win!

DAMIAN: (It looks like he's desperate to pee already. I like it, I have to come up with something to make things... ehm... hotter)

Fifteen minutes later, Rodrick was even fuller than before, and his bladder was visibly bulging out of his skinny abdomen. At this point, nothing helped anymore: trying to find a more comfortable position, grabbing his dick, squirming... nothing worked! He tried to lower down his soccer shorts a little and lift his shirt. Damian noticed that his boyfriend's bladder was swollen and rock hard and, since he was crazy about omorashi, he started having lots of fantasies.

DAMIAN: (Oh gosh, look at how big his bladder is now! What if I press it? No, I have a better idea... I could order him to go on all fours while I finger his g-spot and he tries to not leak... so many cool things I can try with him!!!!)

DAMIAN: Hey, honey, I know you have to pee really bad, admit it!

RODRICK: Ok, ok, I'm... *sighs* I feel like I'm gonna explode. It's hurting so bad.

DAMIAN: Why don't you go to the bathroom and release all that piss?

RODRICK: I'm fine, I can hold it a little longer!

His bladder filled and stretched more and more as time passed and his bulge became bigger and bigger. He was so full he couldn't even move. Even breathing made it harder to hold. As the bladder started pressing on his prostate, he got very horny. His hardon made it a little easier to hold. He was holding a little more than 1 liter of piss by that point. This was a completely new experience for him since he never had to go as bad as this time.

DAMIAN: Lemme suck your dick!

RODRICK: I don't think it's a good idea!

Damian puts his boyfriend's dick on his mouth and sucks it gently. He also used one hand to massage his balls and the other to stimulate his perineum. They weren't even paying attention to the TV anymore. Rodrick was very turned on from all that stimulation, he had never felt it so good before. Well, I guess it's because he was really sensitive down there. He was trying really hard to not accidentally piss on Damian's mouth.

RODRICK: Honey, I have to get up now... I need to rush to the bathroom, I'm gonna burst!

DAMIAN: *still sucking his dick*

RODRICK: Please!!!! Let me go!

DAMIAN: *presses Rodrick's bladder*

RODRICK: Don't touch there! It hurts so bad man! I have to go now, really, I'm not kidding! If I don't go now, I'm gonna flood the sofa. I need to fucking release that river of boiling piss NOW!

Rodrick was holding 1,5 liters of piss already! It was way beyond his limit. If he doesn't rush to the bathroom asap, he would explode and release his huge torrent of piss at any second!

RODRICK: Damian, please, let me go! It's hurting so bad and I'm about to leak *sigh*

RODRICK: *leaks two drops of piss mixed with precum on Damian's hands*

RODRICK: Fuck! *moans*

DAMIAN: Ok, I'll let you go to the bathroom, but...

RODRICK: *involuntarily releases a small spurt of piss* *sigh* Shit!!! I'll do everything you want, but please lemme go! I'm losing control!!!!

His bladder was hurting so bad and was so full that it was difficult to walk, so he had to go slowly. He leaked another spurt of piss, that lasted about one second until he could regain control again. As soon as Rodrick approached the toilet, the piss immediately started gushing out loudly and strongly. He moaned in relief. While he pissed, Damian licked his ass. Rodrick's piss flow started stopping and his dick became hard.

DAMIAN: Did you finish pissing already?

RODRICK: Not yet, bro! My bladder is still half full, but I can't pee with a hard dick, so...

DAMIAN: I've never seen you pissing like that!!! I'm... so turned on!

RODRICK: I'm still a little full of piss, so... wanna play with me?

DAMIAN: Sure!

Damian licked Rodrick's ass and then inserted his finger on his ass and brutally touched his g-spot. The pleasure was so intense that Rodrick couldn't hold it back and released uncontrollably the rest of the piss all over himself, soaking his soccer shorts and underwear. After that day, he would always hold his pee as much as possible and play with it. He discovered the magic of omorashi.

