Washrooms of the Wastelands - A Borderlands Story [Lilith and Moxxi]

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2023-02-25 22:41

Here's another one! This one was an interesting request. It was inspired by this rather odd "instructional" porn(?) video where a woman is teaching other girls how to pee standing up (https://www.erome.com/a/b4jZf0cS

). The request was to recreate a scenario where Moxxi and Lilith team up to recreate it to teach new female Vault Hunters how to relieve themselves out in the badlands. This one focuses more on the peeing and the teaching aspects rather than the desperation, but you know me, I slipped some desperation in there anyway~ I hope you all enjoy, and if you're interested in a story commission like this one, feel free to DM me!

Washrooms of the Wastelands

Lilith stood at the entrance to a familiar bar and let out a sigh, mentally preparing herself before she entered. She had no idea why Moxxi had called her down here, but she had been excited, and that was always a wild-card when it came to her. She wasn’t called Mad Moxxi for nothing, after all.

Stepping into the bar, Lilith found Moxxi waiting, sitting atop her bar and looking far too pleased with herself for her own good. She beamed at Lilith and beckoned her over.

“Lilith! Just the woman I wanted to see! Sit down, sit down, sugar! And have a drink, on the house!”

Lilith raised an inquisitive eyebrow at Moxxi as she slid her a red drink on the rocks. Moxxi was definitely up to something.

“You’re buttering me up, aren’t you?” Lilith crossed her arms, though she still picked up the glass and took a tentative sip.

“Who, me? I would never!” Moxxi gasped in mock offense, before realizing that Lilith wasn’t buying her act, “Okay, you caught me. I have a proposal for you. A business venture I cooked up that I need your help with.”

“Oh, is that all?” Lilith let herself relax a little, “And here I was worried it was something crude. Or violent. Or, knowing you, both.”

“Oh come now, am I really that bad?” Moxxi asked, before immediately regretting the question, “Don’t answer that. But moving on to the proposal, you and I both know there’s bound to be an influx of new vault hunters, many of whom will be looking for guidance and wisdom from a more experienced source, such as yourself.”

“You want me to open a school or something? There’s no way I’m teaching a bunch of wannabe hunters.”

“Oh no, nothing so formal, honey,” Moxxi smiled, “Besides, I know your time is precious, Commander. No, I had something else in mind.”

Moxxi produced a camera, and Lilith once more arched an eyebrow at her.

“Tutorial videos?”

“Precisely!” Moxxi smiled, “But not for the obvious stuff. I mean, most of it is common sense, and if those pretty new faces can’t figure it out on their own, they’re gonna die anyway. But I was thinking of teaching some… unconventional wisdom.”

“Like what?” Lilith asked, still hesitant about all this.

“Well, you and I both know that one of the hardest things about being leaving the safety of a settlement, especially for us pretty little ladies, is managing our bodily functions,” Moxxi pointed out, “I mean, any guys are free to whip it out and relieve themselves, but we’ve gotta be a little more tactful. That is, unless we practice with standing up just like the boys.”

“You want us to make a video that teaches aspiring vault hunters how to pee standing up?”

“That’s the idea, sugar!”

“And you’re sure that the target audience of this little scheme of yours is female vault hunters, just wanting to learn?”

“Whatever are you implying?” Moxxi asked.

“Well, you’re not exactly known for your modesty, and I know there are quite a few guys-- and hell, quite a few girls too-- who’d pay good money to watch me undress. I’m sure the peeing part won’t put them off. In fact, for some of them it might be the main attraction.”

“You really think I’d solicit you for some kind of weird fetish video and disguise it as a tutorial for new vault hunters?” Moxxi asked, “I would never, I’m serious on this one.”

Lilith still wasn’t convinced. She finished up the drink Moxxi had handed her and stood up, making her intentions to leave pretty clear.

“Sorry, Moxxi, but even if you’re being serious and this IS just an honest attempt to teach new vault hunters some useful knowledge, you’ll have to find someone else to help out.”

“But you’re more recognizable, and you actually helped FIND a Vault,” Moxxi insisted, “Besides, you and I both know that you’re pretty experienced with peeing standing up. It would look pretty bad if I went with some other lady who made a mess all over herself!”

Lilith still wasn’t interested. She turned her back to Moxxi and took a step towards the door.

“You’ll get a cut! A big cut, too! 30%! And I’ll be willing to part with that bottle of Trinity Whiskey I know you’ve been eyeing on the top shelf for months! I had to twist a lot of arms to get that bottle, but I’ll throw it in to sweeten the deal!”

Lilith let out a sigh. Clearly Moxxi was insistent on this one, and she was sure that even if she turned her down here, Moxxi would bring it up again sooner or later. Besides, that bottle of whiskey was rather tempting.

“Make it 40%, and you’ve got a deal.”

***

“Hello ladies of the wasteland! I bet you’re all just giddy to get out there and tackle the wilderness, fight your way through bandits and monsters, and find your own Vault. But there’s something serious we need to talk about first. Sure, it’s all fun and games to go out there guns blazing, but you’ll need to stay healthy and hydrated out there, and that means soon enough you’ll have to find somewhere to let it all out! That’s right girls, today we’re talking about what to do when you’ve gotta pee!”

Lilith rolled her eyes as she listened to Moxxi speak to the camera. They were currently standing in a rocky valley, out in the middle of the badlands and far away from the eyes of others. They had taken a runner out filled with supplies for the day. Moxxi, ever the performer, had brought plenty of camera equipment, and they also had copious amounts of water and other beverages. Currently Lilith was sipping on a large bottle of water and starting to regret her decision, especially with Moxxi’s painful script.

“That’s right, girls! It’s totally unfair that guys get to just whip it out and go wherever, especially when a good toilet is so hard to find out here! But that’s where we come in! I’m here with resident veteran Vault Hunter Lilith herself to show you girls that we can pee standing up just as well!”

Moxxi wrapped an arm around Lilith and pulled her into view of the camera, whispering for her to smile. Lilith forced a grin and Moxxi continued.

“Right now it would be a good idea to set aside some time and get some drinks! You’ll want to be nice and filled up for this tutorial! It might seem like a bad idea to practice on a full bladder, but sometimes you need that extra pressure! That’s why me and Lilith here are getting nice and full!”

Moxxi pointed to Lilith’s water bottle, and Lilith took a convincing swig. She wasn’t feeling full yet, but Moxxi had dragged her out here without letting her go to the bathroom first, so she knew it was only a matter of time before she had to go.

“So set aside some time for today! While you get ready, let’s talk about some of the reasons why you might not want to rely on peeing like a proper lady, especially out here!”

Moxxi then cut the recording, and began setting up the angle, “Okay, so next we should think of some stories to tell them while we’re getting filled up!”

“What kind of stories?” Lilith asked, taking another swig from her bottle. She polished it off and before she knew it, Moxxi was handing her another drink, while grabbing her own from the back of the runner.

“Well, I was thinking we could share some of the horror stories of the bathrooms we’ve found out there, places you just really don’t want to sit down. Or times when you were forced to hold it because there wasn’t a convenient place to go.”

“That’s a bit embarrassing though, right?”

“I guess, but how else are we gonna convince the newbies that they’re really gonna want to have this technique in their back pocket?”

“Well, I did pick up the habit because I was tired of finding porta potties that looked more like a psycho’s art project than a toilet.”

“Hang on, hang on, sweetie. Save the material for the camera! By the way, I’ve almost got it set up!”

Moxxi finished fiddling with the camera and had it pointed towards the two of them as they leaned up against the runner and sipped on their drinks.

“So, while our darling Lilith here is getting filled up, let’s talk about some of the reasons you might not want to rely on the restrooms scattered around Pandora’s many wastelands! Lilith, have any good stories to share?”

“W-well,” Lilith paused, partially out of embarrassment and partially to come up with a concrete example. Of course she had many struggles with a full bladder while out in the wastes, but it took her some time to conjure up a solid memory.

“There was this one time I got caught out in the desert. My vehicle was busted and I was running low on ammo and supplies. I had just taken down a few Scythids and I was afraid some of my flashier moves had attracted the attention of the bandits. That’s when I realized that I really had to pee. I knew I wasn’t going to be able to stop, so I was forced to hold it and keep moving. Eventually, I found a small camp the bandits had set up. It was well-guarded, but it had plenty of supplies. I really didn’t want to go into a fight on a full bladder, but there was nowhere else to go.”

Lilith felt her bladder twinge. She thought it might’ve just been her story and recalling how desperate she had been, but then she noticed that she was starting to fill up. She crossed her legs together subtly as she took another swig of her drink.

Moxxi looked over and asked, “You didn’t think to pop a squat where you were hiding?”

“No, there were barely enough rocks to hide behind, and there were some psychos patrolling around. I was afraid they’d notice if I went, and I had to piss so bad I knew once I started I’d be stuck there until I finished. Also this was when I was a little less experienced, so I was really trying to make it to somewhere with some actual privacy.”

“You heard it, girls! You won’t always get a chance to find privacy out in the wastes, you gotta be willing to go when and where you can!”

Lilith nodded, “Anyway, I managed to clear out the camp while holding it, but naturally by the time I was done, I was beyond bursting. I practically kicked down the door to the outhouse, but naturally the toilet seat was disgusting. Don’t leave janitorial duties up to bandits if you could help it. But I didn’t have time to be picky. I was forced to hover over the seat awkwardly and I still managed to piss all over the place. My shoes got sprayed pretty bad, and I nearly slipped a few times.”

“So, you’d say that being able to pee standing up would’ve saved your hide there?”

“Oh, absolutely,” Lilith nodded. She shuffled a bit uncomfortably, feeling another nagging signal from her bladder. She looked over to see if Moxxi noticed, but the other woman was looking at the camera. If Moxxi was starting to feel it too, she gave no indication as she continued.

“Stories like that are far more common than you think! Even I have my own,” Moxxi began, “See, this was back when I did more shooting and stabbing than hosting and bartending. I was in a real mess with some raiders, especially since they caught me looting one of their caches. I was armed to the tits, of course, but there were too many of them to take on all at once. I wound up hiding in an abandoned camp. I held out for as long as I could, but they were keen on finding me and I couldn’t hold it anymore. I tried to sneak out to take a quick leak, but I had to mess with my belt and by the time I got my pants down, they caught me and chased me away. And let me tell you, there are few things that suck worse than having to run away with a full bladder.”

Lilith felt her bladder send a sympathetic spasm, and she resisted the urge to grab herself, merely shuffling her legs as she listened to Moxxi’s story.

“I thought I lost them and was seriously about to burst, so I popped a squat… and nearly got my head shot off for my troubles. I was back up and running again in a flash, but my bladder wasn’t happy with me, especially after teasing it with relief twice. I could barely run with my bladder so full, and those raiders were hot on my trail. I couldn’t hold it anymore. I wound up totally pissing myself while running from those bastards. If I had been able to pee standing up, I could’ve been more inconspicuous, and I probably wouldn’t have had to wet myself just to make it out alive.”

Lilith didn’t know why she was surprised that Moxxi was willing to admit to straight-up wetting herself, but she seriously hoped Moxxi wasn’t about to ask her to share a similar story. Actually, she could feel her bladder filling up pretty fast at this point, and was hoping that Moxxi would move on to the part where she got to pee.

“So, now that we’ve explained some of the horrors of holding out for a proper bathroom out here, I hope you girls understand the importance of being able to pee quickly and efficiently! And there’s nothing more quick and efficient than peeing standing up!”

Moxxi moved the camera and pointed it at Lilith, particularly focusing on her legs, which she was having a hard time keeping still, “But it looks like our resident Vault Hunter is starting to fill up, so I think it’s about time we found somewhere to start the tutorial proper!”

Moxxi switched off the camera and smiled, “That was pretty perfect timing if you ask me!”

“Yeah, great timing, now let’s hurry up, where are we doing this?”

“I’m not sure yet,” Moxxi looked around, scanning the wasteland, “See anything good?”

“I thought the point of this was teaching people how to go anywhere?”

“Well, that’s the idea, but we still need to be a little cinematic about this! Besides, we’re pretty out in the open here, so we should find someplace safer. It wouldn’t do if some bandits or a big nasty creature came by and ruined our shoot.”

“Well hurry it up, I already gotta go.”

“Hold on, sugar, literally and figuratively,” Moxxi grinned, “I gotta pack up the equipment first.”

Lilith sat down in the driver’s seat of the runner and squirmed as she waited for Moxxi to pack up the camera. She rubbed her thighs together and tried to gauge the fullness of her bladder. She didn’t have to go that bad, but those stories had really heightened her desperation, and who knew how particular Moxxi would be about the location.

“I can’t believe I agreed to this,” Lilith let out a sigh.

A few long minutes later, and Moxxi had finished packing up and hopped into the other seat, “Alright, let’s look for something!”

“Finally,” Lilith stepped on the gas and sped off. She let out an oof as the off-roader ran over a few rocks and jumped into the air. This was not a good vehicle to drive on a full bladder, “We should’ve picked somewhere to go before I filled up.”

“I promise I won’t be too picky,” Moxxi replied, scanning around for some place for them to shoot the next part.

True to her words, it didn’t take Moxxi long to spot somewhere suitable for the next part of their tutorial. It was a broken down and abandoned starliner that had been thoroughly stripped of anything of interest. It was run down, but there was a mostly in-tact shower cabin.

“Perfect for practice!” Moxxi had said, “I know you don’t need any, honey, but I’m willing our audience will want their first attempts to be somewhere more private.”

“Sure, just hurry up, please,” Lilith asked. The bumpy drive had really taken its toll, and she was just eager to pee already. Part of her wondered if this was part of Moxxi’s plan. If she had been less desperate, she probably would be more hesitant to pee on camera, but now she didn’t care as long as she could empty her bladder.

Moxxi set up the camera and began her narration again, even as Lilith squirmed in the background.

“As you can see, we found an abandoned starliner that’s the perfect place to practice! We definitely recommend trying this technique out in the shower a few times before trying it out in the wastelands. There will be plenty of opportunities to go on the long flight to Pandora! It can take some time to get a neat stream, and to avoid getting your clothes wet! This is also why we recommend you to be absolutely bursting first! It can really help you blast that pee out of there! Generally, when you first start, your body’s going to try to resist. After all, we women aren’t used to letting it flow while standing. You’re probably going to want to naturally bend your knees, but you definitely want to fight this and keep them straight. Unzip your clothes and get your crotch uncovered, and then use your fingers to spread and aim!”

That was the cue. Lilith quickly fidgeted with her buckle and unzipped her shorts, pulling them down just enough to expose her crotch. She placed a finger on each side of her lower lips and spread, adjusting herself so her pee-hole was angled upwards and away from her underwear. She then relaxed and her stream shot out of her immediately. Her puddle splashed against the floor of the shower, but with the water off and the whole shower inoperable, it pooled in a puddle at the bottom, mixing with the dust and grime from the shower’s disuse.

Lilith’s stream stayed strong and clean as it arched away from her clothes. She was peeing like that for some time before she finally felt her bladder empty. She adjusted as her flow started to taper off, and she managed to finish with minimal dribbles. She then fixed her clothes and Moxxi gave some closing comments to the camera before turning it off.

“Good job!” Moxxi smiled, heading over to her. She already had another bottle lined up, and Lilith opened it up and took a swig, “That was an expert performance. Perhaps a little too good, we are supposed to be showing novices, after all.”

Lilith rolled her eyes, “What, do you want me to piss on myself next time?”

“No, of course not, sugar,” Moxxi waved her hand, “But you didn’t have to make it look so easy!”

Lilith drank as she watched Moxxi take down her equipment and begin hauling it back out to the runner. Lilith helped, grabbing the tripod and some light stands and headed out, shoving the stuff in the back. The two climbed into the vehicle and Lilith let out a sigh.

“Well, we have some time to kill before I fill up again, so now what?”

“Start driving around, I have an idea,” Moxxi replied. She grabbed the camera from the back and pointed it out to the wastes, “We can get some good B-roll of the wastelands.”

“Sounds good,” Lilith began driving.

The two spent quite a while idly chatting as Moxxi recorded the badlands rushing past her window. Surprisingly, it didn’t take long for Lilith to start to feel pressure from her bladder. She supposed she had to pee so soon because she had already held it earlier. Her bladder was already tired and she could feel it filling up faster. It also didn’t help that Moxxi made sure she always had a drink to sip on. As she finished her water bottle, she was handed a big bottle of some sort of sports drink “to keep up her electrolytes”.

Lilith was going to wait until Moxxi said she was satisfied with her B-roll footage, but her nagging bladder was starting to take precedence.

“We should look for the next place to film,” Lilith replied, shuffling her legs as she drove.

“Gotta go already?” Moxxi teased. Lilith shot her a dirty look and Moxxi took the hint. She turned out the window to find somewhere for them to stop.

“Hmmm…. Let’s see, maybe this time it should be something like an abandoned camp or somewhere…”

Moxxi kept scanning the wastes, and as Lilith drove she could feel each bump jostle her bladder. She waited anxiously for Moxxi to point something out, but the other woman just kept scanning the horizon with a scrutinizing gaze. Lilith couldn’t tell if she was stalling a bit on purpose, or if she was genuinely looking for something, but it didn’t really matter to her bladder.

Fifteen agonizing minutes of driving later, and Moxxi’s eyes finally lit up, “There, in the distance, there’s a bandit camp.”

“Finally,” Lilith looked up, expecting to see an abandoned bandit campsite, however, as they grew closer, something became increasingly apparent, “Hey, Moxxi, that’s not an abandoned camp. I see psychos wandering around the gates.”

“That’s nothing a little violence can’t fix for us!” Moxxi grinned, producing a couple of weapons from her cleavage. Lilith was always surprised and somewhat unnerved by the amount of firepower Moxxi could hide in there, but she was always too nervous to ask how she did it.

Unfortunately, Lilith wasn’t hoping for a fight, and neither was her bladder, “Can we find somewhere else, I really want to pee already.”

“What, don’t tell me you can’t hold it? Between the two of us, it won’t take five minutes.”

Lilith grunted as she felt her bladder protest and she grabbed a gun. She crashed her runner into one of the psychos and the bandits started firing on them, but Moxxi had her covered, blasting them with an incendiary round.

She and Lilith lept from the runner and charged into the camp, and sure enough, it didn’t take them long to clear it out. Unfortunately, all the running around, ducking, and shooting had done a number on Lilith’s bladder, and as Moxxi scouted for the perfect place to shoot the next scene, Lilith squirmed and crossed her legs.

“Oh, this will do nicely! They’ve been using this really gross makeshift outhouse as a bathroom, it looks like. Wouldn’t want to put my ass anywhere near this thing.”

Lilith looked over at what was more or less a glorified hole in a wooden shack. It was every bit as gross as she expected from bandits, and true to Moxxi’s idea, the exact reason why being able to pee standing up was a godsend.

“I’ll get set up real quick! Hang tight, sweetie!” Moxxi smiled, heading back to the runner and grabbing some supplies.

“Hurry it up already!”

Moxxi seemed to take her time setting up the camera, fiddling with the lights and making Lilith wait. Knowing her sadistic side, Lilith wasn’t surprised if she was taking her time on purpose. She kept shuffling in place and rubbing her knees together. She felt a sudden desperate spasm, and was forced to grab herself.

“What’s taking so long? I really gotta piss!”

“Sorry, it’s hard to get the right kind of lighting on this, especially since you’ll be standing in the way of the light once you’re in position.”

After what felt like ages, Moxxi finally finished setting up the lights and started recording. Lilith was hoping she’d get a quick cue to pee, but instead, Moxxi began narrating once again.

“As you can see here, girls, this is exactly the kind of nasty toilet you can expect to find in the wastelands! Would you sit down on this thing? I know I wouldn’t! Lilith here wouldn’t either, even though she’s absolutely desperate! So what is there to do? Pee standing up, of course!”

Lilith wasn’t thrilled at Moxxi pointing out her desperation, or focusing the camera on her urgent squirming, but she really just wanted Moxxi to give her the cue to go. She was bursting. Instead, however, Moxxi continued with her spiel.

“Having something to aim at, even a gross hole like this, can be better than just trying to pee out in the open! Being able to aim is an important skill to have when peeing standing up. It’s pretty easy for guys, but it can be tricky for girls, especially if you need to use your other hand to hold your panties out of the way, or keep your skirt hiked up! It might be good to practice with your pants pulled down, or not wearing any clothes at all, just until you get the hang of aiming. Of course, eventually you’ll need to practice with clothes on too.”

Moxxi continued to explain the technique, and Lilith knew she was supposed to wait until she was done, but she just couldn’t hold it anymore. She waited as long as she could, but her bladder sent a powerful wave of desperation and Lilith reached down for her belt. Moxxi caught on and adjusted the camera as she was finishing up her explanation, and Lilith pulled down her pants and panties, flashing the camera shortly before the floodgates opened.

Her strong stream shot out in a spray as she finally emptied her bladder into the makeshift outhouse. She was aiming for the hole, but some of her stream dribbled out onto the sides and the filthy seat. She resisted the urge to audibly moan as the pressure inside her slowly subsided.

Moxxi focused on her powerful stream, capturing every moment with her camera. Once again, any embarrassment that Lilith would’ve felt was utterly drowned out by the sheer relief. She wasn’t sure if she had to pee so bad because she already held it once today, or because Moxxi had stalled, but whatever the reason, she was relieved to finally be peeing.

With Moxxi no longer narrating, there was nothing but the sound of her pee splashing into whatever sorry excuse this makeshift outhouse had for a tank, and Lilith’s heavy breathing from the previous strain of holding it in. It seemed like her stream just kept going on and on, but eventually it started weakening, and soon it slowed to a trickle, and then drops as Lilith fully emptied herself.

“That was definitely an impressive display, hun!” Moxxi spoke to the camera as Lilith pulled her pants back up and turned around, “I don’t think holding it would’ve been in the cards, so it’s good that Lilith has the skills to pee standing up!”

She then switched off the camera and once again began packing their stuff up, “That was a huge piss, you must’ve been bursting.”

“I was, thanks to you,” Lilith crossed her arms, “Anyway, what next?”

“Well, I think we got enough footage out here, besides, it’s getting kind of late. No sense in getting caught out here in the dark, I didn’t bring enough lights to get us good night shots,” Moxxi replied.

“Back to the bar it is, then,” Lilith agreed. She was grateful it was over.

As the two packed up, Lilith noticed Moxxi squirming around a bit herself, and it had occured to her that this whole time, Moxxi hadn’t peed once. She half-expected Moxxi to ask her to wait, but instead, she quickly packed up her equipment and hopped into the passenger’s seat again.

“Let’s hurry back, sugar!”

Lilith hopped into the driver’s seat and the two began making their way back to town. They had driven quite a ways away looking for suitable places for their shoots, so it would be a long ride home. Moxxi wasn’t as chatty as normal, and Lilith snuck glances over at her as she drove. She was pressing her thighs together and shuffling in her seat. Lilith wasn’t sure before, but she definitely had to pee.

Lilith briefly considered asking Moxxi if she wanted her to stop somewhere so she could pee, but Moxxi wasn’t the kind of shy woman who’d need someone else to suggest that for her, and part of Lilith wanted to watch Moxxi squirm a little after she kept her waiting so long. Lilith sped up slightly and ran over some bumps on the road, and Moxxi reacted by squeezing her legs together tighter and pressing down on the front of her skirt.

As they kept driving, Lilith saw Moxxi get more and more restless, the discomfort and desperation clear on her face. Her knees bobbed up and down and she was outright holding herself this time. Lilith was starting to wonder if Moxxi would hold it like that for the whole trip back, but after a particularly rough bump, Moxxi turned to her.

“Sweetie, could you pull over? I gotta piss like mad,” Moxxi finally admitted.

“I could tell,” Lilith pointed out, pulling over to a rocky outcrop that would give Moxxi some privacy.

Moxxi dove out of the car, dancing in place as she grabbed herself, but then she turned around, “Wait, we should film this too, Lilith, could you grab the camera?”

Lilith grabbed the camera from the back, even as Moxxi squirmed in place impatiently.

“Okay, got it,” Lilith replied, “I’m pretty sure I can figure out the basics, but don’t expect it to look stellar.”

“It’s fine,” Moxxi replied, shifting her weight from foot to foot, “I’d give you a crash course, but I really can’t hold it. Just hurry and point that thing this way! And make sure it’s recording.”

Lilith did as instructed and Moxxi wasted no time hiking up her short dress and pulling her stockings and panties down and out of the way. Lilith tried to hold the camera steady as she captured Moxxi letting loose out onto the tire of the runner. She made no attempts to hide her relief, letting out a moan of satisfaction as her pee glinted off the setting sun and ran down the face of the tire. It pooled at her feet and Moxxi was forced to step backwards as it spread out on the rocky ground below.

Lilith wasn’t sure if Moxxi had planned this for the very beginning, or if this had been more impromptu, but she was surprised Moxxi had been holding so much. She stood there and filmed as Moxxi continued to pee on the tire. She wasn’t about to attempt some cheesy narration, so the clip was just filled with the sounds of Moxxi’s relieved sighs and her stream pattering against the tire.

Finally, it trickled off, and Moxxi flashed the camera before smiling, “I really needed that!”

She then fixed her dress and headed over to Lilith’s side of the camera, making sure the recording was off and giving it a quick once-over.

“Eh, it’s not great quality, kind of shaky. We didn’t have time to set up the lights either, so it’s kind of dim too.”

“Sorry,” Lilith apologized, “Told you I wasn’t super good at this.”

“No worries, hun! We can always use this as B-roll! Besides, you’re the star of this show, I wouldn’t want to steal the limelight!”

Lilith rolled her eyes and the two got back into the runner. With both of them now fully relieved, they made a beeline back towards the settlement.

***

It was night by the time they got back to the bar. Normally it would be open at this time, but Moxxi closed it for the day to give themselves plenty of time to record. So, Lilith was sitting at an empty bar, waiting for Moxxi to come back in with the last of her equipment.

“Aaand there we go!” Moxxi replied, carrying in the tripod and the camera, “That was fun trip, wasn’t it, hun?”

“Well, I could think of worse ways I could’ve spent my day,” Lilith answered, “I’m still not 100% sold on this idea of yours. And what’s with your cheesy narration? I’m pretty sure you used the phrase ‘Blast that pee out of there’ earlier? You couldn’t come up with anything better?”

“Well, that’s what people like with these things, I guess,” Moxxi shrugged.

“With what things?”

Moxxi’s eyes widened and she held up her hands defensively, “Oh, you know, tutorial things. It’s a tutorial vid, hun, it’s supposed to be cheesy!”

“Well, at least we’re done with it,” Lilith let out a sigh, “We are done with it, right?”

“Well, I did have one last idea,” Moxxi smiled, “But I’m sure you’re not full enough to go again yet, so take a drink and unwind! I’ll get it set up.!”

“Fine, but now that we’re not driving, I’ll be taking that Trinity Whiskey you promised.”

“Coming right up, sugar!”

Moxxi poured her a tulip glass with the brown-amber liquid and placed the bottle on the counter next to her. Lilith sipped at it carefully. This stuff was expensive and she wasn’t about to throw it back, no matter how much she wanted to after today. It was also very strong, and sure enough, the alcohol had hit her and her bladder faster than she would’ve liked. She would definitely be ready for the final scene when Moxxi came back.

Fifteen minutes later, Lilith was starting to squirm again. She had pushed her bladder twice today and booze always seemed to go right through her. Luckily for her, Moxxi reappeared, smiling mischievously.

“I’m all ready! Follow me!”

Lilith followed Moxxi towards the bathrooms, but Moxxi didn’t head into the women’s stall. Instead, she stepped into the men’s room, and Lilith followed. The lights had been set up pointed at the urinals, and Lilith’s shoulders slumped as she realized exactly where this was going.

“Urinals! Come on, what better way to top off a video about girl’s peeing standing up than properly using something designed specifically for the boys?”

“Let’s just get this over with already,” Lilith said. The tingling feeling in her bladder from the alcohol and her already tired muscles had drained her of what little motivation she had to protest.

“Great!”

Moxxi started up the camera, “Now girls, it’s time for the final exam! You’ve gotten the practice, and the aim, so now it’s time to put that all into practice and use what was once forbidden for us ladies! That’s right, the urinal!”

As Moxxi continued, Lilith tapped her foot impatiently, and Moxxi signaled for her to get in position. Lilith did so eagerly, stepping up to the urinal and unfastening her shorts, pulling them down just enough to stay modest from behind as she waited for Moxxi’s cue. Surprisingly, however, instead of staying behind her to record, Moxxi stepped over to the urinal next to her. At first Lilith wondered if Moxxi would join her, but it seemed like she was going to record from the perspective of someone using the urinal next to her and watching.

“Now, let’s watch how our darling Lilith here expertly uses a urinal, just like a man!”

For the first time, Lilith felt a little self-conscious, but she hurriedly got into position and aimed. She could feel Moxxi and the camera’s eyes on her as she relaxed her muscles and her stream flowed out of her neatly and into the urinal. It pattered onto the splash guard and she let out a relieved sigh, forgetting for a second that Moxxi was recording.

She was left there with the awkward sensation of being watched and recorded as she peed openly into the urinal. Moxxi then signaled to her again, and she looked over to see her silently mouthing the words “smile at the camera!”

Lilith forced a smile as she continued to pee and Moxxi jumped in with the narration, “So as you can see, even if you’re a lady, with enough practice, you can pee like a guy, which is super helpful when wandering the wastelands of Pandora! Remember girls, expert vault hunters pee standing up!”

Lilith finished up shortly after and Moxxi turned off the camera. Lilith, face flushed both from the embarrassment and the alcohol, pulled her pants back up and washed her hands before crossing her arms at Moxxi.

“I hope we’re done now. You should’ve warned me about that last part.”

“Sorry, but yes, hun, I think that does it!”

“I want to see the final product when it’s done. Before you sell it to anyone.”

“Of course! I’ll call you in a couple of days when it’s finished, and you can tell me what you think! Now, what do you say we both get ourselves some more drinks. After all, we’ve got the bar to ourselves and the night’s young!”

***

A few days later, Lilith got the call, and she made her back to the bar. This time, however, Moxxi led her into the upper floors where she lived, so they could watch the video in private. The more they got through the video, the more Lilith wanted to sink into the couch she was sitting on and disappear. Moxxi hadn’t been shy about the filming angles, and there were plenty of times when her crotch was fully visible, even though Moxxi had been filming from behind.

There was also just something a little bit suspicious about the whole thing, especially the final scene where Moxxi had filmed her at the urinal. It was shot from the perspective of someone standing at the urinal and looking over, and the angles and movement up and down Lilith’s body definitely raised some eyebrows.

By the time it was over, Lilith let out a sigh and crossed her arms, “You did trick me into filming some kind of weird fetish video, didn’t you?”

“What, of course not? Didn’t you hear my narration, my expert presentation? This is just a tutorial!”

“Oh, don’t give me that. Even to an innocent mind, this is blatantly sexual. And I know your mind isn’t innocent. What’s with all the shots of my ass, and me squirming around having to pee? And don’t even get me started on the last part!”

“You really think this was all a show for the guys, sugar?”

“Yes,” Lilith replied blatantly.

Moxxi let out a sigh, “Well, the gig’s up, I suppose.”

“I want a bigger cut.”

“Huh?” Moxxi asked, “You’re okay with it?”

“Yes, well,” Lilith crossed her arms, “I’m mad you didn’t tell me outright, and tried to trick me. But this isn’t that bad, and if you’re convinced that people will pay money for this, then I want a bigger cut than you promised.”

“Deal,” Moxxi smiled instantly, “And I promise next time I’ll be more up-front about it.”

“Next time?” Lilith asked, the concern clear in her voice.

“Of course! I mean, if this brings in the numbers like I’m sure it will, then the lucrative thing will be to make a sequel! I already have some great ideas.”

