Need to pee is the cause

Author: Rune Vesgina

*000*2020-07-19 14:40

Ava and Ashley and two cat burglar a famous nursing mother in the Veronica village. Almost every house has been stolen by these two people and the following is the beginning of this story. The house that was the target of the mother and daughter were two simple, two-storey houses. The two members of that house that they observed. Ava is sipping coffee. Ashley is looking at that house while drinking tea. After two cups of tea and coffee were gone, there was still no sign of being able to go to that house. Eventually, the members of that house left the house and locked the door, as the opportunity for the cat burglar.

Ava and Ashley tried to hide their eyes from people from the village and were able to get closer to that house.

Ava carried Ashley over the wall and Ava climbed the wall following Ashley. Ava can use the passkey to unlock the front door and successfully enter this house.

Ava explores the upper level and Ashley explores the lower level. Both of them can steal a lot of things and gather on the ground floor, and Suddenly, the tea effect caused Ashley's bladder to be active.

‘ Mom, I want to go to the bathroom. ’Ashley spoke while squeezing her thighs.

And the other bladder began to twitch, causing Ava to feel

‘Ok i will go with you. ’ And Ava takes Ashley to the bathroom downstairs.

While Ava opening the bathroom door, a man came out of the bathroom and saw both a cat burglar, with Ashley holding both hands between her legs.

‘ What are you all doing? ’ That man blocked the bathroom door.

‘ hehe We just came to the bathroom, hehe. ’ And Ava hurried to take Ashley away from the house.Not yet able to grab Ashley. Ashley is loosely locked in her neck.

‘ If you don't want your daughter to be anything else, do as I said. ’ That man bargained with Ava.

‘ What do you want me to do. ’

Ava, acting normally, interacts with that man with that in her mind wanting to soothe the fluids in her that are already bad

‘ I want you to take off your hood first. ’

And Ava took off the hood Her long, smooth black and brown hair shocked the man with Ava's youthful beauty.

‘ What happened? Or will you be stunned by my beauty? ’ Ava teased that man with her slight thigh movement without letting that man notice.But could not escape the man's sight, and that man took back Ava

‘ Then you spread out your legs and do not put your hand in the vagina. ’

‘ W…...Why do I have to do that too? ’

‘ You probably won't forget that your daughter is still in my hands. ’ Ava heard that, so spread her legs. Nothing is blocking her vagina. Ava couldn't do anything except whimper and that man closer to Ava

‘ W….What are you doing ’ Ava spoke while she was shaking her leg violently.

And the man pulled down Ava's tight pants until she saw her floral print pants

‘ I just don't want you to suffer. ’ Then the man pressed on her stomach.

‘ Ahhhhhh ’ Ava couldn't stop her whirring.

‘ Mom! ’ Ashley yelled for Ava and was about to dash into that man but Ashley had to stop suddenly, because Ashley's bladder stimulated her to explode but she tried to move without paying the attention that herself would leak.

‘ What the hell are you doing? Crazy girl. ’ Ashley dashed into the man until it bounced off and she goes to Ava

‘ Mom, let's go. ’ But Ava won't move his leg

‘ Sorry, Ashley, but I can't hold it anymore. ’ And Ava's panty became more and more moist and warm liquid came out of her vagina.

‘ Haaaaaaaaaaa ’ Ava's pee flowed out very strongly, even though there was a floral underwear that supported the pee and then Ava's pee ran out and Ashley grabbed Ava's hand and quickly ran away until Ava barely pulled her tight fitting pants but that man didn't stop following them out.

That chase was long enough for Ashley to escape from the man's eyes and stopped at a niche of the building.

‘ Ah! ’ Ashley leaked out. She felt visibly damp on her underwear. She pulled her tights a little to see the damage to her underwear and was looking for the bathroom but Ava kept her tight.

‘ Mom,W…...What are you doing? ’

‘ I will give you the same condition as me. ’ And Ava rubbed her hand into Ashley's vagina.

‘ Ahh... ’ Ashley was almost unable to hold the whimper out.

‘ Come on, Ashley. No one is around here. You can let go of it. ’ And Ava rubbed Ashley's vagina so violently that Ashley could not hold her whirring.

‘ Ahhhhhh! ’ Ashley's patience has come to an end. She can no longer hold it if Ava is still stroking her vagina like this.

‘ Ahhhhhhhhhh! ’ And a warm liquid burst out at Ava's hand.

‘ Sorry mom ’ Ashley is still pissing now Until it flows out of the alley

And finally, she was finished with urine Her underwear was all wet, all parts and wearing it as before.

‘ I don't forgive you, mom. ’ Ashley said wearing her tight pants.

‘ hoo Ashley, I'm sorry, so how can I get you to do it the same way? ’

Ashley smiled as soon as Ava had finished speaking, but the two of them had something to do other than stealing.

End

