BULLY

Author: radicalomo

*000*2025-11-06 07:02

It’s been one day since Garrick got his hands on it.

And ever since then, I haven’t been able to shake the feeling that he’s been watching my every move.

Everywhere I go, from class to class, building to building, even when I’m in my own dorm.

I swear he’s waiting for me to lower my guard. To get a little too relaxed. To pull something on me. There’s no way a bully like him would take up this kind of a chance.

It’s been getting so extreme I can’t even focus on my schoolwork anymore. To know that someone like Garrick found out about my journal?

And yet, somehow, part of me feels so excited about it. What is Garrick going to do? The possibilities- they’re thrilling, tantalizingly so.

It’s the begging of another long day at university, and I can’t get ahold of my wandering mind. Taking a deep breath, I walk into my first building to early morning math class, every nerve on edge from whatever might happen today.

Everything seems so.. normal. So calm. Too much so. Like the whole school is holding its breath.

Math goes by as slow as ever. Then art. Then psychology. In each lecture, each class, I sit still in dread, waiting for something to happen.

Nothing ever does. Is it possible I’m safe? That I’m overthinking this? Or that Garrick somehow forgot, or maybe doesn’t care?

The lecture had ended. Looking up from my notes, I realize I hadn’t used the bathroom since first thing this morning. It was almost lunchtime, and I had drained more than half of my water bottle already. I was starting to need to pee pretty bad. Almost unconsciously, I begin gathering my material- only to come face to face with Garrick.

I freeze up. My eyes widen, and I start to shake nervously. “H-hi, Garrick,” I mumble anxiously. My bladder screams at me. Keeping my head down, I go to leave the room before Garrick can stop me.

A cold, firm hand on my shoulder stops me dead in my tracks. “Now, where are you going so suddenly? After everything we’d been through yesterday, I figured you’d want to pick up where we last left off?” Finally building the courage to look Garrick in the face, his wide, devious smile and gleeful glint in his eyes only serve to break me down that much more.

“I- uh. Yeah. Could we just- pretend like that never happened?” My pathetic squeal falls flat on the floor. I was starting to need to go bad, and there was no way I was letting Garrick see me like that.

Garrick scoffs. “You think I’m going to let up a chance like this? After that treasurer you so *generously* gave me yesterday?” Garrick moves smoothly through the room into the front of the class. “Come.”

I shakily follow Garrick to the front row of seats. My bladder is screaming at me and God I need to pee and I can’t stop myself from bouncing around softly on the balls of my feet.

“You certainly threw me for a loop yesterday, you know. All those *wonderful* sketches of such *classy* things! Tell me- do you really fantasize about stuff like that? To be given wedgies, to be pantsed, to be bullied relentlessly? To wet yourself helplessly in front of everyone?” Garrick watched my every move, and a slow, giddy smile climbs across his face. I shudder as I realize he had figured out my state. “Oh? Does someone need to use the bathroom, huh?… Looks like we’re about to find out.”

I look up into Garrick’s eyes pleadingly. The building pressure in my bladder is thundering through my whole body with every heartbeat. It’s enormous and torturous and demanding every passing moment of my attention.

“Come. Sit,” Garrick directs me. Not knowing what else to do, I abide. “Now. Here’s what’s going to happen. You’re going to sit there until you wet yourself right here in front of me. You’re going to walk out of this classroom, covered in your own piss, and go through the rest of the day looking like that. And you’re going to do that because if you don’t- and I’ll be watching to make sure you do- if you don’t, I’ll take pictures of every page of your dirty little drawings in that notebook and send it to the whole school.”

My heart thundered in my chest. Why was this such a turn on? I was about to piss myself in front of my college bully! What was going on in my head to make me so excited about- ooooh I need to pee….

Shakily, I refocus myself. I wasn’t going to let it happen. All I had to do was sit in here and wait until someone came in here, or until Garrick got bored. I just had to wait… oh I can’t do this!.. my bladder was hard as a rock and absolutely was going to release itself upon me, and there wasn’t anything I could do about it. Just hold on for a moment longer… I can do this… I just need to focus… maybe if I closed my eyes, I could calm down for just a moment-

I’m shocked back into the room by loud, crass laughter. Garrick’s face is red, his hand extended, pointing a tender finger into my crotch. In horror, I look down upon my lap.. only to see a frowning wet spot on my pants.

“I- I…” I stand up, my legs weak as gelatin. I stagger to my feet, but I don’t stop peeing. And all at once, I feel my bladder escape onto the tile floor, the rush of relief and pure anxiety and humiliation overtaking me. The only thing I can do now is cry.

*002*2025-11-08 06:20

Part 2

The events of yesterday hang heavy over my mind. I haven’t had a second’s rest since then. My mind has been full of crazy thoughts and energy, unable to process exactly what happened. It was only after I got to my dorm and was allowed to clean up that I finally realized fully that I craved more. I had wet myself fully in front of my lifelong bully- a fantasy I had long since idolized- and now I was being blackmailed.

Walking nervously through the east wing yard, I approach the low hanging oak tree. Garrick rested lazily against the tree, one hand in his pocket. “You got the essay done?” Garrick’s hand flies out of his pocket to pull the history paper I spent all nigh on- fifteen pages long, handwritten, five sources, in MLA format, a weeks worth of research and work done in six long hours.

“Good boy. Now - this better get me an A - cause if it doesn’t, I’m going to make sure you can’t show your face around this part of campus again, you get it?” Garrick shoves the paper into his bag. “Come on. I’ve got something to show you.”

Running after Garrick like a chicken with its head cut off, I frantically try to calm myself for whatever he had prepared. If I showed Garrick just how badly I was into this- pissing myself in front of him would be the least of my concerns.

Garrick leads me through hallway after hallway, running through the school fast enough for me to need to sprint walk to keep up. Finally stopping at an empty, quiet bathroom, Garrick looks up at me, a giddy look in his eyes. “I picked up something special for you last night,” Garrick teases. “It’s nothing too much~ I think you’ll like it~”

Out of breath, undeniably turned on, and scared, I follow Garrick into the bathroom. Without a moments notice, he shoves me into an empty stall and slams the door shut before my face. I jolt backwards in a rush of panicked excitement, fumbling over the toilet and almost falling over. I was plenty desperate to use the toilet- but that wasn’t something I was allowed to do today…

“Having trouble already, *sweetheart*,” Garrick calls softly through the stall. He kicks a small bag under the stall door. “Put this on. ..I’ll know if you don’t..”

I reach over to the bag, my hands sweaty and shaking. Taking a deep breath, focusing my mind, I gently pull out.. a pair of pink, frilly panties and a shiny, pink plastic chastity cage.

*These are just like the ones I had doodled about in my journal.* A rush of pure embarrassment washes over me as I trace the pattern of the panties with my thumb, the realization that Garrick had indeed read my journal, not only that but had payed *this much* attention to all the details- and now he expects me to- what, live it?! Was he crazy?!

But- *he had my journal*. Something like that was big enough to get me expelled if he wanted to. Or *worse*- show the whole school, make every student in this damn college acutely aware of how much of a whore I was- my life would be ruined! What was I supposed to do?!

*This is so hot.* My heart is throbbing against my chest, my hands are sweaty and eyes too watery to see straight. How could I be so anxious and scared and so horny at the same time?

“Well, girly, what are you waiting for? I can hear you hyperventilating from here!” Garrick’s brass call shakes me out from my mind. Hastily, I undress, put on the chastity device, panties, and my clothes, and nervously reach for the lock to the stall door.

Stepping out, I feel exposed, perhaps because Garrick was staring right through me, knowing exactly what I was wearing under these clothes. “Good girl! All dressed up, hmm?” Garrick’s eyes flash with excitement, his face slightly red, as he guides me out of the bathroom.

Catching my breath, calming down a bit, I wander through campus. “I- I have class…” I mutter shyly to Garrick. “Oh I know, girly. Come on- let’s get you to class.. we can’t have you late!” Swallowing, hiding my smirk and softening expression in my eyes, I just nod along. Garrick didn’t have the same class I had- I don’t think- but it’s not like I can say something about that now. I muster what little confidence I have left and stride into the art tech classroom, taking my seat and opening the animation software on the drawing tablet next to the computer. This was a lab class for working on animation and whatnot, and although we had work assigned, the professor didn’t lecture us often. Students trickle in lazily as class starts- no one cared much about attendance in this class, either. Calming a bit at the relaxed nature of class, getting into my animation, I almost forget about everything that had been happening.

Garrick appears beside me. “Whatcha workin’ on?”

“!- Ah!” I jump with a start, flustered, looking up at Garrick nervously. “Wh-what- I mean-“

Garrick interrupts me, covering his face, trying to hold back a laugh. “C’mere, *girly*. Stand up. I gotta.. check something..”

“Wha-“ Garrick forcefully pulls me out of my seat, drawing attention to us. I glance up at the clock- it had been an hour and a half already- and then remember what I was wearing…

Garrick pulls me away from my table, walks around to my back. “Have you been a *good girl* today and not gone to pee all day, like I told you?”

Without waiting for an answer, Garrick pulls a water bottle out of his bag. He pops it open and grabs an ice cube from it. With a nasty smile, he puts the ice cube down my pants-

*Oh fuck.* Garrick had forbid me to use the bathroom all day- I had no idea he was planning something like this- I didn’t even know what this was supposed to do- but as soon as the ice cube reached my crotch, I started *uncontrollably* pissing myself..

Laughing loudly, Garrick reaches into my pants and pulls my panties up hard, giving me a strong, stiff wedgie. It only makes me pee myself more. I stand in horror as fresh hot piss rushes down my pant legs and pools around my shoes, wetting my socks, the fabric around and between my ass getting tighter and tighter.

*004*2025-11-09 15:17

I am so glad people like this. Bullying fantasies are my favorite :3

