The Disgraced Knight

Author: redlaw

*000*2020-08-31 16:07

5 hours training every morning. It was a standard expectation for all knights of the Order of The Rose, but for the newly-promoted Captain Charlotte, it was a daunting task. Not, of course, for its physical challenge, but for its length. As an ordinary member of the Order, she was free to duck out as necessary to deal with... personal matters, but now that she was the youngest Knight Captain in the entire history of the country, she couldn't be seen to show such weakness.

In principle, the option was still available to her, but for the Captain to leave her own training session for something so trivial was simply unacceptable - it would be disrespectful to her subordinates and embarrassing to the order. Thus, she simply resolved to hold it until the end. And she did, more or less. The situation was painfully obvious for all to see, of course - by the end of the training, her holy magic had gone from a bright blue to a deep yellow, and more mundanely, she would begin pacing up and down and dancing on the spot as the training drew to a close - but she held it, mostly. Minor hidden faux pas aside, she could successfully dismiss her unit no sooner than the appointed time, make her way gingerly to the nearest toilet and remove enough of her armour to clear the way for her golden stream consistently every morning.

And so we find her, one particular morning near the close of an ordinary training session, leading the unit through their last holy magic practice of the session. The holy fires being summoned at this point were various shades of white through yellow, along with a bright blue flame from the single trainee who had just returned after stepping out. Charlotte finished her final demonstration, stamping with her lifted leg and grimacing as she finished her cast. The raw power of her magic shattered her training target, and drew all attention to the splash of embarrassingly-golden energy she produced. As the unit followed her lead, producing somewhat less impressive displays of power, she danced from foot to foot, waiting for the girls to finish their practice set so they could be dismissed. As the last flashes of light finished, the knights fell in and Charlotte stood, quivering slightly, at a tense attention as she began the dismissal:

"We dedicate this training to the country we serve, and our Queen in particular. As the Order of The Rose, it is our duty to serve as Her personal guard, and this training is proof of our dedication. We strive to better ourselves each day that we may better protect Her Majesty, and our country from those who would do them harm. In the name of Lily, Queen of Flowers, you are dismissed."

As one, all the knights sheathed their weapons and turned to the right, standing at attention for 5 seconds, before simultaneously breaking ranks to go about their duties. A short spurt of urine forced its way into her underwear as Charlotte began her single-minded trek to relief. She loosened the ties keeping her plate-skirt together as she minced toward the training hall's exit, removing her gauntlet and shoving her hand against her underskirt once she'd freed enough space around the now-loose plates. As she moved toward the exit, she failed to notice the older knights urging the trainees to "wait a bit longer" as they watched her go past. She was far too preoccupied to wonder why the lavatories were never crowded immediately after such a long training session; she was protected from that embarrassing truth by single-minded urgency alone.

Unfortunately, as she stepped out of the training hall, her trek was interrupted by a messenger. Charlotte waited, stepping from foot to foot and crossing her legs alternately as he delivered his unreasonably verbose message:

"By the grace of Queen Lily, I come bearing a message from Her Majesty: An emergency court session has been convened to address the demands borne by a diplomat from the Citizens' State of Dathomar. Knight Captain Charlotte Hulthemia, of the Order of The Rose, is hereby ordered to take her place by Her Majesty's side, according to standard court procedures, so that Her Majesty may be protected from harm and that the order of her court may be maintained.

As soon as the Order of The Rose finishes its daily training ritual, she is to proceed directly to the Throne Room to discharge her duties as Knight Captain of the Order of The Rose. While present, she will be expected to discharge all her normal courtly duties, which include but are not limited to: protecting Her Majesty from any who dare to assault her, maintaining order in the court by serving as the manifestation of Her Majesty's will, behaving respectfully and honourably at all times as a member of Her Majesty's household guard, and serving as Her Majesty's second, in the event that trial by combat be called."

That emergency court sessions were usually short, addressing only one or two matters before adjournment, was scant reassurance to the already-leaking young woman whose opportunity for relief had just closed. Unable to ignore a direct order, she set off toward the Throne Room, digging her hand into her dampening skirt and blinking the tears out of her eyes as she nigh-waddled toward her new destination.

She was visibly leaking by the time she reached the side door to the Throne Room. Every few steps were accompanied by a cluster of golden droplets cascading down onto the stone beneath her. Her hand was now tucked beneath the hem of her underskirt, pressing directly against her sodden underwear. As she approached the door, a violent spasm forced her to bend double, a long stream forcing its way through her fingers and sending rivulets down her thighs. A pool formed around each foot, distinct pools connected by a trail of droplets. She pressed her free hand against the wall to maintain her balance as she tensed, desperately willing the stream to stop. Managing to halt the flow of urine, she took a few deep breaths before the door, tightening her plate-skirt and wiping her hand on her bodice, taking care not to wet the white camise underneath.

She would not make it until the end of the session without disgracing herself, this she knew, but she had no choice but to try and hope for a miracle. Tears filled her eyes again as she straightened her back and pushed lightly on the door, trying to open it as inconspicuously as possible.

She needn't have worried about entering conspicuously, for the court was in uproar and her entry went unnoticed by all except the Queen, who acknowledged Charlotte by gesturing with a look that she should take up her usual position, standing by the left side of the throne. Keeping her back straight, she took mincing steps toward her usual position that would be conspicuous if there weren't so much else going on.

The uproar in the court was apparently due to the demands made by the Citizens' State of Dathomar - they had requested that Queen Lily cede an extraordinary amount of land as appeasement to prevent war. One faction of the council wanted to acquiesce, fearing the reputedly unbeatable Dathomir military, while the majority were absolutely unwilling to cede such a vast quantity of land. At a gesture from the Queen, the Speaker brought the court to order as Charlotte took her place by the throne.

Charlotte stood at the best approximation of attention she could muster, unable to prevent her legs from quivering as she squinted through tear-filled eyes to see the court. Anyone looking would clearly see that she was having an accident as she stood, for the sparkle of liquid forming rivulets down her legs was easily visible in the bright sunlit room, and a puddle was forming around her feet. However, the court was embroiled in debate and her slowly progressing accident went unnoticed. The quiet hissing that accompanied each spurt could be heard by those who were nearby, but its nature went ignored as the discussion continued.

All of a sudden, the diplomat, who'd been quiet up until that point, loudly interrupted, declaring that all this talk of compromise and alternative was pointless - if the court didn't like Dathomar's proposal as-is, they could simply wait and watch as it took even more territory by force. At this, the court launched back into uproar, with all factions calling for the diplomat's immediate ejection in response to the insult. Queen Lily responded melodramatically:

"How dare you interrupt our procedures to make such an insult against our country, I hereby eject you from the session and your people's demands are unilaterally rejected! Knight Captain Hulthemia, remove this man from my presence before I have him executed!"

At this, the ever-dutiful Charlotte gave up. All attention was on her, and she could no longer wet herself quietly and sneak away. She strode forward, tears in her eyes as her bladder began to empty uncontrollably. Underwear completely saturated, there was nothing stopping the stream from flowing, slowly at first, but quickly picking up speed to shoot full-force at the floor. As she walked, the stream flicked slightly from side to side, wetting the stone floor in a zig-zag pattern, which accompanied the two lines of droplets from the rivulets ending at her feet. As instructed, she grabbed the dumbstruck diplomat, pushing him toward the main doors before a silent court as he began to cackle. The tears flowed as freely as the urine, dripping down her otherwise resolute and unmoving expression. As the main doors closed behind the cackling diplomat, Charlotte began to return to her position at the throne, still peeing, and crying, forcibly.

Her accident continued all the way back to the throne, and only as she retook her position did the stream begin to slow. As it pattered to a halt, the silence began to break, with voices bemoaning her "unprecedented insult" and calling for various punishments ranging from dismissal to public execution. The speaker struggled to call the court to order, and as silence was slowly restored, the Queen began to speak:

"Knight Captain Hulthemia, for this grave insult before all the Lords of this land, and the Gods and our ancestors, you are hereby dismissed from this session and from the Order of The Rose forthwith. In spite of your dismissal, you are permitted the use of the palace baths to clean yourself. You should report there immediately. Following that, you should report to your chambers to pack your personal effects and await news of further punishment. Never has such disgrace been seen in this Throne Room and the court will debate a fitting recourse in absentia. Now begone!"

She continued: "I would like to bring a new matter to the table, regarding the recent interr..."

At the Queen's order, Charlotte walked dejectedly toward the side door, breaking out into a run as she approached. Her stony expression cracked, and she sobbed loudly as she retreated from the site of her disgrace.

###

I just wrote this off-the-cuff this morning. If it's weird, I'm sorry I've never written fiction before.

I will probably continue this at some point, but don't expect it to happen any time soon. Consider this essentially a one-off, then if it gets continued, enjoy that as it happens.

Please tell me if you find any errors.

*002*2020-08-31 19:04

I have plenty more in mind for this story and others - the difficult matter is actually sitting down to write something. I've never felt the urge before and I don't know when or if I will again. I am interested in occasional new ideas though, and those I like may end up incorporated into my world if I can make them fit.

*004*2020-09-01 22:01

Apparently I'm currently more ready to write than I expected, so here's another installment. There's no omo content here, it's just resolving loose ends from chapter one and setting up the main arc of the coming story. Dialogue is not my strong suit, so expect the first section, in particular, to be relatively underwhelming. The next chapter is already in the works, but I figured I'd post this interlude while I finish it off.

###

Charlotte left the baths, her uniform in a bundle, wearing a simple shift. Her hair still shone its characteristic golden, but it was bedraggled and unkempt. Her eyes were stained red from crying, and they gazed fixedly at the floor before her. By this point, the story had spread around the castle, and those who passed her in the hall gave her a wide berth. She couldn't bring herself to return her ruined uniform to the quartermaster personally, so she left it in a bundle by the door for someone to find.

The Rose Wing was empty on her return - it made sense: it was the middle of the day and everyone had duties to attend to - so she was able to make her way back to her room uninterrupted. Opening the door, she was surprised to find a somewhat distraught Queen sitting on her bed, waiting for her. As soon as she closed the door, Lily jumped up to embrace her and burst into tears.

"I'm sorry for all the horrible things I said Char! You know that my position is at risk and I can't afford to show any favouritism. Those nobles are just looking for an opportunity to accuse me of impropriety and have me deposed! I still love you!" the Queen babbled, sounding more like the young woman she was than a powerful ruler of a nation.

In that moment, all the anxieties Charlotte was bearing from that morning washed away. As long as she still had the her Queen's love, nothing else mattered.

"Now," Lily continued, sniffling and wiping her eyes, "I tried to convince the council that you should be given an opportunity to redeem yourself, but they wouldn't accept anything less than a Trial of The Penitent. Of co-"

"I'll do it", Charlotte responded without hesitation.

"Don't be stupid, those Trials are designed to be suicide missions, you're not meant to be able to succeed! I don't want to lose you like that!" Lily pleaded, bursting into tears again.

Confidence reforming, Charlotte asked "do you think I can't do it?"

"W- well, i- it's not that-"

"I'll complete this trial, and show the council my dedication and ability, then I'll return to you and take my place at your side."

"O- okay", the Queen relented, "just..."

"Yes?"

"Make sure to pee before you set off."

"GET OUT!" Charlotte screamed, bursting into laughter as she launched a slipper toward the giggling Queen.

As Lily ran off, cackling with glee, Charlotte sat down on her bed, steeling herself for the trial that was to come.

###

The trial that the council decided on was, naturally, something important to prepare for the coming war. The Kingdom of Floraden was bordered by the Citizens' State of Dathomar on the east and the Great Forest on the west. The majority of the country's military was gearing up to face the Dathomir grand horde, but tradition held that the elves were ever waiting for their chance to march eastward. The elves hadn't been seen in centuries, but the western front could not be cleared while their status was still unknown.

Among the humans of Floraden, the Great Forest was known to be off-limits - none who'd entered the elves' territory had ever returned alive. Charlotte's task was to explore the Great Forest and determine whether the elves would be a threat if troops were withdrawn from the west. The western border with the forest was massive, and it represented one of the largest standing army reserves in the known world. If the garrisons could be moved east, Floraden would have a great advantage in the war to come.

During a Trial of The Penitent, one could not use any advantages afforded by ones prior station, and one could not be given any help by those whom they served or were in their service. One would be simply cast out the front gates with naught to their name but a special uniform (their ordinary uniform but with the ordinary cloth bouquet that represented their rank and station removed and replaced with a bouquet of wilted iron flowers), a standard-issue weapon and a basic wilderness survival kit with one day of rations. Mercifully, one was also allowed to take non-financial personal effects, most notably clothing and sentimental items.

*006*2020-09-02 16:05

I've added the final touches to the next chapter. The quest is about to begin!

###

The details of her trial were brought to her in the late afternoon of that day by a messenger. The rest of the evening was spent planning a route to the Great Forest. Charlotte planned to get a job as a carriage guard going in that direction - she was not allowed to use her station to leverage a position, but she could still use it as evidence that she was qualified. Charlotte began to draft a letter for the merchant guild, requesting work that would bring her closer to the Great Forest. As she worked, she shifted around uncomfortably, her filling bladder beginning to get uncomfortable...

"...aptain? Captain!"

Charlotte jolted awake as she was shaken. She'd fallen asleep working on her letter, and her second-in-command, Amy, was shaking her awake. "It's twenty to seven; you were expected to report to the Queen's office ten minutes ago for her to bestow your new uniform upon you ready for your trial! Hurry, you're already late!" She jolted up, eyes widening in surprise as her bladder protested. Dancing on the spot, she grabbed her pack, shoveled in a few spare pairs of underwear and her pyjamas, stuffed in her old teddy bear, then signed her mostly-finished letter and danced unsteadily down the hallway, staggering about as she tried to control herself at speed. She cast a longing glance over at the barracks toilet as she passed, unwilling to make herself any later.

She continued across the courtyard in an unsteady dance-run, path zig-zagging slightly as she crossed her legs with each step. In the middle of the courtyard, a particularly strong pulse of discomfort forced her to a halt, causing her to lift a leg as she shoved her hand into her pocket to grab at her crotch. Moments later, the wave subsided and she continued her zig-zag journey to the main building. She slowed as the entrance drew near, shoving a hand into her crotch and pushing her bum out as she fiddled with the handle. A few wiggles and shakes of both later, and she was inside, making her way to the third floor where the Queen had her office.

She took the stairs flight by flight, dashing up the steps quickly before stopping at each landing to press against the railing as she bent over and pee danced. On the third landing, a spray of urine dampened her panties as she danced, prompting her to drop into a squat and grab with her other hand. Regaining control, she made it past the three remaining landings without further accident. She continued her increasingly less dignified trek to Queen Lily's office, grateful that no one was around to watch her waddle. As she approached Lily's door, a longer spurt shot into her panties, sending a thin rivulet running down her leg as it oversaturated them. A few droplets splashed onto the floor through her fingers as she willed herself to stop peeing. Successfully stemming the flow, she took a deep breath and opened the Queen's door, finding her friend staring out the window.

"Ah, I was beginning to think you'd run away." Lily quipped without turning.

"Alright, take off your clothes and let's get this-" the Queen stopped as she turned, eyes darting to Charlotte's crotch, noting the slight bend in her posture, following the rivulet down her leg.

Smirking, the Queen approached her fidgeting knight. She was eager for mischief, but recognised that the chance to mess with her friend had passed. She settled for caressing Charlotte's rump as she whispered "You really are too dutiful for your own good. If it will help, I hereby give you my permission to be late for your duties if you really can't hold it. Come with me to the toilet, and we'll sort this uniform out in a bit." Charlotte winced as the Queen's caress sent her bladder into another spasm. As her free hand was taken and she was coaxed toward her relief, a cluster of spurts released a cascade of droplets from beneath Charlotte's robe, a staccato of hisses and a patter of impacts loudly announcing her impropriety. Dropping her head and blushing as Lily looked back, the knight wordlessly allowed her friend to guide her to relief. Blindly following the Queen's gentle tugs, she waddled agonisingly toward the promised bathroom.

As if cued by the floor changing from polished stone to tile, her bladder contracted violently as the pair entered the toilet, and Charlotte began peeing lightly as she was thrust into the waiting cubicle. As she tugged on her underwear, the stream began to grow into a torrent, and she launched herself onto the bowl while pulling up her robe, relaxing into her relief when she realised she was in the clear. Her eyes locked with Lily's through the still-open door, and the pair burst into laughter as Charlotte's bladder slowly emptied. Lily disappeared from view, and moments later, the thunderous noise from Charlotte's bowl was joined by a powerful hiss from the next cubicle along, a loud (and clearly voluntary) sigh adding to the cacophony.

"My my, Charlotte, two accidents in as many days. Anyone would think you were still a child." The Queen chided lightly as the pair left the toilet.

"Hey, I made it this time!" Charlotte responded, feigning a hurt expression.

"You call this 'making it'?" Lily quipped, her eyes following the trail of droplets leading from her office, lingering for a moment on the small puddle at the door. Charlotte's feigned hurt resolved into a more real glum expression, and Lily knew not to push the issue further.

"I'll have a maid come and mop up once you're gone - hopefully she'll believe it was me and you can go without any further stains on your reputation. You'll have to live with the ones on your panties though!" as the Queen burst into another fit of laugher, Charlotte tried to protest - obviously the Queen's reputation was far more important than hers - but Lily waved her off, voice dropping to a whisper as she said "it's not like it'd be a first for them anyway".

Carefully dodging the puddle at the door, the pair returned to the offices, the Queen locking the door behind them.

"Now," Lily started, "get that ugly robe off and let me help you into your new armour."

"I can equip my own armour, I'm not twelve anymore" Charlotte protested, referring to her first year in training as a knight, where she regularly had her friend help her with the harder-to-reach laces.

"I know, but it's been so long since I saw you strip; I wanted to see how much you've grown!" the Queen responded, secretly hoping her embarrassingly-honest comment wouldn't be taken as a joke. With a exasperated smirk, Charlotte lifted her shift over her head and threw it into a corner.

"Panties too, looks like someone had a bit of an accident! I hope you have a spare pair!"

Blushing, the girl stepped out of her sopping underwear and pulled a clean pair out of her pack, grabbing a tissue from the box on the desk and wiping herself before she pulled them up.

The Order of The Rose armour was not the most practical of get-ups. The Order, whilst exceptionally well-trained, tended to serve more of a decorative role; threats to the Queen herself being exceptionally rare in Floraden. Because of this, their armour was designed to look good more than it was to function well. The armour was worn on top of their standard uniform, consisting of a white chemise beneath a padded dark blue bodice, and a short, dark blue pleated skirt with a white underskirt adding fullness. The armour itself was a corset-shaped cuirass with lamellae that reached down to the mid-thigh, forming a sort of plate-skirt. Mitts and sabatons protected the hands and feet, their leather parts dyed blue like the uniform.

Charlotte's new set was a set of the travelling uniform that the order used when away from the castle, and so it had some more useful parts which the ordinary set did not - the white long gloves and kneesocks were replaced with vambraces and greaves, respectively, and the cuirass was augmented with flanged spaulders that protected the shoulders and neck. Heavy headgear interferes with the holy magic that is characteristic of the Order, so the head protection was limited to a decorative coronet encircling the skull. Rank and Order were indicated by a bouquet of fabric flowers inserted into a specially-made pocket on the right sleeve, their colour and species denoting rank and Order, respectively; for the Trial of The Penitent, these flowers would be replaced with a bouquet of wilted iron roses - roses for the Order of The Rose, wiltedness representing disgrace and iron representing the Trial of The Penitent.

Charlotte stood still with her arms out as she allowed her friend to work, stepping into pieces as necessary without prompting. "My, you've grown", Lily quipped as she tightened the cuirass, clearly not talking about height. Placing the coronet on her knight's head, the Queen picked up the iron roses, placing them into their pocket as she spoke according to tradition:

"I hereby bestow upon you the station of penitent. Go, and complete your appointed task, then when you return triumphant, your flowers will be returned and your disgrace will be washed away by achievement."

Opening the door, the girl added: "the captain of the guard is waiting at the gate to see you off. I'm afraid I cannot join you - a queen is only allowed to cry in public during funerals, and I don't think I'll be able to stop myself. Good luck, Char."

The girls hugged warmly before Charlotte made her way down to the front gate to face her trial...

*009*2020-09-20 20:24

I've completed another chapter, which you can read below. I appreciate the comments. I think next I'm going to do a flashback-type chapter where I'll try to expand on the setting and the shared history of Charlotte and Lily. I'm not going to lie though, most of the world stuff I just came up with on the spot because I realised I needed it to make the story happen

The magic system, on the other hand, is something I've been working on for a while, and I'm going to wait to expand upon that when they reach the university town mentioned in the following chapter. You'll learn this setting's embarrassing magic secrets as Charlotte does too!

Anyway, here's the chapter:

"Ah, you're here" the old soldier at the gate commented in greeting. "I have your equipment here ready for your trial, what little you're allowed, at least. Here's your survival kit: some rations, a canteen, basic health supplies, a tent, a fire kit, you know the drill. And here's your weapon." He proffered something that was very clearly not a standard-issue longsword. Inlaid with gemstones and leaved with gold, it looked far more important than something you'd give to a disgraced knight. Its crossguard had a bulbous form, with two thin arms leaving the top of the bulb and reaching out to the sides. It reminded Charlotte of anatomical features seen in textbooks, but she couldn't quite place its meaning. The blade was tinted yellow, as if it were made of brass, and the hilt had an engraved graphic of liquid spraying from the guard and raining down toward a cluster of yellow gemstones in the pommel.

"This sword is an old relic from the Royal Collection. By all accounts, it's a priceless artifact that should be in a museum, rather than the hands of a penitent, but the council have granted it to you nonetheless. It supposedly bears a magic-enhancing enchantment, but I wouldn't know anything about that." The guard finished, seemingly slightly put-out. Charlotte felt a rush of power as she strapped the sword around her waist. It was clear the stories were not exaggerated - it was indeed a powerful tool. She'd have to thank Lily for being such a good advocate for her - managing to secure such effective tools in contravention of normal procedures was no mean feat. The old soldier called up to the gate guards, and the portcullis rose, opening the way across the drawbridge. As Charlotte took her first step on her journey to redemption, her anxieties began to drain - she had her duty, now all that was left was to carry it out.

The first order of business was to take her letter to the local merchant guild, where she'd get herself a job guarding a caravan heading eastwards. The guild was tucked just inside the city wall, about two and a half hours of foot travel away from the castle, right next to the northern gate whence most of the city's trade came. Charlotte set off northward, hurried along by the novelty of her situation and the sensation of power flowing through her. As she walked, she began to notice another sensation... familiar, but surprising given her relatively recent toilet visit...

In her hurry, she was able to navigate the throngs of people in the city especially deftly and the trek to the northern gate took closer to two hours, and before long, she was waiting in a remarkably long queue at the front desk of the guild. As she stood, she shifted tensely; her bladder was already uncomfortable, not even two hours since it was last emptied. Sensing motion, her eyes darted to the doorway as a young woman dashed through. Clearly in a hurry, the girl crashed into a large man on his way out. Staggering back, she stood stock still for a moment with her face contorted into a grimace, before calling out a hasty apology and jumping into place in the queue behind Charlotte. Stopping there, she ran on the spot for a few moments, biting her lip as she looked around.

As the moment of surprise passed, and people got back to what they were doing, her stepping slowed and she settled into a cross-legged stance with one hand pressed deep into her pocket. "The queues in here are always so long!" she commented unexpectedly to Charlotte. "I had to get these documents in ten minutes ago, but the loaders were delayed and we only just finished preparing the cart. We don't often get knights from the palace this far out in the city, what are you here for?"

"I'm headed east for a Trial of The Penitent, and I'm looking for guard work in that direction." Charlotte responded matter-of-factly.

"What a coincidence! We're headed east!" the girl remarked excitedly. "We don't often get guards because the guild tries to match merchant genders with their guards to prevent accusations of impropriety. One would've thought it better to risk that than risk merchants getting held up, but apparently not. Probably because the merchants are usually able to escape if they leave their cargo anyway. I guess it's not much of a safety concern to..." The girl's babbling cut off as she hunched over and tensed. Her hand moved in her pocket, pulling her dress toward her crotch. "Oh man, I have to pee so bad. I was going to go before delivering these documents, but now I'm late thanks to those lazy loaders. I'd ask you to hold my place, but I've seen people try that before and last time it started a fight!

Anyway, would you be willing to guard our carriage? We're heading north first to Narcissa University Town, but after that we'll be heading toward the Great Forest. If we go up to the clerk together and I tell them I've already found a guard, they'll just have you sign a declaration and we can get going straight away." In a conspiratorial whisper, she added "It also means that I shorten this queue by one person and get to the toilet sooner" with a wink. Eager to shorten her own wait and happy with the arrangement offered, Charlotte nodded her affirmative. "Great!" the girl exclaimed. "I'm Hope, by the way. I travel with my sister, Joy. We take it in turns driving the horses, sleeping in shifts to keep travelling. Thankfully there are guild-run waystations every few hours and we can exchange horses as we go - it means we can travel most of the night without stopping."

This was why Charlotte decided to get work as a carriage guard, more than anything. She could walk east on her own and travel at a similar speed, but with the high degree of organisation of the trade routes in Floraden, a mercantile carriage could go for days without stopping as long as the drivers had a sleep rotation. Overall, travelling with merchants could shorten her journey by 20% or more, even with them taking less direct routes. Besides, she'd have to go via the waystations anyway. After all, it would be shameful for a respectable woman like her to relieve herself out in the wilderness...

"It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Hope. My name is Charlotte, I look forward to travelling with you." Her introduction was punctuated with a sudden bladder spasm that forced Charlotte into a curtsey, as if reminding her of her manners. The pair settled in to wait for their turn. Charlotte stood stock still with a slight hunch, her right hand balled into a fist and her left hand crossing over to grab her right arm, and Hope paced small circles in place, crossing each leg over her other with each step.

The queue moved forward, and Charlotte gasped as she went to move and a violent spasm stopped her in her tracks. She lifted her knee, balancing on one leg and wiggling from side to side as she tried to suppress the spasm. "Looks like I'm not the only one in need of relief. I hope this queue hurries up!" Hope whispered, standing on her tiptoes with a hand deep in her pocket. The movement of the queue brought the pair to a low railing, and Charlotte took the opportunity to grab on and press against it, relieving some of the pressure from her abdomen. Her corset-cuirass was not doing her any favours - she could feel it pressing against her bladder, magnifying the pressure. Hope had resumed her pacing, now on tiptoes, the hand in her pocket obviously pressing the material of her dress between her legs.

At this point, a great deal of the room's attention was focused on the two girls. Indeed, they'd turned many heads as they'd entered - the beautiful blonde knight whose armour exaggerated her already perfect figure, and the cute brunette with the loud entrance, had already attracted some attention - but now that their joint struggle was so obvious, more and more heads started turning their way. Suddenly, there was a clattering and flapping sound as the documents Hope was carrying slipped from under her arm and fell to the floor, scattering themselves across the stone.

"Oh no," the girl muttered as she dropped carefully into a squat and started trying to gather them back up. As she squatted, she jammed a heel into her crotch, and she ground against it as she worked. Charlotte slowly began the process of squatting herself, but Hope half-screamed "DON'T TOUCH THEM!" Calming slightly, she continued "I don't want them any more out of order than they've already become. Let me sort them ah-" She stopped for a moment as she pressed her weight on her heel, her face contorted into a grimace.

"Let me sort them out myself." Collecting all the papers together, she began leafing through, rearranging them back into the correct order. When she'd finished, she grabbed the railing and began to rise, but halfway up, she let out an "eep" and dropped back onto her heel, grabbing her knee as she pressed into it. Grabbing the railing again, she tried to rise once more, slower this time. Slowly and unsteadily, she got back to her feet, immediately hunching over and wrapping her legs around each other once she was up.

Charlotte was rapidly getting more desperate as time passed. Ten minutes ago, Hope was obviously worse-for-wear, but at this point, they were both struggling equally. Charlotte was pressing her underskirt against her crotch, her plate-skirt having been loosened so she could fit a hand through the gaps. Hope's dress had bunched up around her hands that were buried in her crotch, the bunching causing most of her thighs to be visible, in spite of the originally-floor-length fabric.

The girls were approaching the end of the queue; only a few remained ahead of them. Hope suddenly burst into a series of panicked motions, bending violently and pressing a knee across her other leg, then mirroring it with the other side, then again, then stopping and pressing hard with her eyes closed, a spray of pee quickly soaking into her underwear. Almost simultaneously, Charlotte collapsed into a squat, grinding furiously against her heel as a staccato of short spurts wetted her panties. The two slowly peeing girls finally moved to the head of the queue, holding on for dear life as the opportunity for relief approached.

"Next!" a Clerk called out, and the girls approached her counter. "What can I he-" the Clerk began, cutting off as Hope thrust her documents at her and gasped "I'm Hope Dandelion, of HJD Trading Co. We're scheduled to- aah-" she stopped as she bobbed down, pressing hard against her sphincter to prevent another leak. "We're scheduled to leave for Narcissa and I need our commission documents processed. We're already running late, so please hurry. Also, we already have a guard arranged, so you don't have to look for one, but she needs to sign the Declaration." The Clerk thrust some paper at Charlotte with one hand as she began looking through the documents and stamping each one in turn.

Charlotte took the papers over to a nearby desk, ignoring the seat and bending over the paper, dancing in place as she read. It was a standard declaration that she understood what was expected of her as a guard, including various parts about prioritising lives over cargo and such. She grabbed for her crotch and bent her legs as a spurt forced its way out of her sphincter, her uncompromising position and already saturated panties causing a spray to arc visibly from under her skirt to the floor, a line of droplets forming as it trailed off.

Signing the document hurriedly, she returned to find a quivering Hope standing with her hands pressing directly against her panties, the front of her dress riding up to allow access. The Clark hurried through the last few pages and took Charlotte's signed declaration, announcing "okay, that's all finished. Have a lovely journey."

Wincing as she tore her hands away from her crotch, Hope grabbed her precious documents and strode, as respectably and quickly as she could, towards a side-door. Charlotte followed, hoping that she'd be led towards a toilet. Bursting through the door, documents back under her arm, Hope lifted her dress and thrust her hands beneath her panties as soon as she was out of sight. Stepping rapidly from foot to foot, she addressed Charlotte "the toilet is that way," she pointed down the hall, "there's only one, so you can go first. I think I can hold it like this until you finish." Already unlacing her plate-skirt, Charlotte began waddling toward the toilet, Hope dancing along beside her.

As the freed armour plates dropped to the floor, Hope stopped in her tracks. Looking back, Charlotte watched as pee began to squeeze past Hope's fingers, ignoring her soaked panties as it leaked to the floor in a narrow stream from her hands, as well as rivulets flowing down her legs. As the stream began to pick up, Hope broke suddenly into an awkward run, tears forming in her eyes as she darted into the toilet. As she released her crotch to pull up her dress, her chaotic spray formed into a well-defined torrent, staying collimated in spite of the sodden underwear that billowed under her golden onslaught. The corridor filled with a cacophonous roar as she poured hours worth of held urine into the bowl, the still-open door failing to mitigate the noise.

Charlotte's bladder, already prepared for release, did not respond well to interruption, and began contracting violently as the roar picked up. The contractions increased in frequency, quickly becoming a constant pressure that could not be denied. With both hands, the she pushed mightily against her sphincter, hitting her knees against each other as she focused all her efforts on her crotch. For all her efforts, she was unable to fully prevent an accident, and a golden cascade fell from her hands as a cluster of spurts overwhelmed her defenses. Rivulets began running down her legs and a dribbling stream flowed from her clutching hands as the spurts resolved into a constant trickle.

She paced slowly as she attempted to halt the flow, but only succeeded in spreading her slowly-forming puddle over a larger area. As the cacophony began to reduce in volume, a second sound became audible in the hallway: the pitter-patter of a dribbling stream reaching the floor. The quieting cacophony prompted Charlotte to resume preparing for her turn, and she hooked her panties with her thumb, pulling them part-way down her thigh. She carefully removed her hands from her crotch, the pitter-patter turning into a hiss as her stream strengthened. Quickly forcing her hands under her underwear, she managed to slow the stream once more, and she wiggled her legs to coax her soaked panties down to the floor.

As she kicked her panties off toward a wall, the cacophony dimmed to a trickle, and she began advancing carefully toward the open door. Hope was not quite finished when she entered, and her dribble began to pick up force as she stood squirming. Pushing the last bit of pee out, Hope called out "finished!" and darted to the side. As she lumbered forward, Charlotte's dribble became a full-force stream which jetted to the floor as she pulled up her skirt and plonked herself down. The hallway was, once again, filled with the cacophonous roar of an overstrained bladder emptying as Charlotte didn't quite make it for the second time that morning.

Now free to act, Hope began to survey the damage. The toilet was surrounded by a veritable sea of urine, and a scattering of puddles followed a thin trail out the door. The hallway beyond was scattered with slowly expanding and coalescing puddles, an assortment of droplets reaching a good ten metres down the corridor. Hope's panties were ruined, stretched out by the force of the pee passing through them and dyed yellow almost to their edges, where some white yet remained. Her dress, on the other hand, was only slightly damp, and the slight darkness near the crotch was already drying. She removed her panties and dropped them through Charlotte's legs into the toilet bowl, winking in response to Charlotte's startled expression. The continuing torrent quickly caught them and pushed them to the bottom of the bowl. She then took a mop from the cupboard next door and began cleaning up the puddles, mopping around the toilet as Charlotte continued peeing full-force.

After an inordinately long time, Charlotte's torrent finally began to slow, and she eventually finished off with a cluster of short spurts. Her clothing was mostly unscathed: her skirts were mostly short enough to be out of the way, nothing was visibly wet or yellowed, but her undermost skirt was damp in places; her greaves and sabatons were wet, but could be fairly easily cleaned, and the panties she'd removed were soaking but not seriously stained and could be saved with a quick wash. On the other hand, her socks were unsalvageable, yellow rivulets clearly running down their sides and the entire foot area was damp and very yellow. She could hide them under her sabatons for now, but she'd not be able to wear them again. She flushed the toilet just as Hope finished mopping, and the two girls left the toilet to begin their journey. Charlotte collected her shed armour and clothing as they passed, wincing as the now-cold wetness of her underwear came back into contact with her crotch.

Hope led the way to the freight warehouse, where her carriage was waiting. A red-haired girl sat on the driver's seat and waved as they approached. "Joy, this is Charlotte. She's going to be our guard for our journey to the east. Charlotte, this is my little sister, Joy."

"Hi miss, are you a knight? Why aren't you at the castle? What do those iron roses mean? Why are you doing guard duty for merchants? Can you use magic? Do you know the queen?" The girl unleashed a torrent of questions, not stopping for answers before continuing.

"Joy, leave our new guard alone. How do you expect her to answer questions if you ask another one straight away? Honestly. Charlotte, I'll fill a bucket with water so you can wash up. Joy, find the stablehand and tell him which horses we're taking. We'll be leaving in five." The young redhead ran off toward the stables as Hope filled up a bucket. Charlotte removed her panties, sabatons and greaves, placed her panties in the water to soak, and began washing each plate of armour in turn, drying them carefully to prevent them from rusting. As she worked, the carriage began moving, and the trio began their journey northward towards Narcissa.

*012*2020-12-23 22:29

Just an update and sort of a new post: I promised a flashback chapter before I continued. That happened, sort of. I started writing it and decided to make Princess Lily wake up desperate, then I ended up with 30 pages of different ways for her to make it or not, so I posted it in a separate topic, and will add some actual history and worldbuilding to it when I get around to it, and I'll also continue the main story line, also when I get around to it. You can find the other topic here

.

*015*2020-12-25 23:33

I might. It's certainly something I'm not against writing about, but it's also not really my thing so I'm not sure I'll do it right.

*020*2021-04-28 16:13

Hi, I know it's taken me a long time to continue with this story, but I'd like to assure everyone that it's still ongoing. I have another chapter completed - this was supposed to be a short interlude before the next plot heavy bit, but it ended up being longer than I expected and another chapter completing this travel section will probably be done fairly soon. I'm not exactly happy with how this chapter turned out, but it'll do to bring us to where I want to end up, and delaying it further isn't going to help.

###

Retrieving her panties from the bucket, Charlotte waved her hand at them, summoning a blast of hot air which quickly dried them out. She slipped them back on, and began to don her clean armour once more. Her bladder panged mildly as she stood, once again abnormally soon after her recent voiding. She hoped it was just some sort of irritation after her eventful morning which would fade in short order, but she resolved to see if there was a doctor she could talk to in Narcissa if she didn't improve during her travels.

Pulling aside the wagon's curtain, she crawled through to the driver's bench and took a seat beside Hope, who was currently driving the horses. “All cleaned up?” the girl asked rhetorically. “Good. We just left the extended Blossholm administrative area, where knights from the capital regularly patrol, and are officially in the countryside. We'll reach the first waystation in a few hours, and after that, Joy will go to sleep in the wagon so that she's ready to take over for the night shift. We'll stop for an hour or so at the third waystation, when we exchange horses, then we should reach Narcissa by late tomorrow morning.”

Seeing a flash of motion out of the corner of her eye, Charlotte's head jerked around just in time to watch Joy dive into a patch of long grass a short way from the road. The girl quickly scrambled to her feet, her hands cupped together tightly. She looked toward the wagon, and released her hands as she saw Charlotte sitting next to her sister, the cricket she'd captured quickly hopping to freedom as she called out “KNIGHT LADY!”.

What followed was a flurry of questions about life as a knight and in the castle. Charlotte tried to answer as best as she could, but the tide of questions was unrelenting and she looked to Hope for help as the topic drifted to minutiae such as “how many people walk through the main gates in an average day?”.

The older girl stepped in with “Honestly Joy, how do you expect her to answer something like that? That's enough questions, now how about you go and show Charlotte the cargo manifest and help her decide which cargo should be first on the list of stuff to negotiate with if we encounter any bandits.”

“Okay!” The redhead dashed around to the back of the wagon, shouting “this way, come on!” Charlotte dropped down from the bench, her armour clattering as she landed, and followed the endlessly energetic girl around the vehicle.

The girl had a clipboard in her hand with a sheaf of papers detailing the contents of the various crates that were piled onto the wagon. She danced over and thrust the board in Charlotte's face as she approached, before jumping up onto the wagon and bouncing towards a stack of boxes. “Bandits tend to like taking things that are easy to carry and have a lot of value. They usually travel over rough ground to avoid patrols, so hijacking isn't common. We have crates full of metals that are quite valuable, but I don't think the bandits would want them because they're difficult to carry without a wagon.

This stack of crates over here contains luxury clothing and is probably the sort of thing they might prefer. You'll be taking charge of negotiations if it comes to it, so this is the sort of thing you should be offering. We also have food stored in these darker-coloured crates, I hear they sometimes prefer to take that when they need it.” Joy darted between crates as she spoke, never standing still for even a moment. She continued on with various comments about the sorts of things the knight should be doing when negotiating, still bouncing about energetically as Charlotte listened carefully.

“...now if you'll excuse me, I have more crickets to catch. Later.” the girl finished impatiently, dropping into an entirely unnecessary curtsey and running off. Charlotte looked through the manifest, familiarising herself with the contents of some of the crates Joy had gestured to, before returning to the front of the wagon and seating herself once more beside Hope. The journey continued, and the two girls chatted idly as Joy continued playing around a short distance away. Charlotte's bladder continued filling, still a lot faster than she was used to, and she soon began to squirm subtly as she conversed...

“Are you alright?” Hope interjected as her movements became noticeable. “You look kind of uncomfortable, is something wrong?”

“Aah, uh, n- no, I'm fine...” Charlotte replied, mildly startled. “I- it's just... how long will it be until we reach the first waystation?”

“What, do you need to pee again already?!” the merchant girl asked incredulously, prompting Charlotte to blush and look away. “It should take us about another hour, if all goes according to plan. We shan't be there long, but you should have plenty of time to attend to your... awkwardly frequent... personal needs.” Put out about the jibes though she was, Charlotte calmed somewhat at that answer – she was not yet so desperate that she was concerned about waiting another hour.

Joy soon bounced over to the wagon, announcing that she was going to check on the cargo, and she disappeared around the back as quickly as she'd appeared. At the sound of rustling behind her, Charlotte peered surreptitiously through a gap in the curtain, and was surprised to see Joy bent over in a right-angle at the waist, with her legs double-crossed, her eyes closed and a tensed grimace on her face. One hand was thrust deep into her crotch, visibly clawing at her shorts, and the other was pressed against a crate for balance. Clearly, she was desperate for the toilet, despite running about seemingly carefree moments earlier. As Charlotte spied, intrigued, she relaxed slightly and started poking aimlessly through the crate in front of her with her free hand, remaining doubled over and waving her pert buttocks in the air as she squirmed.

Noting Charlotte's attentiveness, Hope quietly commented “Hehe, surprised? To Joy, 'I'm going to check on the cargo' means 'My need to pee has gotten to the point that running around with boundless excitement is no longer sufficient to hide my pee dancing and I need to go somewhere out of sight so that I can more obviously hold myself without anyone seeing.' She's needed to go since before we set off, but you probably couldn't tell. As she intended, you likely attributed all her bouncing around to just having a lot of energy; it's only because I've known her so long that I can tell when she needs to go. When we reach the station, would you let her go first? She'll probably dash ahead of you anyway, but she's gone to 'check on the cargo' sooner than usual, and I don't know whether she'll be able to maintain her usual speed by the time we get there. In fact, I don't even know if she'll still be dry...”

Charlotte continued watching as the girl shoved a hand into her shorts pocket and started jumping up and down with her legs double crossed, her fingers visibly moving under the fabric as she reached for her crotch. The rudeness of spying on someone like that was completely lost to her, caught up in the excitement of the struggle as she was, her own discomfort pushed to the back of her mind while she focused on the spectacle. She started and looked away, suddenly self-conscious, as Hope leaned over once more and began to whisper “Tell me when she's leaning against something or on the floor so I can speed up a bit without making her stumble”. Turning back, she saw that the redhead had dropped to her knees and was grinding against her heel, so she nudged Hope, who tapped the horses lightly with her whip, coaxing them into moving faster.

Joy remained on the floor, grinding against her heel, for a few minutes, before rising unsteadily to her feet and lumbering towards another crate. She removed the lid and began looking through the contents, aimlessly acting out the excuse she'd made, squirming slightly while she worked. Charlotte's own bladder began to make itself known as the excitement faded, and the knight shivered as she crossed her legs tightly. She was still confident she'd make it to the waystation, but it was becoming a closer and closer thing as she continued to fill with unpredictable rapidity.

Joy, on the other hand, was far less confident. She was nearly leaking into her underwear, and knew that there was still some time to go before they reached the waystation. A spasm built as she absent-mindedly counted objects in an arbitrary crate she selected to make her excuse more convincing, and she gasped quietly as urine rushed to the tip of her urethra, straining against her opening. She staggered back and shoved a hand into her pocket, reaching toward her crotch from the side, but she only succeeded in pulling on her sphincter, causing the waiting pee to dribble out and dampen her panties.

Her bladder spasmed again in response to the sensation of liquid passing from her, and she pulled her pocket upward to force the seat of her shorts against her vulva. The added pressure of the cloth against her was enough to tip the balance, and nothing more leaked as the peak of the spasm passed. The contractions continued at a reduced intensity, and the girl placed her other hand in its pocket and began to stagger aimlessly around the cramped wagon floor as she strained against them.

A jolt in the road surprised her as she moved, and she fell against a stack of boxes. The impact forced a splash of urine into her underwear, leaving a large wet area hidden beneath her shorts. She bent double as the liquid flowed out, jamming one hand straight into her crotch and reaching around behind with the other. As the spurt left off, she fiddled with the button of her shorts, releasing it and fully unzipping them, relieving some pressure, but leaving her striped panties and their wet spot on view to anyone who might be looking.

Charlotte stifled a gasp as the girl unzipped her shorts, revealing her faux pas, and turned to Hope, whispering “it's not looking good, how much longer?”

“Not long now, about five minutes.” She answered reassuringly.

The knight turned back toward the curtain, watching as the desperate redhead shoved both hands beneath her panties and started stumbling about. A couple of droplets were visible, slowly working their way down her inner thigh. Charlotte's own bladder spasmed suddenly, and she shifted to sitting on her heel as the pressure battered against her sphincter.

A cluster of buildings came into view on the right, and a collection of carts and carriages were parked just up ahead. “Joy, we're here!” Hope called over her shoulder. “Charlotte said she needs the toilet, could you show her where it is for me?”

“J- just a minute!” a quiet voice called back. Charlotte watched surreptitiously as the girl zipped up her shorts, wincing as she fumbled with the button, then did a frantic dance with both hands in her crotch before tensing in place for ten seconds, then releasing her grip and straightening up as much as possible. She slowly minced over to the rear of the wagon, carefully sliding down to the ground. Moments later, she appeared by the driver's bench, stepping awkwardly with her thighs staying together.

Charlotte jumped to the ground, realising her mistake when her bladder contracted violently and forced her into a curtsey. Her hand reached toward her crotch, bouncing against her armour as she balled it into a fist. “If you need to g- go that bad, I- I'll let you go first” the leaking redhead quipped as she watched the knight's obvious display. Behind the girl, Hope facepalmed and locked eyes with her co-conspirator, shrugging defeatedly. The pair set off toward a small building, offset from the main area. All the energy Joy had before was gone, and Charlotte had to walk slowly to not get ahead of the girl waddling along beside her. Her hands were tented against her crotch, pressing subtly into her shorts without making a scene of it, and she was bent slightly forward with her thighs rubbing together.

The toilet building had an open entrance on one corner, which led to a corridor that followed the length of the wall, terminating in a door on the right wall of the corridor which led to the toilet proper. The girls approached the open entrance with Joy in the lead, Charlotte intentionally hanging behind to give the girl the opportunity to dash straight in and forget about her offer. The redhead stopped as she reached the corridor, a momentary flash of fear visible on her face. As Charlotte rounded the corner, she beheld the problem: the way was blocked by a cleaning sign, and the door was locked to prevent access. “Haha, l- looks like we're going to have to w- wait a bit, I hope you didn't need to g- go that bad” the girl mocked unconvincingly as she leaned against the wall, pulling her shorts up too far as she crossed her legs.

Joy's attempts to hide her situation got rapidly worse as they waited beside the corridor. She soon started pacing awkwardly, squirming with each step, pressing her forearms into her crotch as she contorted. Stopping suddenly, she removed her arms and double crossed her legs, bending in a half-squat as she thrust her interlocked hands behind her. Charlotte heard a slight trickling noise and watched as a couple droplets ran down the girl's legs. Her eyes filled with tears as she slowly began to lose the battle raging in her loins. “C- c- could you l- l- let m- me go f- first instead?” the redhead squeaked quietly, looking up at the knight, her eyes wide with fear. Charlotte nodded silently, and relief flashed momentarily onto Joy's face, quickly being replaced with pain as she continued pacing around.

Another spasm, and Joy crossed her legs tightly with her hands balled into fists by her side. The pattering of water against fabric reached Charlotte's ears as the girl's shorts filled with liquid. A dark wet patch grew rapidly on the crotch, spreading out leftward where it terminated in droplets that squeezed through the thick fabric. Liquid cascaded from the leg holes of the garment, dripping down her legs and onto the floor. Her eyes widened as she realised the scale of the accident, and she shoved her hands into her waistband as she desperately tried to prevent more leaking.

In spite of her efforts, she continued to spurt audibly as a puddle began to form between her feet. Taking one last look at the cleaning sign, she began to fiddle with her button in a panic, releasing it as she began to waddle toward the back of the building, a wet trail glistening behind her. She hooked her thumbs into her waistbands as she staggered along, pulling them down just enough to reveal a golden stream running between her legs. The stream quickly grew into a torrent, and in a single motion, still in full view beside the toilets, she pulled her clothes to her knees and dropped into a squat, shooting her golden spray forward.

Charlotte looked away as the girl relieved herself, unable to bear the sight of urine splashing about while she needed to go. She began unlacing her armour as the torrent continued, letting her plate-skirt drop to the floor as it came undone, preparing herself for when the doors opened. The accident beside her quickly slowed to a trickle – clearly not coming from a particularly capacious organ – and a clattering sound came from behind the toilet door. The idea of an impending release and the trickling sound of nearby urination combined in the knight's mind to trigger a series of violent contractions, and she lifted her skirts and shoved her hands into her underwear as an old woman stumbled into the hallway with a veritable mountain of cleaning supplies in her arms. Waves of desperation crashed against the now-less-armoured girl as she watched the cleaner totter unhurriedly down the corridor, and she danced furiously on the spot, waiting to pass.

The cleaner eyed her her obvious display with contempt as she cleared the hallway, but Charlotte was beyond caring as she staggered along to her relief. She pulled her panties down to her knees as she approached the door, and a short jet of urine shot unbidden to the floor as she crossed the threshold. She lifted the lid before her and turned away from the bowl, launching herself bum-first toward the waiting porcelain. A golden spray began to shoot out of her as she turned, splashing out to the side in an arc, leaving a yellow puddle on the newly-clean tiles. The shock of landing on the toilet caused her stream to reinforce into a thunderous torrent, and she relaxed as she peed full-force into the water beneath her.

As liquid lanced out of her, she looked nervously at the door that stood open in front of her, but the length of the hallway was sufficient to shield her from view, and the loud hiss echoing down it clearly indicated that the toilet was in use. She sat for nearly five minutes, vast quantities of urine pouring from her unremarkably-proportioned body, and for the first time, she had the opportunity to consider just how absurd the quantities of fluid she was producing had become...

Like most with great magical capacity, she produced vast quantities of urine that sat, seemingly unphysically, in a bladder of ordinary size. This was as normal to her as it was to other magically capable people – she didn't understand the reasoning behind it, but was not a new phenomenon. The issue that drew her attention was that she was now urinating even more than before, and yet her frequency had increased dramatically. She had to be producing more than double the amount of urine she normally did, and she knew that this had to have begun very recently, because only last night she managed to go a full night without using the toilet before sleeping.

It was well-known (though not usually explicitly taught to students) that the amount of urine one produces is directly related to the capacity one has for using magic and the power they're able to achieve with spells, and as she mulled this over, her attention was drawn to the sword at her hip. Could her increased urine production be related to the magic-augmenting enchantment on her sword? It was certainly possible, but she didn't have the expertise in enchantment to say for sure. Fortunately, Narcissa, with its famous University, was the perfect place to find someone to ask about this, and so as her stream finally began to weaken, she resolved to find a virgamancer to talk to when she reached the city.

She looked around as she squirted a few final splashes of urine into the bowl, and was mortified to note the puddles that now marred the otherwise pristine surfaces of the newly-cleaned bathroom. After wiping herself, she grabbed a few extra lengths of toilet paper and set to work soaking up the golden wetness around her, diligently cleaning every last drop and leaving the bathroom as spotless as she assumed it was when she entered. The cleaner, who was waiting outside, glared daggers at her as she left, and Charlotte allowed herself a slight smile at the thought of having fooled the woman.

