[female] Chloe's bladder trouble

Author: Red Simpson

*000*2019-03-05 15:15

(This story takes place during Episode 2 Brave new world at the Junk yard after the dream and goes on till the boys dorm I will try to follow close to the actual game and no nudity will be used due to the age of Chloe Price, some things will be changed to adapt to the pee desperation I hope you guys enjoy.)

As I sleep in my eternal nightmare I'm woken up by some sort of knock on the pickup's window followed by a familiar voice..."Chloe..." It sounds like Rachel Amber, I open my eyes still feeling a little fuzzy as I realise the cigarette I'd been smoking was still lit...I also notice my bladder which feels a little fuller than I remember...how long was I out?

"Hasn't anyone ever told you not to fall asleep with a lit cigarette? You could start a fire."

Wow she's giving me a lecture on fires when she herself started the biggest forest fire Arcadia Bay has ever seen, I throw the cigarette onto the floor of the truck and stomp it out.

"So...are you going to invite me in, or what?"

I give myself a moment to think before replying.

"I love giving rides to strange drifters. Hop in.

Rachel winks at me and with her bag in hand throws it into the back of the truck, I hop across to open the passenger door feeling my pee slosh around inside me, I then get back into the driver's seat as Rachel hops in.

"Damn. You've been busy."

"It's nothing. Just some junk lying around."

Rachel looks around at my handiwork.

"A rainbow towel? A cool blue light? Holy shit, the all-seeing eye."

"Figured it can't hurt to have the Illuminati on our side for whenever the shit goes down."

"Always Thinking ahead."

She then notices the bobble head.

"Holy shit, look at the little Dude! Chloe, this is incredible. I...I can't believe you found us an escape vehicle already.

"That's the hope. But it doesn't exactly drive." I feel a little disappointed.

"You'll figure it out. And while you're at it, we're also gonna need some money. You know, to buy stuff."

"Uh-huh. Car and Money. Anything else you'd like?" I personally would like a restroom.

"Luckily, there's no rush."

"True. And no Blackwell."

"Holy shit. That Wells meeting. I'm so sorry."

We spend what feels like forty minutes playing doctor as we take turns discussing what's been going on in our lives, that's when she gets out her phone.

"Shit. Time for the play. As if my life didn't have enough drama." I personally feel terrible, because of me she got her role in The Tempest taken away from her and was given to Victoria "Little Miss Perfect" Chase. Ugh I'd give Wells a piece of my mind if I could.

"Good luck."

"You know you're never supposed to tell an actor good luck before a show? It's bad luck." I give her a confused look.

"Why is telling someone good luck bad luck?"

"You're supposed to say break a leg." I chuckle.

"That's dumb."

"Hey, I was thinking that after the show, maybe we could go do something. Just you and me. "

"Something criminal?"

"Criminally fun."

"I'm in." I watch her get out and begin to walking away without her bag.

"Wait. You forgot your bag." I cross my legs as I feel a small urge to pee hit me.

"It's for you. Just a little survival kit for your new life on the lam. Drive safe, Chloe." Rachel gives me the finger guns then closes the door and walks towards the academy. I take the bag from the truck and moments later I find some sort of shack within the junk yard, I move a sheet of metal out of the way and step inside.

"Hello, Junk shack." I place the bag on a wooden pallet and look around for a moment...this could make an awesome hideout. Now time to check out Rachel Amber's mystery bag. I open the duffle bag to find some clothes...I guess I'll need those.

After trying on the clothes I go for the black t shirt with what I think is a raven and a skull mashed together with a white undershirt, the cool winds don't help the situation with my bladder one bit as I had to stop putting on the tops just to hold myself for a moment...I then get a text from Frank....he's here, I make myself presentable and walk towards the RV, before I knock n the door the same woman Rachel and I saw walked out of the RV our eyes meet before she walks off....weird.

I knock on the door.

"Yo Frank! It's Chloe!" He doesn't respond and I really don't have time for this shit right now.

"I don't know the secret password, man. Is the password....drugs?" In a heartbeat he swings the door open....he looks pissed.

"Price! Get your ass in here." I climb aboard and it stinks of piss....that's fucking gross, I close the door and he speeds off adding some pressure to my now full bladder.

I'll skip the details here, basically he wants me to break into Drew North's room and steal a thousand bucks from him....a side objective for me is to get to a fucking restroom soon.

Frank drops me off just outside of the dorms and I gingerly get out. Right find a way inside and get to a restroom before I burst I'll write that on my hand.

As I round the corner I notice Samuel is very busy with the sprinklers, water is shooting into the air which seriously makes my need worse. He cuts the water and goes to try to sort the problem out while I sneak around him and find...fuck yes the keys to get into the boys dorm, I snag them and walk towards the door. No time like the present, then I hear footsteps and as I try to hide Skip opens the door.

"Chloe?" shit I've been found and I laugh nervously.

"Hey, Skip. How's it going?"

"Not that it isn't great to see you and all...but what are you doing here? Didn't you just get expelled?" Think Chloe think otherwise Miss bladder will do the talking for you.

"Relax. I'm just...visiting a friend."

"I....I really can't just let you go in.....In fact, I think I have to ask you to state your official business, or else vacate Blackwell property."

I hate to do this to Skip but I've got to get inside before my bladder explodes. Maybe if I make him really uncomfortable he'll feel guilty and let me pass?

"What's my official business?" As I'm about to sate my business a huge wave of desperation hits me and I grab my crotch and never let go.

"Women's business, Skip. As in, my uterus? I need to use the restroom. Glad you asked?" he gets a little flustered.

"What? No! No, it's my job to ask, Chloe.

"Your job is creepy then, which makes you kind of a creeper." he gets more flustered.

"It's not like that! Do you know what Wells would do to me if I didn't....you know.....patrol? Another wave hits me and I double over....it takes me a moment to stand up again.

"Is Wells pressuring you to write up more students up? I'm not even a student but sure, don't let that stop you." He gets even more flustered.

"I thought we were friends. Where is this coming from?"

"Friends don't violate other's civil liberties Skip, good one." He starts panicking a little.

"Look, look, look...I'm really sorry Chloe! I'm so confused right now." Time to go for a girl's favourite weapon...sorry Skip.

"You're......you're sorry? You just looked at my tits...You did! You stared right at them!" He thinks he's fucked and so looks up.

"Oh shit." Score I've won this.

"I....I don't know what to do!" Gasp shit!!! I just leaked fuck I can't hold it much longer.

"Seriously, My uterus is on fire dude, I'm going to piss myself right here!"

"Wh....What?"

"Is that......Uh.....descriptive enough? Shit another leak!

"I don't wanna know about...." I cut him off.

"En fuego utero Skip, en fuego utero!" At that moment Wells calls him on the radio...from what I can tell there's an unknown vehicle in the parking lot...good one Frank.

"Thank god." he says to himself.

"I'm on it." He looks at my briefly.

"I won't tell Wells! Do what you have to do okay? I won't tell ANYONE!" With that he darts off and I start to feel my jeans get a little wet...I don't have long....I find the right key and let myself in.

Fucking finally I'm in...now restroom.....fuck I leaked some more...I rush into the boy's room and GASP!!! Shhhhit no I was so close my bladder has given up and I am now currently pissing myself. my warm pee forces it's way out of my uterus and runs down the front my legs and into my shoes while forming a puddle on the floor, I can't help but moan quietly to myself...so much relief I can't believe I held it for this long.

As I finish peeing I envelop myself in relief for just a moment before the hells of reality slap me across the face with embarrassment, I feel my face burning up as I check the damage I made...shit it's bad REAL BAD....fuck I wish I brought a spare pare of jeans, I rub off any pee that lingers in my jeans before heading towards Drew's room thinking of the poor sap who has to clean up the mess I made.

*002*2019-03-05 17:34

{{16 minutes ago, RagingPython said:

I haven’t seen Life is Strange since I watched MATN play it a couple of years back, so I don’t really remember it too well, but there’s not really important. Despite the increased length, which I do enjoy, I didn’t like this one as much as the last story of yours I read, the one about the young actress from the other day. The ending seemed a bit rushed, with Chloe getting really desperate in an abnormally short period of time, and the text is massive.

Another big issue I noticed was with the dialogue. You didn’t really mark who was saying what, which made things confusing. Before anyone calls me a hypocrite, as I do do the same thing in my stories; I do it differently. In my stories I normally have conversations that bounce between two characters, and each character gets one line before it switches to the next one. When a character has more than one line, I make sure to include the name of the person they are speaking too in the line or say who’s saying it after the speech marks. When I have more than 2 characters, I mark the person who’s speaking on every line. In your story, however, you quite often just had one character say several lines before switching back to another which made it confusing for me to understand.

}}

Thanks for the input, I did try to convey who was talking and as I was doing the story through Chloe's prospective I felt it wouldn't be good to add names when people speak but I'll take that on board, I do apologise for the rushed ending perhaps I should have added the scene in the RV as I could have added some more development for the pee desperation, I'm not the best when it comes to fanfics or story's in general but I try my best. next time I'll change the size on the writing and try to add who is speaking if I attempt a first person story, I got the inspiration from the other stories that other people have done for life is strange so I thought I'd do one from Chloe's prospective as no one else had done that yet. again thank you very much for your comment and thanks for reading.

*004*2019-03-05 17:51

Well we're all creators with our own eye of how to portray how we tell our story and it's a learning curve, I just like that everyone give good feed back with some pointers on how to improve next time.

*006*2019-03-05 18:23

{{9 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was fantastic I need to get some money to play the other episodes

}}

Yep only in Life is Strange can you mention about needing the bathroom and not actually going there.

*008*2019-03-06 00:16

Good point should have thought about that thanks.

*011*2019-03-31 21:48

{{16 minutes ago, Robbiebvb said:

Loved this! hope to see more

}}

Why thank you very much, I have made an rp on life is strange if you want to read that.

*012*2019-03-31 22:01

If anyone want me to make another LiS story just let me know either here or pm me.

*014*2019-04-01 08:57

{{4 hours ago, Robbiebvb said:

I be down for another one

}}

Alright then, I'll see what inspiration I can come up with, using what I've been told to improve and make another story, it might be based on events from the game or of my own imagination we'll just have to wait and see.

