Doing sex with a full bladder - fanfic

Author: Reddy5423

*000*2020-10-07 19:20

Attention: this story is completely fictional.

It was Saturday and I went to soccer practice with my friends. I drank a lot of water and juice to avoid dehydration. As soon as the game started, I began to feel a slight pressure on my bladder. I knew I needed to pee, but...it wasn't strong yet to the point I couldn't concentrate on the match.

30 minutes later, the need became more intense and I was worried if I would be able to hold it until the end of the match. It was only 15 minutes left, but the pressure was bothering me to the point it started impairing my movements and I started running more slowly. When I ran, it made my need stronger. After the match ended, my friends drove me home. It was 2 hours away and my bladder was already really full. Not bursting yet, but I could feel it was full.

I sat in my friend's car and...guess what, when I sat, it made me feel like I was going to explode. I need to find a bathroom soon, or I am going to burst. 1 hour and a half later, I asked my friend if he could please stop at a gas station or find a bathroom because I was nearly bursting. I was wearing red Adidas soccer shorts and white boxer briefs, so if I pissed myself, everyone would notice it. Unfortunately, all bathrooms were closed. Oh, fuck! I'm gonna explode!

30 minutes later, I finally arrive home almost dying for a piss and it was hurting a little! I could barely walk and I felt I was about to leak. I was sweating and I could see a large bulge on my abdomen that looked like a ball...yeah, it was my poor bladder very stretched for holding for more than 4 hours. In that way, I know I will lose control in less than 2 minutes if I don't run immediately to the bathroom.

As soon as I entered my house, my boyfriend Josh came and told me he was horny and wanted to have sex with me. I told him that it was an emergency, but he didn't let me go. He took me to the bed and made me lie down. My dick became hard (maybe my full bladder was stimulating my prostate). I was desperate to piss but also so fucking horny. He removed all my clothes. I didn't know how long I would be able to control my poor bladder before I release a fountain of piss and soak all the bed.

He started licking my anus and then he put his finger inside it to stimulate my prostate. It felt good, but...my poor bladder didn't like it. The pee is now on the tip of my penis, about to gush out. I was trying hard to hold it until we were done, but the pressure on my anus only made things worse. The feeling was so intense I can't describe it.

I cam very soon and my bladder became harder to control. I accidentally let some drops of piss out. It was starting to leak. He then inserted his penis and moved it faster and stronger. I started to jerk myself off while he stimulates my anus with his penis.

He then started sucking my cock. That feeling of a full bladder and being extremely horny made me cum in less than one minute. As soon as I cummed, the need to piss increased a lot, and before I could even get up and rush to the bathroom, I started pissing uncontrollably on my boyfriend's mouth. He seemed to like it and the feeling was relieving. I pissed for almost 2 minutes.

