Bunny Girl Senpai Omo Stories

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2020-08-10 22:54

Another story commission by daveshuyi! (posted with his permission, of course), inspired by the anime Rascal does not dream of Bunny Girl Senpai and staring Sakurajima Mai. I have another Mai story in the works and there are some other characters I might want to write stories for, so I left the title of the thread open-ended.

Pros and Cons of Not Being Seen

Sakurajima Mai could see the exact moment she became “invisible”.

She was on a train, riding out of Fujisawa. It was the second time she’d experienced the phenomenon. Upon leaving the limits of her hometown, people on the train stopped noticing her. Part of her was kind of hoping that what had happened yesterday was a fluke, like a dream. That she’d wake up and leave Fujisawa and everyone would be able to notice her again. However, part of her was relieved it wasn’t.

Being a childhood star, it was hard for her to remember a time in her life where she could go anywhere without being recognized by someone. If she truly couldn’t be seen by others, she planned to take full advantage of that.

Today, however, her plans were simple. First of all, since it seemed to be location based, she was headed to a completely separate city than the one where the aquarium yesterday had been. Then she would walk around and see to what extent her “ability”, if she could call it that, worked.

As she rode, the stuffy atmosphere of the train started getting to her. It was a particularly warm day today, and the fact that a couple people behind her were standing a little too close to her didn’t exactly help matters. She reached into her bag and pulled out a large bottle of water before taking a swig. Staying hydrated was important, and growing up her mother impressed upon her the importance of drinking regularly. Though, Mai was pretty sure this was more because she had to maintain a healthy complexion to land all the modeling jobs.

By the time she reached her stop and disembarked, it was around noon and she had drank about half of the large bottle. She placed it back in her bag and headed out of the station, having to carefully weave through crowds that would’ve ran straight into her otherwise.

First thing’s first. I should try to grab some lunch. Though, I imagine it’ll be quite difficult if no one can see me.

Mai located the nearest restaurant and stepped through the doors. Just like yesterday, however, the server standing by the door to seat people looked straight past her without acknowledging her presence. Mai waved her hand in front of the server’s eyes and even tapped her on the shoulder, but it seemed like her entire presence went completely unnoticed.

A shame, too. The food here smells really good.

Mai sighed and turned around, heading back out and nearly getting run over by a burly man rushing down the sidewalk carrying some heavy boxes. She let out a deep breath to calm her down and crossed her arms in thought.

If restaurants won’t work, then maybe I can buy something.

Mai scanned the street and caught a convenience store sign sitting at the corner of one of the intersections. Perfect. She stepped up to the door, and the electronic sensor opened for her just fine.

Okay, so I’m not actually invisible, it just seems people can’t see or notice my presence.

Mai browsed around the convenience store, picking out a particularly appetizing sandwich and a bottle of aloe juice. She also grabbed another, smaller bottle of water to replace the one she had in her bag, since her plan was to walk around the city all day.

She brought it up to the counter, and waved at the clerk as she approached. Of course, no matter what she did, he couldn’t see her.

I kind of expected that.

Luckily for Mai, there was a self-checkout station where she could ring up her own items and pay. She made her purchase and stepped back out onto the streets, looking around for somewhere to eat. She spotted a park nearby, and headed over to it quickly. It didn’t take her long to find a bench and sit down with her food.

By the time she was done with her meal, she had finished off her original water bottle and half of her aloe juice. She noticed a slight pressure in her abdomen from her filling bladder, but she quickly pushed it to the back of her mind and went about her day.

She had planned to come here to get some shopping done as well as test the strange phenomenon that had befallen her, but not all stores were as accommodating as the convenience store had been. Many of them didn’t have self-checkouts and she had no way of paying for anything, so at the end of the day, she wound up walking back to the train station empty handed.

As she was heading back, her bladder sent her a signal that it was full. She had finished off all her drinks, so her bladder was filling up steadily. Mai placed a hand on her abdomen, as if narrowing in on the uncomfortable pressure building inside, and rubbed her legs together slightly as she walked.

I should head to the bathroom as soon as possible.

Mai entered the train station and made a beeline for the restrooms. She was dismayed, however, to find a sign on the bathroom that said “closed for cleaning”. Her bladder sent her another signal of protest and Mai weighed her options. It was only a 20 minute ride back home anyway. It wouldn’t be comfortable, but Mai had no concerns that she wouldn’t make it.

She passed by the turnstiles and let it scan her card before boarding the train and trying to find a seat. Unfortunately, even though the train wasn’t as full as it had been this morning, she didn’t see anywhere to sit. Faced with no other options, Mai headed over to one of the vertical handrails and stood off to the corner of the train car.

Mai tried to distract herself on her phone like before, but this time she was having a hard time concentrating on anything for very long. Every jostle, every time the train swayed her body, she could feel her full bladder. It was filling up faster than she thought, and she was really regretting not finding another place to go before boarding the train.

She pressed her thighs together as a wave of desperation hit her, and she looked out the windows nervously. She was still about 15 minutes away from home.

I’ll be fine. I can hold it. It’s just 15 minutes.

As if in direct response to her thought, she could hear the squealing of the train’s brakes as she was pulled forward by inertia. The sudden shock was enough to make her leak a little, and she had to clamp down between her legs to stop from letting any more out. The leak made her desperation skyrocket as her bladder screamed for more relief. Mai squeezed her eyes shut and shuffled her legs in a full-on pee dance until the wave subsided, then looked around to realize the train had stopped completely.

“We’re sorry,” A voice announced over the train’s intercoms, “It appears there has been an accident up ahead at the next station. Due to this, we were forced to make an emergency stop, and are unable to proceed until further notice. Please be patient and bear with us. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.”

Mai’s heart dropped. She had to pee pretty badly already, and while she was sure she could make it another 15 minutes, she wasn’t sure how long the delay was going to be. She glanced at her phone for the time and squeezed her thighs together. She sincerely hoped the delay wouldn’t take long.

Mai started browsing around online, trying desperately to get her mind off her full bladder. She stood there on the train, reading various articles about things that were supposed to be interesting, but her mind kept drifting to her situation. Her bladder would send her more vigorous waves of desperation now, forcing her to hold herself or scissor her legs up and down. Even when she was trying to be calm, her free hand was clenching the hem of her skirt and she was rubbing the back of her calf with her foot.

Another strong wave of desperation struck her and she was forced to practically double over, grabbing herself as she danced around. She squeezed her eyes shut and focused on holding it. She could feel her bladder pushing against her in protest, trying to get her to let go. She was afraid she was going to leak again, and just when the first leak had almost dried out too. She clamped her hands down and squeezed her thighs together as the wave passed, managing to stay dry this time.

Even with the wave over, she still badly needed to pee. She was eternally grateful no one could see her right now, because otherwise her desperation would be obvious to anyone at this point. She rubbed her abdomen with her hand and checked the time again. It had been 20 minutes since the train stopped.

Please, please don’t last much longer!

She once again tried to turn her attention to her phone. A particularly clickbaity article stood out to her. “Have weird things been happening to you? You might be suffering from this supernatural phenomenon!”

Any other day, Mai would have snuffed her nose at it, but she had been experiencing something rather bizarre. Even if the article was full of crap, at least it would get her mind off her desperation.

She clicked the article and read it over, stopping periodically due to the waves of desperation that kept hitting her. Somehow, in between all the grabbing herself, dancing around, and shaking her legs, she managed to get through the article. Apparently it was talking about something called Adolescence Syndrome, where apparently adolescents and young adults were experiencing weird phenomena. Of course, it was really just a rumor. There wasn’t any real evidence of it, and the article had just used the rumor as a way of drawing people in. One of the claims was even that Adolescence Syndrome could be the reason behind your drink getting stuck in the vending machine.

Aggravated, Mai closed the browser and checked the time. 50 minutes. It had been 50 minutes since the train had stopped. Mai bit her bottom lip as she continued to dance desperately around. If they didn’t start moving soon, she was going to run out of time really quickly.

Her full bladder sent her another wave of protest, and she let out another leak before she could stop it. She squeezed her eyes shut and crossed her legs as she leaned forwards into the handrail.

I have to pee so bad! Please! Please train, move!

Suddenly, the train jolted forwards, and Mai let out a loud squeak as she jammed both hands between her legs, holding back another leak from the shock of the train starting to move again. Still, despite the close call, Mai looked up with mild relief. If the train was moving again, that meant she would only need to hold it for another 15 minutes.

I can do this! I can make it!

As Mai continued to hold, however, her bladder continued getting more and more full, and with the pressure mounting, the signals weren’t coming in waves anymore. She was quickly reaching the height of her desperation. She could barely stand still, bouncing from foot to foot frantically as she tried anything to hold it. Every time the train jostled, it hit her bladder and she had to fight back leaks. Pressing her thighs together barely did anything anymore, and she was unable to stand upright at all.

Five minutes later, the train came to a stop at a station. Mai’s destination was one station away, but that would be another ten minutes of agony. Mai wasn’t about to make the same mistake twice. She didn’t have the confidence she could hold it that long anyway.

Mai rushed off the train, nearly barreling into other passengers as she rushed past. She danced around in place as she located a sign for the bathrooms, and made a mad dash towards them, holding herself shamelessly. However, luck was not on her side today, it seemed, because when she reached the bathrooms, once again there was a cleaning notice plastered in front of the door. If that weren’t enough, the bathrooms had been blocked off.

No! No no no! Please, I have to pee so bad!

Mai whirled around and tried to ask someone if there were any other bathrooms around. She didn’t care about appearances anymore. She called out to them, but they simply walked right past her. Mai’s eyes widened in realization. In her desperation, she had forgotten she was still outside of Fujisawa. She couldn’t be seen by people.

Mai rushed out of the station and tried to get her bearings, hopping from foot to foot as she fought against her body’s urges. However, she realized she was unfamiliar with this town. It was only one stop away from Fujisawa, but there didn’t appear to be anything of note here, so she likely just never had the need to visit.

More immediately detrimental to her, was that it was a small town and there didn’t look to be many public facilities located right outside the train station. Mai danced around desperately and bit her lip. She could feel all the urine inside of her, pushing out, trying to get her to let go. She was quickly reaching her limit.

I have to find somewhere to pee right now! I have to pee so bad! I can’t hold it any more!

With ragged breaths, she charged down the street, not caring about bumping into people who couldn’t see her anyway, and tried frantically to find somewhere, anywhere to go. She briefly considered simply squatting down behind an alleyway and letting it out. After all, no one could see her anyway, so it wasn’t like she was going to be seen by anyone. Her pride was one thing, but she had to pee like crazy right now.

Mai charged down one of the alleyways and went to reach up under her skirt to tear down her panties, but something didn’t feel right. She could see pedestrians walking by, glancing down the alleyway at her, or more accurately past her. Even though they couldn’t see her, it still felt awkward. Like she was being watched.

She couldn’t. Not here. She needed to find a proper bathroom.

She rushed back out onto the sidewalk and spotted a small clothing store. It was the first store she’d passed by, and even though clothing stores were often hit or miss when it came to whether they had restrooms, Mai was running out of options.

She ran inside and looked around, her eyes lighting up when she spotted a small restroom sign sitting in the corner with an arrow. Practically hobbling at this point, she made her way to the back and stopped in front of the restroom door.

Thank you thank you thank you!

Mai’s celebration was premature, however. She reached out and went to open the door, when the handle wouldn’t budge. She wrestled with it for a brief second, before noticing the sign on the door.

“Restroom door is kept locked for sanitary purposes. Please see cashier for key.”

Mai’s heart sunk and she nearly doubled over as another leak, long enough to be considered a spurt, escaped from her and soaked into her damp panties. Once she was sure she could walk without letting out any more, she slowly and desperately hobbled to the front desk, dreading what was coming.

“E-excuse me,” Mai tried, “Please, I have to use the restroom, can I have the key?”

Even standing there, squirming desperately as she had both hands jammed between her legs, unsubtly doubled over as she barely managed to hold it, the cashier didn’t notice her one bit.

“P-please no! Please see me! I have to pee so bad!” Mai begged, dropping all pretenses. She danced from foot to foot, “Please! Let me use your restroom!”

The man still didn’t notice her, and Mai wanted to cry.

Her bladder sent out another strong spasm, and Mai nearly lost it then and there. She leaked a couple times, barely managing to stop it. Suddenly, however, something caught the light of the sun filtering in through the storefront, and Mai looked down. On the counter in front of her, tucked behind a display for sunglasses, was a key.

Without hesitation, Mai grabbed the key and bolted to the back of the store. She let out a few leaks along the way, but she was uncaring. Relief would be hers as soon as she unlocked the door. She rushed over, grabbed the key, and tried to steady her trembling hand as she put it up to the keyhole in the door. She slid the key in all the way and tried to turn, hoping desperately to hear the click of the lock being undone.

The key didn’t turn. It wouldn’t budge no matter how much Mai tried to force it.

No! No no no no no! No please! Please open! Open!

Mai begged the door uselessly. No matter how much she tried to turn the key, the door remained locked. Another small leak escaped as Mai strugged, and she jammed both hands between her legs. Her panties were soaked through now, and any more leaks would dribble down her legs and onto the floor below.

What do I do? I’m at my limit! I’m going to wet myself!

One last thought remained in Mai’s mind. The alley. She had decided against it earlier, but now she was really all out of options. Whether she wanted to or not, she wasn’t going to be able to hold it until she found another bathroom.

Mai left the wrong key in the lock and charged out of the store at full speed. Her body couldn’t handle the shock of her running, and she let out a few small spurts. She had to jam her hands between her legs again just to stop herself from fully peeing, but she was still letting out small leaks. She danced around frantically, trying desperately to hold back the flood, but her bladder muscles were spent. Mai hobbled forwards, taking steps towards the alleyway. Trying desperately to fight back against her overfilled bladder. However, she couldn’t stop leaking, and every step she took she let a longer spurt.

One final spasm from her bladder, and Mai doubled over, letting out a shocked gasp. She jammed both hands between her legs even as she felt her bladder muscles give out. She jammed her fingers into her crotch, pressing tightly against her pee hole to try to stop the inevitable flow, but even as she tried hobbling forwards, she knew it was a moot point. She managed to stop one final spurt before pee exploded out of her. The high-pressure stream flowed straight through her saturated panties and through her fingers, splattering onto the sidewalk below.

No no no! Please stop please stop!

Mai tried to regain some semblance of control over her bladder, but she could barely slow the flow at this point. Her urine streamed down and pooled into a puddle that spread quickly across the pavement. Mai blushed as she watched people, unable to even notice it, splash through her own urine as they walked on by.

She couldn’t tell how long she had been peeing before the relief hit her, and she let out a loud moan involuntarily. Her face reddened as her breathing hitched, and she could feel her knees buckle underneath her. She staggered to the side and supported herself with the wall next to her, looking down as she watched her pee still steadily gushing out of her full force.

She looked around, blushing furiously, but even though she was wetting herself fully in front of countless pedestrians, none of them paid her any mind at all. She was relieved that no one could actually see her accident. If she had done this before her strange invisibility had kicked in, then she was sure people would be pulling out their phones and snapping embarrassing photos of her. “Sakurajima Mai, Child Star and Model, Caught Peeing Herself in Public.” She’d never live that down.

Finally her stream subsided, and then slowed to a trickle. Mai let out one final moan of relief before straightening herself upright and checking the damages. Somehow, her skirt had managed to stay mostly dry, though there were definitely a few wet spots on the front and the back. Nothing that wouldn’t dry on the walk back to Fujisawa, she hoped. Her panties, on the other hand, were an entirely different story. Mai blushed and slipped into the alleyway, looking around on instinct to make sure no one was watching her. She then lifted her hands underneath her skirt and slipped off her soaked panties.

She then took out a plastic bag from her handbag and placed the soaked garments into it. She didn’t particularly care about saving them, but if she left them in the alleyway, some creep might find them and keep them for perverted things. Mai didn’t want to have to think about that possibility.

She let out a sigh and blushed at the thought having to make it the rest of the way home without panties. Worse still, she wasn’t too far away from the edge of Fujisawa. Once she returned, people would actually be able to see her again. Still, her skirt was long enough that no one would see anything as long as she was careful, and it was much better than having to walk and possibly sit down on the train in wet panties.

Mai left the alleyway and tried to compose herself as much as possible. As she headed home, only one thought remained in her mind. She was eternally grateful that no one had seen her wet herself in public.

*002*2020-08-16 19:26

Here's the second Mai commission by daveshuyi I mentioned in my first post! This one wasn't meant to be explicitly connected to the first story but nothing in the story contradicts continuity, so whether or not this takes place after the first story or they're completely separate is up to you. With that being said, here you go!

A Full Bladder and a Bedmate

Mai shuffled around in the hotel room’s bed, hyper aware of the warmth and weight sinking into the mattress next to her. She was turned away, so she couldn’t see him, but Sakuta was laying down next to her, tucked under the same covers. She could count the number of days they had known each other on one hand, and yet they were doing something as intimate as sharing a bed together.

Mai couldn’t calm down. There was no way she could calm down. She could feel her heart beating in her chest as she fought the heat rising on her cheeks. All she could think about was the fact that she, a girl in high school, was sharing a bed with a boy.

There were a number of things people assumed two people in that situation would get up to, and Mai was trying not to think too hard about any of them.

I’m so nervous… I don’t think I’m going to get any sleep tonight. Maybe Sakuta’s in the same position.

Mai was hesitant to roll over, so she listened to Sakuta’s rhythmic breathing. It was deep and relaxed, and would occasionally slip into a light snore. Turns out, he was out like a light. Not that Mai blamed him. He had been running himself ragged for her sake, and part of her felt really good about that, even though she felt that at first he was meddling in things he shouldn’t be.

I said some pretty harsh things to him. I mean, at the time I thought it was none of his business, and he didn’t understand the whole situation, but in the end he was only trying to help.

Mai tried to calm her breathing and relax. It would be best if she got at least a little sleep tonight. She’d been stressing out over her situation for a while, so she hadn’t been sleeping well lately. As she tried to shift into a more comfortable position, however, she shifted a little bit of weight onto her abdomen and felt a sudden pressure coming from her bladder.

Oh right, I forgot to use the bathroom before we went to bed. We’ve been running around all day, and I was so tired after getting out of the bath that we went straight to bed.

Mai was about to get up, when she suddenly heard Sakuta shift in his sleep. Her breath hitched in her throat, and she froze up, staying as still as possible. Her heart was beating fast, her breaths were uneven, and she could still feel the blush across her cheeks from the very idea of sleeping next to him. The last thing she wanted was for him to wake up and see how flustered she was.

It’s fine. I don’t have to go that bad. I’ll just hold it until he’s been asleep longer. Hopefully then I can get up without him waking up.

Mai ignored the signals from her full bladder as she once again tried to shuffle into a comfortable position. To alleviate some pressure, she rolled over onto her back and stared up at the ceiling, trying to breathe slowly and calm down.

This isn’t helping. I have to pee.

Mai shuffled her legs around and raised one slightly, pressing her thighs together. The bathroom was right over there, and all she’d have to do is get up and walk a few meters across the room. She could see the open door tempting her out of the corner of her eye, and she considered how bad it would be if she just got up and went.

I could get up and go. What’s the worst that’ll happen?

The answer, of course, would be that Sakuta would wake up and notice how flustered she was, then tease her about it. He had a particular talent for picking up on her weak points. He really didn’t seem fazed by any of her empty threats either, and he had a particularly good defense when it came to counterarguments.

Worse still, Sakuta was the kind of wannabe hero-type who’d probably opt to sleep on the floor if he thought that Mai was too embarrassed to share a bed with him. No, it wasn’t even about that. Mai didn’t want Sakuta to know that she thought of this as a big deal. She was his senpai. His senior. She shouldn’t be getting needlessly flustered over something so simple after offering it up herself.

Mai took in another deep breath, resolving to stay where she was until she was sure Sakuta would not wake up. She could feel the pressure in her bladder more acutely with each inhale. Her bladder was pretty full. She tried to remember the last time she went today, but she didn’t actually recall going any time after lunch. She held it in all day without realizing it.

No. Don’t think about that. I need to calm down and relax. Breathe. In and out. Slowly.

Mai closed her eyes and tried to slow her breath. She tried to clear her mind of the nagging pressure in her full bladder, as well as the thought of Sakuta sleeping right next to her. She tried to focus on something unrelated. Like bunnies. As you could imagine of someone who wore a bunny hairclip and even went as far as buying a bunnysuit, Mai was a fan of bunnies. She conjured up the image of a cute, white, fuzzy bunny with long ears, and tried to relax.

It actually worked. Her breathing slowed and she zoned out, focused only on her imagination as she lied there. She felt her shoulders relax and let out a tired yawn. Maybe she could get some sleep after all. She lowered her leg and sunk into the mattress, completely forgetting her full bladder.

That was, until she felt her bladder relax and a small spurt escape into her panties.

As fast as she could, without waking up Sakuta, she jammed a hand between her legs and bit her lips to stifle the gasp she almost let out. She pressed her fingers up against her crotch outside her pajamas and was mortified to feel a sizable wet patch had soaked through her panties and into the thin, breathable material. She blushed furiously and shuffled around, once again fully aware of her full bladder.

I can’t believe I leaked this much! I have to pee right now!

Mai tried to shuffle out of the bed as quietly as possible, but then she heard Sakuta’s snoring stop. She once again froze in place, still lying down, as she heard him turn over in his sleep. He was now facing her, and if she were to disturb his sleep, he’d instantly see her, hand jammed between her legs with a wet spot on her pajama pants.

Don’t be such a light sleeper, Sakuta!

Mai’s pleas went unanswered and she realized that she would have to wait for her pajama pants to dry before she could get up. To make matters worse, the dampness made her clothes cling to her crotch, and the warm wetness only heightened her desperation. She shuffled her legs as quietly as she could, trying not to shake the mattress as she struggled.

Minutes ticked by, and Mai’s desperation remained at the forefront of her mind. She didn’t have anything to distract herself, so all she could feel was the fullness bulging out and causing an uncomfortable pressure that she couldn’t ignore. Sakuta had stopped snoring completely at this point, and Mai wasn’t willing to risk getting up. She still felt the wet patch between her legs, which was cooling down and making her feel even more uncomfortable.

This is awful! I hope it dries off soon so I can finally pee.

A wave of desperation struck Mai, and she curled up on her side, pressing both hands between her legs and shaking her legs as she tried to hold it in. Tears stung the corners of her eyes as she glared at the clock like that would make time go by faster.

Naturally, it didn’t. The minutes ticked by agonizingly slowly as Mai held it in. The fact that she had been holding it all day was hitting her hard and fast. She hadn’t even felt it before, perhaps because she had been so preoccupied, but now it was hitting her all at once. Her bladder was screaming at her to let it out, and all she could think about was how badly she had to pee.

Fifteen minutes ticked by and Mai finally started feeling her pajama pants drying off. They were still damp and she was still worried they’d show off a wet spot, but at the very least she wouldn’t have to wait much longer.

I have to pee I have to pee I have to pee. I should’ve gone after I took a bath!

Thinking about water didn’t help either, and she had to clamp down on her crotch with both hands to fight the desperation that came with it. Her breathing was ragged and the sheets felt stiflingly hot as she laid there, trying to hold it in the last few minutes it would take her pajamas to dry.

Dry faster! Please dry faster!

She squeezed her eyes shut as she tried to shuffle her legs, holding it as best as she could lying down. Her bladder felt like a rock in her abdomen, and the pressure was almost painful. She just wanted to rush to the bathroom, rip down her pants and panties, and pee unabashedly into the toilet. If she were on her own, she would’ve done that ages ago, but as the situation stood, she could only lay in agony as she held on, desperate not to wake Sakuta or give away her situation.

The image of her peeing full-force into the toilet bowl popped up in her mind, and even after opening her mind and trying to clear the thought from her head, it was all she could picture. Her bladder begged her to make it a reality, and she felt the control of her muscles slack.

No! No no no no no! I’m not going to leak again!

Mai clamped her thighs together and squeezed down hard, trying hard to stop the leak she felt coming. Unfortunately for her, it was too little too late, and she leaked into her panties again. It was a smaller leak than last time, but her already damp pajamas hadn’t dried off completely, so she was essentially back to square one. The leak had revitalized the warm, wet patch that she had been desperately waiting to dry.

I was so close! I have to pee so bad! I… I have to go, it doesn’t matter if Sakuta sees it, I can’t hold it!

Mai resolved to get up, and she shifted her weight, ready to bolt out of the bed and rush to the bathroom. Unfortunately, this put undue pressure on her bladder, and she leaked again. She clamped down and managed to stop it, but she had just made the wet spot worse, and now part of it had soaked through onto the sheets beneath her. She ran her hand across the sheets with dread, feeling a small, coin-sized wet patch on the sheets.

Now, even if she rushed to the bathroom without Sakuta seeing her, she’d leave behind visible evidence of her small accident. Or worse, he’d assume it was something a lot more embarrassing. Actually, given how openly perverted he could be, he was more likely to assume it was something a lot more embarrassing.

There was no way she could get up now. Not with the chance that Sakuta would wake up and see that. The only problem was that she was reaching her limit. Her bladder was very full and she could feel the bulge pressing out against her baggy pajama top. The warmth and wetness between her legs also did nothing to mitigate her desperation. The wet patch was now larger, so she could feel her pants clinging to the upper parts of her thighs. The uncomfortable wetness clung to her skin and served as a constant reminder of how badly she needed to pee.

I need to hold it. No matter what, I need to hold it. There’s no way I can risk Sakuta waking up and seeing the wet spot on the mattress!

Mai’s resolve was strong, but her bladder was fighting against her. Even lying down, she could barely keep her legs still as her desperation swelled inside of her. The incredible pressure in her abdomen was accompanied by a dull ache as her bladder was stretched out from the urine inside it. No matter how she shifted or moved, she couldn’t find a comfortable position that didn’t make her bladder scream for release.

Mai bit down on her lip as her legs shook in desperation. Even if she could relax even the slightest bit, which seemed downright impossible, if she fell asleep now, she’d wet herself for sure. Her eyes stung from lack of sleep and would probably look bloodshot in the morning, but right now that was the least of her worries.

Gotta pee gotta pee gotta pee gotta pee gotta pee!

Mai was trying to be conscientious enough not to shake the bed with her desperate squirming, but rubbing her legs together and shaking was all she could do not to wet herself on the spot. She wasn’t sure how much longer it would take for the wet spot to dry, but she knew she wouldn’t be able to hold out for very long.

The harder she clamped down on her crotch, the more conscious she became of the now-cold, damp patch that was there. She figured it would dry off faster if she aired it out rather than clamping both hands down on it, but there was no way she could get away with that without immediately wetting the bed. She briefly considered shoving her hands underneath her pajama pants, so she could both dry them off faster while also holding herself, but there was no way she was about to do that next to Sakuta, even if he was still asleep.

I have to pee so bad! I can’t take this. Please dry off! Please please please dry!

Mai glanced over at the clock. It had been an hour since they had gone to bed. The last time Mai remembered going to the bathroom was right before she met up with Sakuta, which had been this afternoon. Inadvertently, she had been holding it for over twelve hours now.

Just the very thought made Mai’s desperation skyrocket, and she curled into a fetal position, hands pressed against her crotch as she squeezed her thighs together and fought back the flood. Every time she moved or tried to shift positions, she felt her taxed bladder shift inside of her. She rubbed one hand over it and felt the distended bulge. It wasn’t super noticeable, but she could feel it, pressing out hard and aching with a day’s worth of urine built up inside it.

It spasmed again and Mai had to hold back a surprised gasp as a strong surge of desperation washed over her. She froze up, shaking in the effort to hold back all the pee inside of her. If she leaked again at this point, she was positive she wouldn’t be able to hold it in long enough to let yet another wet patch dry.

I can’t leak! I absolutely can’t leak!

She could feel her bladder muscles relax and the pressure trying to force the flood of urine out of her. She clamped down even harder as a few drops escaped, but she managed to prevent another disastrous leak. She moved her hand over the crotch of her pants and the wet spot on the sheets and cursed mentally when she felt they were still damp. Part of her was telling her to forget waiting for the wet patch to dry and run to the bathroom before she seriously wet herself. Yet the stubborn part of her knew that if she could just hold it a few more minutes, the sheets would be dry and she could run to the bathroom without embarrassment.

I can hold it I can hold it I can hold it I can hold it!

Mai sat there in agony, breaths ragged as she fought against her body’s urges. Sweat rolled down her forehead and onto the pillow she was resting on as she shook and trembled. She stared at the clock, staring at the digital display which seemed to be at a stand-still. She kept checking the damp patches on both her legs and the sheets below her, hoping that she’ll run her fingers across them and barely feel any moisture, but it seemed that no matter how many times she checked, they were still damp.

I need to pee! I want to go to the toilet! It’s right there. Hurry up and dry, I can’t hold it anymore!

A few long, agonizing minutes later, and Mai ran her hand across the sheets one last time. She breathed a quick sigh of relief upon feeling they were dry, and not a moment too soon. She was at her limit.

Somehow, I made it.

However, now was the task of trying to get up out of the bed, a daunting task considering she had to pee so bad she was practically shaking in place, curled up in on herself. She tried to tentatively lower her legs at the same time, but the shift in pressure shot through her immediately and she froze up.

This is bad! I can’t move. If I move, I’ll definitely pee. It’ll definitely come out! What should I do?

She was now fighting a losing battle. She couldn’t move from her position without wetting herself, but she was already at her limit. It wasn’t like she could hold it and wait for a wave of desperation to pass. She was already at the peak of her desperation, and the only thing that would relieve it would be letting all the urine inside her out.

I have to go. I have to go right now. I can’t wait anymore. Even if I leak a little, I don’t care anymore. It’s better than wetting the bed!

Mai uncurled her legs all at once and tensed herself for the inevitable wave of desperation. It hit her hard and strong, and she nearly let out a gasp as she fought to hold it in. It felt like all of her pee slammed against her bladder’s weakened muscles at once. She squeezed her thighs together as she pressed down over her aching pee hole, trying more than anything to hold it in.

No no no! It’s coming out!

Despite her best efforts, her taxed bladder was all but spent. A spurt escaped out from between her fingers and streamed down, soaking through her pajama’s crotch and streaming down her left thigh. Her whole body tensed as she tried desperately to stop it, and she managed to slow the flow to a few drops. But she could still feel pee trickling out of her. She tried to twist and squirm around to stop the flow, but no matter what she did, her body would not cooperate.

Still, she defiantly held back, even as her bladder spasmed gain and forced another long leak out of her. Her hands were soaked in her own urine, her pants were becoming increasingly wet, and the sheets beneath her were soaking up the rest. She could feel a distinct wet spot on the bed underneath her butt, and sitting in the warm wetness did nothing to help mitigate her desperation. Despite having leaked a lot already, Mai’s full bladder still screamed at her to let the flood out, and with one final spasm, she felt the rest of her strength give out.

I can’t believe it, I’m going to wet the bed right next to Sakuta!

She tried in vain one last time to hold it in before the leaking dam broke fully. All she could do was strain to slow the flow so it wasn’t hissing out of her at full-force, but a steady flow streamed out from between her legs. She could feel it soak into the sheets below and spread out, following the indent her body was making in the sheets and mattress. It started soaking up into the lower parts of her pajamas and flowing up around her upper thighs and hips.

She felt the warm wetness seep into her clothes and cling to her skin as she continued to wet the bed. She was terrified of the thought of her puddle growing large enough to reach Sakuta, but luckily enough it felt like the mattress was soaking up most of it.

The blissful relief finally hit her, washing over her as her aching bladder finally emptied itself, and for the briefest of moments she completely forgot the situation she was in. All she could feel was the heavenly sensation of letting a day’s worth of pee flow freely out of her and the odd warmth of the pee pooling on the sheets beneath her and wrapping her with it’s warmth.

She held back a moan of utter relief as she finished peeing, her flow slowing to a trickle, then to a few drops, then stopping completely. She stayed perfectly still, caught in a daze of post-desperation bliss, her breaths ragged as she felt her chest rise and fall.

Suddenly, however, it all came crashing back down, and she realized what had happened. She had wet the bed. Well, it wasn’t exactly a proper bed wetting, since she had been awake, but the fact remained that she had wet herself on the mattress, and now pee was soaking through her panties, her pajamas, and the sheets beneath her. Not only that, but Sakuta was sleeping right next to her, blissfully unaware of what had just happened.

Sakuta’s snoring stopped and he rolled over in the bed, and Mai’s heart jumped into her throat. She half-expected him to wake up, then noticed that she had wet herself, but after a few moments, his snoring resumed and he muttered something in his sleep. Mai wasn’t sure how she was going to handle this situation, but she was grateful that he hadn’t woken up just yet. She was sure about one thing now, though.

Sleeping next to Sakuta is no big deal compared to how embarrassed I am right now!

