Genshin​ omo​ series : A wet night in teyvat

Author: Rune Vesgina

*000*2023-04-17 06:20

Hi everyone, do you miss me? I may come back to write some fanfiction from time to time but I haven't drawn yet. I'm sorry.

Well, this series happened because I scrolled to see the pictures that the AI Generate emerged as a female character wetting the bed with a Genshin character in it. It made me wonder what it would be like if the female characters in Genshin were to wet the bed. Although I don't play Genshin anymore because my phone memory is full. But I still feel connected to this game.

I may not write it well but this is my best.

Chapter 1 :

As the quiet night of Liyue's visit, the light from the lantern began to light up. A light breeze blows the coolness from the sea towards the people in the harbor. Ningguang and Beidou were having a toast after their work ended earlier than usual tonight at the Jade chamber. Beidou hopes to give Ningguang liquor to sleep this time.

Time passed near midnight. Second large jar of sake was about to run out. Ningguang did not show the slightest hint of drunkenness, and continued to drink her sake. Returning to the Beidou side, she blushed brightly from being very drunk and she started talking louder. Second jar of sake had finished and the third jar was on the way. Sake was halfway gone. Ningguang, who was drinking the sake happily. I was surprised that the noise seemed to calm down. She turned to the other side and saw that Crux's captain had already fallen asleep.

Ningguang ordered her maid to pack up and lead Beidou to Jadechamber's empty bedroom. As for her, she would go to her desk to write more of her work.Ningguang had been writing for a while, her head was heavy and her eyes were dizzy. Two and a half jars of sake have started to work. Ningguang turned to the clock next to her room, it was 1:00 am, and that was the last image she remembered.

“Ms. Ningguang........ Ms. Ningguang.” Ningguang woke up because of her maid. "Ms. Ningguang Today, you have to collect three people's taxes and go to the ceremonial courtyard downstairs." The maid finished speaking, then set the board in Ningguang's room and left.

After Ningguang's maid I can go out for ten minutes. The first comer has come in. “I heard you evaded the taxes you had to pay three times already. This time, you need to pay it along with the balance.” Ningguang spoke to her fellow visitor in a calm and dignified manner, “I… I understand. I'll quickly find and pay for you.” The visitor replied to Ningguang with a stiff expression. "Within this week? Ningguang put her hand on her chin on the desk.

The visitor was shocked by the conditions Ningguang offered, but accepted the conditions favorably as there was no way to negotiate with Liyueqixing and left Ningguang's room. Ningguang, seeing the visitor close the door completely, she changed her sitting position and moved her legs. Ningguang felt the need to pee now. The sake she drank last night was returning to her bladder. Ningguang had to hold her pee until two other visitors came and she could go to the bathroom before going to the courtyard below the Jade Chamber.

Twenty minutes have passed. The second visitor arrived. She is Ying'er. Ningguang had to return to her original sitting position. Calm and graceful as ever can't let the townspeople know that Liyue Qixing was holding her pee in front of them. “I never thought that you would owe someone else their taxes,” Ningguang said as she opened her tax account. "Just because I was so obsessed with mixing fragrances that I didn't even look at tax day," Ying'er replies, shyly scratching her hair. "Don't worry this is your first time. I'll forgive you, don't forget to pay the balance." Ningguang said as he put down the paperwork. “I know, and these are the taxes I have to pay along with last month.” Ying'er handed Mora to Ningguang. "Can I go yet? Ms. Ningguang?" Ying'er asked Ningguang. With a slight cross, “Yes, you can go now, in fact, you should have gone to the ladies' room before coming here.” Ningguang joked a little. Ying'er didn't say anything, only blushed and left the room.

But even if she said that to Ying'er, Ningguang didn't pee before this business either. Ningguang put her hand on her crotch and squeezed even more. With an exclamation in her heart, "Shit! I'm leaking! " Her graceful white qipao had no damage, but her shorts were full, even though they were black. Ningguang knew that if the visitor didn't come soon, she would definitely piss. Ningguang tightly squeezed her crotch and crossed her legs so as not to break the big girl's dam.

After about 5 minutes, a third visitor arrived. Ningguang had to put aside her inappropriate gestures for now, and returned to her calm as the previous two times, even though there was a risk that she would piss her off. This negotiation was nothing special like the first visitor, and he left.

All right, Ningguang feels good that she can go to the bathroom. She had to act sober all the time when the door closed. Ningguang hurriedly got up and covered her crotch with both hands. “There are still 5 minutes left before the ceremony in the courtyard begins,” Ningguang said to himself as he ran to the nearest bathroom. She ran for the rest of her life or her elegant qipao would definitely get wet. Ningguang ran to the bathroom and grabbed the knob, it didn't move! “I... I'm sorry, give me a moment. Do you urgently need it? The voice inside could tell that it was Ganyu. “Yes! I want it so much and I'm about to piss! Ningguang replied, with one hand gripping her crotch hard and the other smashing the door.

"Oh..... Eh, Ms. Ningguang! I'll hurry now! Ganyu hurriedly completed her mission. Ningguang cursed a lot as she held her crotch and danced around, "shit shit shit shit shit." “It will come out.” Ningguang said those two sentences back and forth. She began to think that if she waited for Ganyu to finish and got out of the bathroom, she might not be on time, and that Ganyu might have seen her peeing. Ningguang turned to find a pot of plants near the bathroom.

If she took off her pants, someone might see her naked body. Ningguang thought hard, but her bladder didn't give her time to think, "Ah! Shit!" A major leak has occurred. "There's no time, I have to pee! Ningguang took off her black briefs and peeed in a pot of plants near the toilet. Ningguang felt relieved and embarrassed to have to pee outside the bathroom where others might see her peeing naked. “Feeling so warm~” When Ningguang said that, she was surprised that she actually took off her shorts and peeed. But why does she still feel warm in the ass?......

"Ms. Ningguang........ Ms. Ningguang."

Ningguang woke up again and saw her three maids waking her up. "Why are you sleeping here? The maid asked Ningguang. Ningguang remembered that it was 1:00 a.m. before she fell asleep and couldn't remember anything. "What time is it now? Ningguang asked her maid. "It's about 10.30am from the clock now." “All of you can go do your work now,” Ningguang calmly told her maid. The maid who heard her order immediately left Ningguang's office. when the door is completely closed Ningguang stood up and looked at the damage the dress had inflicted. It was visibly wet, not a single part of her back was dry. “I can't believe I pee in my pants while I sleep. Like a young girl! Ningguang said to herself as she took off her clothes to clean up. 30 minutes later Ningguang finished cleaning himself and was looking for a change of clothes when he saw a letter that was written in a hurry.

Ningguang read the letter while she was naked. “I wrote a letter in haste because I didn't want people to see me in this state, but let me give you your bed linen for a moment, I'll give it back to you later. But next time I'll make you drunk! " As time passed, Ningguang finished dressing. There was an accidental visitor. She's Lumine. She walked over to Ningguang. Simultaneously submitting a picture that she had taken “Look, Ningguang. What did I find on the Crux!” Ningguang looked at the picture that Lumine handed over. It was the picture that Beidou was topless, and there was the bedsheet that she had borrowed from Ningguang, and her shorts and panties that were drying. At Beidou's ship's room There were stains on every piece, so Ningguang knew immediately why. But Ningguang couldn't ridicule Beidou because she also peeed on the bed.

END!

( Anyone who wants to read any female characters in Genshin can tell me in here, I'll keep them in mind. If you can tell me the dream that made them pee too that would be great. )

See you next chapter~

*002*2023-04-18 06:56

Chapter 2 came quickly because I was really into fiction.

This time it's all about Shenhe's dream, hope you enjoy it :)

Shenhe, she had intensely practiced her divine arts with many Hilichurls. She uses her Cyro vision abilities to train. The training went smoothly and Hilichurl was easily defeated, but then the training ended because there was no Hilichrul left for her to manage.

Shenhe returned to her palace, the Cloud Retainer flew down from the tower to greet Shenhe. "Welcome back How was the training? Shenhe walked over to her bed to rest. “Training went well. Although I have to take a break to drink some water.” Although the training went smoothly, Shenhe Had practiced since the morning, she used some energy. She had to rest and drink water in order to return the energy. Shenhe walked over to her bed and sat on it. "You're going to sleep without doing other errands? Cloud Retainer asked Shenhe, hinting at what would happen. “I just want to rest a bit and then wake up,” said Shenhe, closing her eyes.

“Shenhe..... Hey Shenhe! ” Shenhe slowly opened her eyes. She woke up, she was in a field near Liyue. “Shenhe, wake up! We promised that we would go to the Lantern rite festival together? “The one who awakened Shenhe was paimon. Shenhe got up and saw the traveler. She waved at Shenhe. "Let's go! " Traveler holding Shenhe's hand and headed for Liyue They arrived just as the Lantern rites were about to start. People are bursting into flames at the festival. The smell of food at each stall wafted into everyone's nose, "Wow! So many things to eat! " Paimon flies to the smell of each restaurant's food. The Traveler and Shenhe followed closely behind Paimon. "What should we order to eat during the festival? The traveler proposed to Shenhe.

"What you choose for me I'd gladly accept it if it was you." Shenhe said as she remained silent, showing no expression on her face. The traveler smiled and walked towards one of the beverage stalls. The traveler walks back to her with two extra-large glasses of Berry & Mint Burst. One drink the traveler would drink, and the other she handed it to Shenhe to drink.

Shenhe and the traveler drank water and went on a festival together, both of them found a lot, including food and releasing Xiao lanterns. The two of them did it together and continued the festival tour, just as they were enjoying the festival walk, Shenhe felt a tickle in her bladder. Drinking a lot of water caused her kidneys to work even more. Shenhe had to pee but not to the extent that she had to take care of it. The clothes she wore were hard to take off, and she didn't want to interrupt her happiness with the travelers.The festival lasted for a while. There were also Xinyan and Hu tao's harbor live performances, Xinyan's rock and roll performances, and Hu tao's rapping performances. is a good match The travelers and the audience cheered for both performances. Shenhe who enjoyed the performance of both of them until forgetting her desires for a moment.

When the performance ended Shenhe felt a heavy strain on his bladder again. Shenhe bounced and put her hands on her crotch and had to tell the traveler about her wish. “I think I need to pee.” The traveler, who heard that, held Shenhe's hand. "Let's go to the bathroom. I have to pee before the show starts.” The couple walked to the bathroom. Put them hands on crotch without embarrassment because there is nothing to hide. Both of their bladders constricted and increased in volume. None of the girls had leaked yet, but it was at a level that both of them had to take care of. The couple arrived in the bathroom not far from the festival. But the line for the women's toilet was very long, and there were many tourists and residents of Liyue who had to pee just like them. “Looks like we have to wait for them.” The traveler gripped her crotch more.

There were about seven women in front of the bathroom to pee, including Traveler and Shenhe they are restless Moving from foot to foot all the time, but the most worrisome symptoms were the Travelers and Shenhe. They hold their crotch and bounce all the time and they sometimes have some pee dancing. Both girls did everything possible to keep their clothes from getting wet but their bladder seemed to be one step ahead of them.

“Ah!!!” The one who was moaning this time was the traveler, she leaked but she was able to hold it back traveler lifted up her skirt to see the damage of her panties. There were no wet marks because her panties were absorbent. The traveler held her crotch again so that it wouldn't leak again. Shenhe, who seemed to be calmer than the traveler, had actually leaked her pants several times already. Her pants were no longer able to absorb the pee she had leaked, and there were tiny wet spots in her pee holes.

As time passed, the traveler and Shenhe Seeing people leaving the bathroom with relief one after another. It didn't relieve them of their bladder at all, but they hadn't leaked any more until it was the next traveler's turn to use the bathroom. Now, if Traveler took her hands off her crotch, then disaster would surely befall her. traveler is wait when the people in it come out.

5 minutes have passed. There was no sign that the bathroom door would open at all. The traveler's tears began to flow, and she danced more violently and knocked on the door. "Give me a moment," a voice came from the bathroom. The traveler struggled until she leaked a huge "Ah! It's coming out! “Her underwear was damp and began to stain yellow. traveler was very flustered because she was about to peed, although this time she could stop it, but the next leak she definitely wouldn't have the right to stop it and pee. The traveler looked left and right, but there was no place to make her feel any less embarrassed. traveler is desperate and about to free her bladder and agree to pee in her pants.

But then Shenhe hurriedly picked her up and jumped out of there. Shenhe jumped and landed in a large field near Liyue. Shenhe put the traveler down, “This place must be safe. No one will see your shame." traveler, who was shocked by what Shenhe had done to her, accidentally relaxed her bladder. A hissing noise broke the silence until the end. The Traveler came to her senses again, but this time she didn't think to stop it. There was only Shenhe here. Then only she and Shenhe would know. After a minute, the hissing ended and the travelers peeed out. She was greatly relieved. Traveler stood up and watched the damage. Her lower garments were all wet, including her skirt and panties. “Don't worry, I'll help you clean yourself,” Shenhe said as he hugged the traveler.

"You don't have to pee anymore? “The traveler is weird about this because the person who initiated the desire to pee was Shenhe, but she was still a little wet on her crotch. Shenhe, hearing the traveler say that, her bladder stirred again. "Ummm!" Shenhe had a big leak, and this time she let out a groan for the first time. She tried to suppress her voice. She tried to stop it, but this time it was of no use to her. Shenhe's muscles were too weak and all the urine came out of her pee hole. The hiss sounded again, Shenhe was relieved, and after 2 minutes, the hiss fell silent again. Shenhe had put on his pants in front of the traveler, her pants were wet but since they were already dark it was hard to see. “Let's go take a shower.”

Traveler took Shenhe to a river not far from where they peeed. The traveler went down the river first, and Shenhe was about to follow. But then Shenhe remembered how she was lying in her own palace, how did she wake up wide open and even though she had peeed with the travelers, she still felt a heavy bladder. Suddenly, Shenhe's bladder pain grew heavier, she covered her crotch with her hands and her buttocks began to feel heavier in as Shenhe's bottom was about to touch the river, Shenhe awoke. "Ha! Ha!"

She woke up, panting heavily, sweat running down her body. "Is this just a dream? “All that happened was just a dream of Shenhe. Shenhe looked at the setting sun. She had only slept for two hours, Shenhe was organizing her thoughts. The bladder reminded again. Shenhe leaked while she was sleeping! Shenhe felt lucky that she just leaked and didn't pee on the bed while sleeping. It's just that?! She leaked a little, but continued non-stop. She could not move out of bed. If Shenhe moved even the slightest, her bladder would explode. Shenhe gave up holding her pee and let her bladder empty. She covered her pee hole with her towel so the hiss wouldn't sound so Cloud Retainer wouldn't know she was peeing on her bed.

Two minutes later, Shenhe's bladder was empty. Shenhe took out a towel, it was all wet. And the bed had a big wet ring from Shenhe's piss. She hurriedly cleaned the wet cloth. as she left the room “I warned you about this.” Cloud Retainer appeared from behind Shenhe. Shenhe was shocked as her face turned red. "Did you see it all?! Cloud Retainer laughed slightly, “I saw everything about what you did, and I saw that with both of you.”

Shenhe heard at Cloud Retainer can tell immediately who it is. She used to do this with her now, but it was a long time ago. “I never imagined that this mattress would touch the urine from three people,” Cloud Retainer said floating up, Shenhe was confusing . Three people? But she didn't think anything of it and succinctly said to the Cloud Retainer, "Would you please not tell the traveler about this?" “It would be a lot of fun if this reached the traveler's ears.” Cloud Retainer teased Shenhe.Shenhe left the palace and shouted at Cloud. Retainer before putting the wet clothes to dry. "Don't! "

END!

*004*2023-04-20 14:06

{{On 4/18/2023 at 11:52 AM, Lil2toes said:

Could you do yae miko. I don't have a dream for her tho.

}}

I'm sorry for the late response to comments as your comment just appeared. Coincidentally, I was writing Yae Miko's story.

The story in this chapter is about Yae. Miko, no one was involved in both dreams and indigo come true. Hope you all enjoyed what I wrote :)

Chapter 3

Yae Miko is a beautiful girl. Majestic and very mature She is the leader of Narukami Shrine. She specializes in writing novels and teasing others. There was no one who could repay her from being teased because she was smarter than expected she always used what was teased to tease back, that's why she was never defeated. But it doesn't seem like today. Today, Yae Miko is taking a night walk in Inazuma. Because she was bored of being in the shrine tonight. She walked towards the center of the city, holding a bottle of water to drink to relieve her dry throat. A lady like Yae Miko needs to stay hydrated all the time she drank water and went to a pond near Inazuma Castle. Yae put her feet in the water and stood in the wind. Yae remained silent for a long time, even if it was only 10 minutes.

The wind blew her hair, making her look even prettier than before. But no matter how calm and cool the night in Inazuma was, Yae Miko had to go back to Narukami Shrine to rest again. Yae let out one long yawn to remind her of her drowsiness. Yae returns to the shrine and enters her private room. Yae was too sleepy to do anything. She went to bed and flopped comfortably on the mattress.

.

.

.

.

.

Yea woke up on a boring day as usual, today she had prayers in the shrine in the morning she turned to look at the clock. Thirty minutes until it's time to pray at the shrine!? Yae was slightly shocked and got up from the mattress, but she was in no hurry, slowly putting on her ceremonial attire this time. While Yae was standing still for her assistant Miko to help her dress, her bladder stimulated. Yae hasn't peeed since last night and she woke up late this morning. "I think I'll pee after this liturgy," she thought, moving from foot to foot.

The liturgy began, Yae stood at her altar. Yae wriggled a bit and began to chant her mantra, now she could easily hide her despair. But I don't know if during the prayer ceremony she will leak or not

The liturgy went very well from the beginning to the middle of the ceremony. Yae's bladder loosened slightly. "Ah!" Yae moaned in her thoughts. The leak wasn't that heavy, but it could be felt by the moisture in her clean underwear. Yae couldn't put her hands on her crotch due to the liturgy. She would be most interested if she squeezed her crotch now because she was in the center of the liturgy right now.

However, the liturgy had to continue with a shrine leader like her. The liturgy has passed through the middle to the end of the liturgy. The bladder began to fill more and more. It was almost impossible for Yae to hold it without putting her hand on her crotch until her pee came out of her bladder again. "Ahhh!" Yae moaned more than before, she almost lost her voice.The leak wasn't as severe as the first time, Yae was able to stop it but since she couldn't squeeze her crotch.

The leak then came out again slowly but steadily. The shrine pants on the crotch are getting darker. Yae could feel that if she couldn't finish the prayer soon. Surely everyone at the shrine saw the pee in her pants.The prayer ceremony was difficult. There are five minutes left until the liturgy ends. Yae was still leaking into her pants, the wet patches spreading even more. It was a very long five minutes. Her face turned red and moved from foot to foot, and prayed that the ceremony would end soon. And then five minutes had passed.

The prayer ceremony has ended. Yae trembled and slowly descended from her prayer spot, and when she was out of everyone's sight, she immediately put her hand on her crotch.Yae quickly ran to the bathroom. She's never had to pee like this before. Every quick step Yae took made her bladder thump all the time. Yae leaked all the way until she reached the bathroom. Fortunately for Yae The bathroom was empty for her. Yae pulls down her clothes and jumps to the toilet to pee. A hissing sound echoed through the bathroom. Urine came out of Yae's urinal so violently that her pee overflowed into the toilet. Yae's bladder had finally relaxed after Yae held it for several hours earlier. After 3 minutes the hissing sound ended. Yae was so relieved that she passed out in the bathroom where she was.

.

.

.

.

.

Yae wakes up on her matterss in her room again. The past events were just dreams. Yae was relieved that it wasn't true. Yae prepares to leave the futon to wash her face and do her duty, but......... when her hand groped in the middle of the futon where she slept, it was wet!! .... Yae got out and found a big wet mark on her mattress. Yae pissed on her bed! Her feeling of wanting to pee is real. She was ashamed to dry her mattress in front of the shrine. She was the shrine chief if anyone knew that Yae Their leader peeed on her bed and her life was definitely over. Yae thought of a way to hide this shame and realized that she was going to dry in the empty space of Inazuma Island. She also went there naked and exposed to the sun.She transforms into a fox form to return to Narukami Shrine. Even a thoughtful and intelligent person like Yae Miko would make the mistake of peeing in her pants. Her peeing will be a very good lesson for her next time she sleeps.

END!

As always, who do you want me to write or do you want the girls in Ganshin to wet their beds? You can comment here to tell me.

See you next chapter~

*006*2023-04-20 21:40

{{3 hours ago, DOUBLEKILL said:

Im thinking about Lisa tho she sleep quite a lot while she slack off and i think Lisa have a lot of Potential to be good Story

}}

It's a good idea to write Lisa's story, her laziness might help me to write it. lol

