Michelle`s Pink Water Bottle

Author: razel 

*000*2020-04-26 01:39

Michelle tried to concentrate on the report on her screen. As she scrolled down the page on the screen, she noticed she was gripping her mouse tightly to the point she could feel a cramp coming on. Taking a deep sigh, she closed her eyes then slowly and carefully relaxed her grip with her right hand. She did not, however, dare to relax her body, especially her left hand. Opening her eyes, she went looked back to the screen. She had lost track of where she had been. She tried reading a few sentences, trying to see if something would spark a vague recollection. But it was no use, she couldn't concentrate at all. She massaged her temples with both hands. Although it was cool in the office, Michelle was lightly sweating. 

A sudden staccato of two knocks on her office door startled Michelle. Her left hand instantly went between her legs as she squished her thighs together and tensed them. A bucket of cold dread washed over her from head to toe; there was only one person who knocked like that. The office door opened and in came her boss, Rachel, smiling, as always. For most people who have only passing interactions with her boss, she was a charming and friendly person. However, for the few who worked with her on a daily basis, Rachel had an arsenal of smiles that communicated subtle hints about what she was thinking or feeling. The smile her boss wore at the moment had a "fangy" edge to it, like a vampire. Mocking, confident, hungry.

"Hi Michelle!" Rachel greeted her. "Are you finished with the proposed increases for next year?"

"Rachel, I'm almost done, I just-"

"Oh dear, Michelle!" exclaimed Rachel, cutting off Michelle. Her smile widened slightly. Although she didn't have canines, the "fangy" edge to her smile sent a shiver up Michelle's spine. She tightened the grip on her left hand. "I thought you would be done by now, it's almost half past ten. And I'd like to have the summary of the changes at some point before lunch."

"Yes, of course Rachel," stammered Michelle. "I'm getting through it as fast as I can, but can I- ?"

Michelle's voice trailed off as Rachel strode toward her desk. Rachel stood at 5'4" with 3 inches heels. To some people, she was a short, energetic, and helpful woman of 45. While Michelle was slightly tall at 5'11" and had an athletic build, she cowered slightly as her boss leered at her over the desk. Rachel's eyes passed over the left-hand pressed between thighs. Somehow, the edge to her smile grew sharper, like a knife just freshly sharpened on whetstone, and a tinkle in her eye showed the amusement she felt.

Speaking with a significantly lower voice with only the slightest menacing growl Rachel said,"After I get the report, and not a moment before."

Michelle could only lower her eyes and nod obediently.

Rachel picked up the pink water bottle on her desk. It was almost 1/4 empty. She shook it slightly, making the water slosh around, then turned the bottle around in her hand. "This sticker says the water bottle is certified leak proof," Rachel commented. She arched an eyebrow and gave Michelle a razor sharp smile. "If only we could say the same about you." 

Michelle blushed at the humiliating remark. There was nothing she could do but hold her tongue, and her sphincter. 

Rachel returned the bottle to where it was then turned around and walked to exit the office. She stopped on the threshold, then turned around.

"Oh, Michelle? You still have a bit of water in your bottle. Do remember to stay hydrated." She said sweetly, as if a mother doting on her child. But Michelle knew when Rachel was giving orders, even if they were not phrased as such.

"H-how much more should I drink?" Michelle asked nervously. She couldn't help it any longer, she moved her right hand to join her left hand under her black pencil skirt and held herself.

Rachel thoughtfully looked at the bottle and smiled sadistically. "'Don't stop'." Then she exited, smoothly closing the office door behind her, the door latch clicking ominously not unlike the that of handcuffs snapping shut.

Michelle swallowed hard. The line on the her water bottle marked 'Don't Stop!' meant she had to drink almost half her bottle! It had been some two hours and a quarter of the bottle since she had last been used the toilet at her house. Her bladder strained against her white poly fiber panties. She shot her water bottle a look, directing all her frustration at the mess it had gotten her into. But she knew the truth was that, Rachel would have found some other way of torturing her. 

###

Just over two weeks ago, Michelle had bought a 1.5L decorated motivational water bottle. It was a cute pink bottle with white cover and cursive lettering, where times and motivational messages were denoted instead of capacity marks. 

-- Ready, Set, Drink! 8am --
-- You've got it! --
-- Keep Going! 10am --
-- Don't Stop! --
-- Halfway There! 12pm --
-- Don't give up! --
-- Keep Chugging! 2pm --
-- Almost there!! --
-- You did it! 5pm -- 

It seemed like a practical way of tracking her water intake. Besides, it tended to be on the dry side in the office for whatever reason and her skin often felt a bit dry. The first few days, it had worked like a charm: she could see her skin becoming more radiant and hardly felt the dry air! Of course, the downside was that she needed to go to the bathroom all the time. And to get to the bathroom (or leave the hallway that belong to HR), she had to pass by Rachel's office, which had clear glass walls. The clear glass was intended to make the HR Director's office seem transparent and open, but of course the real reason was to remind her department that she saw everything and everyone. There was nothing she didn't know, and, as office rumors had it, no one she couldn't manipulate.
Rachel hadn't really bothered Michelle in the three years she had been working at the office. Oh, there had been several sharp remarks about mistakes Michelle had made and some tense conversations, but it was the normal boss cracking the whip stuff. Michelle had been using the water bottle for a week, when Rachel made her signature two-knock announcement on the office door one day a few minutes after Michelle arrived.
"Hi there, Michelle! Do you mind if we have a little chat?" Rachel said brightly. Something in her smile made Michelle uneasy. A passing memory of a low-budget car dealership commercial flashed in her head. The dealer starring in the commercial was a comical stereotype of the shady car dealer. His smile was slightly crooked and instinctively unsettling. It was the smile of a loan shark making you a deal you couldn't refuse.
"Uh, sure Rachel."
Rachel entered gracefully, shutting the door quietly behind her.
"I've noticed you've been walking by my office more often than usual. Is there something that's been happening?"
"Oh, that!" Michelle relaxed, though not fully. She had thought she had made an error on the 401k employee guide. "I bought this motivational water bottle to help me drink more water. See?" She held up her pink water bottle. "Of course, because of that..." Michelle trailed off, embarrassed.
Rachel took it in hand and read the markings. "Oh, that's cute," she commented, turning the bottle over. "But... I'm afraid that you going to the restroom so often makes my department look a little bad."
Michelle almost blanched, taken off-guard by the comment. "Um, I'm sorry to hear that, but I'm not sure why anyone would think that?" she said as calmly as she could.
Bottle still in hand, Rachel said in a tender, motherly tone as if lecturing her child,"You see, Michelle, when someone goes to the bathroom every 15 minutes or so, it may seem like there's a lack of control, a lack of discipline. And image is everything to a company's human resources department. If an HR representative looks like she's not in control, then it looks like the HR department isn't in control. And if the HR department looks bad, then I look bad. We wouldn't want that, now, do we?" She flashed a sharp smile at Michelle for understanding. Michelle merely nodded.
"With that in mind, I'm afraid I'm going to have to restrict how often you can use the restroom."
The sense of unease in Michelle practically exploded into general alarm. She exclaimed,"You can't do that!" But she instantly knew she that was exactly the wrong reaction.
Rachel smiled, her teeth suddenly possessing a razor sharp glint. "Michelle, are you aware of our policy regarding recreational use of illicit drugs, like marijuana or ectasy?"
This time Rachel did openly blanch. Those were exactly the two things she used regularly. She had stopped using them to pass the obligatory drug test when she was hired. In her three years working she had not heard of anyone taking the drug test again after being hired.
"I can't say when the next drug screening will be, as these tests are random," Rachel said. "As you know, our company has a zero-tolerance policy regarding drug use."
She knows, Michelle thought. How the hell does she know? I can't afford to lose this job, she's got me. Michelle didn't trust herself to say anything, so she nodded silently.
"I'm glad we understand each other." Rachel smiled victoriously, viciously. "So, effective immediately, when you need to use the restroom, you will have to come to my office and ask permission. Let's see if we can't help you practice some self-control."
Rachel looked at the water bottle she was still holding. "You do have a point though, hydration is important to staying healthy. How about you keep the schedule on this water bottle? I'll be checking in randomly to make sure you keep to the schedule."
Michelle felt like a sudden a 20lb weight had been dropped on her stomach. She realized exactly what Rachel was doing. Her mind raced to find some way out, but she was trapped.
Setting the bottle down on the desk and moving to leave the office, Rachel said, "I'm glad we had this talk, Michelle. Thank you for your time!" 

* * * 

It was 11:04am, and Michelle was reaching the end of her endurance. Rachel had been torturing her all week, and it was beginning to have a diminishing effect on her ability to hold. Every day it seemed like her bladder was weaker and weaker. As she waited for the documents to finish printing, she had both her hands pressed up inside her skirt as she did a jerky and erratic pee-dance. She crossed her legs, then recrossed them vice versa, tensing her thighs, and randomly dipped to lower her center of gravity. Anything to that might seem to help her the least bit. Her panties were already moist, from the brief but constant losses of control over the past half hour. Michelle had repeatedly checked and rechecked the back of her skirt. She could see no stains that revealed how close she was to completely losing it, but she certainly felt something, and very self-conscious to the point of paranoia.
Finally the printer finished. She snatched up the documents, grabbed the bottle from her desk, then dashed to Rachel's office. But there was already someone inside. She made eye contact with Rachel, and received the hand gesture saying "just a minute", but Michelle ended up waiting an agonizing extra few minutes while Rachel talked and laughed with the man. She felt the spurts grow larger, but could she could not hold herself for the extra support since she was holding both the documents and her water bottle. She could only gyrate her legs and tense her already sore leg muscles.
As the man left the office, Michelle rushed in. Rachel's smile brightened visible as she entered.
"Rachel, I'm finished with the summary, here's everything!" As carefully and respectfully as she could, she laid the papers out for Rachel on her desk. Still, her hands shook as she set the papers out; the physical effort to keep herself together was exhausting.
Rachel leafed through the documents as Michelle stood there, with her right hand gripping the edge of her skirt as if one would hold on to a cliff edge to keep from falling to their death. It seemed to Michelle as if Rachel was intentionally being slow in reading the report, just another game to toy with Michelle by making her wait until the last possible second. A sudden wave of cramping pain made her lose control for a full second, and she felt a trickle down the inside of her thigh.
"R-Rachel?" Michelle squeaked, the level of her panic matching the high pitch of her voice.
Rachel didn't even look at Michelle, she kept on reading for a few more seconds. Then she set the papers down, satisfied for the moment. She treated Michelle to a smile of genuine mirth, drinking in the power of being able to push the younger, taller woman to the absolute edge of her willpower.
"That will do for now Michelle. And your water bottle?"
Michelle held the water bottle out and presented it for Rachel to see. She tried to keep it as steady as she could, but diverting even this amount of attention made her lose momentary control again. The trickle on the inside of her thigh dribbled further down, and she audibly inhaled, summoning the whatever strength was left to stop the leak. The trickle must have been visible past the end of her skirt, because Rachel's eyes looked downward towards her legs.
"Alright, go before you stain my carpet," she said dimissively, disdainfully.
Michelle had already turned around to exit before Rachel had even finished her sentence. She made a mad, desperate dash for the ladies' restroom. Out of the corner of her eyes she saw heads turn to look at her. She blushed fiercely at the attention on her obvious desperation. Although she the sound of her pulse was deafening in her ears, she could swear she could hear the whispers of the people on the floor.
"...there she goes again..."
"...my kid can hold himself better..."
"...think she'd know her own limit..."
Bursting through the door of the restroom, Michelle felt the very last vestiges of control slipping away like the grains of sand in an hour glass. She spurted into her panties, and this time she could feel wetness down to her ankles. She dropped the water bottle and flung open a restroom stall. She didn't even turn around but sat on the toilet facing toward the wall. Even before she was on the toilet, her muscles gave out. Hiking her skirt up, she gushed a torrent through her already saturated panties.
The sense of physical, mental, and emotional relief took her breath away and made her mind mentally blank for a second. Somewhere in the emptiness she heard the distant, reverberating echoes of the water bottle clanging against the floor, bringing her back. She let the edges of her skirt slip through her hands and fall back into position, then leaned forward and rested her hands against the wall for support as she emptied her tortured bladder for several minutes. Her breathing slowly went from short ragged gasps to longer, even-paced panting, and finally normal breathing. Michelle became aware of her drenched panties clinging to her. They were still slightly warm, and the slight stinging sensation of the urine on her skin grew more noticeable as it was rapidly cooled by the ambient room temperature.
Michelle began to collect herself mentally, and brought her arms down to inspect herself. Her white panties were ruined, that much was beyond a doubt. She sighed, then reversed her position so that she was sitting normally towards the door and eased her panties down. First she thoroughly wiped herself and her legs, then tried to dry her panties as best she could. Feeling that she was somewhat clean, she flushed the toilet and took off her panties fully. Unfortunately, she had no pocket to hide her stained panties. There was no choice but to put them on again until she could quickly pull them off and stuff them into her purse at her office. She rose on shaky legs to exit the stall. She rinsed her panties in the sink, then dried them again and washed her hands. As she slipped back into her panties, she felt goosebumps across her skin.
The door to the restroom swung openly. Michelle turned around to find Rachel smiling her malevolent smile. In her hand was the pink water bottle Michelle had dropped.
"It's almost lunchtime, Michelle. You're halfway there," Rachel said with perverse happiness. 

*003*2020-04-26 16:33

{{1 hour ago, FromIncognitoMode said: 

Veeeery nice. This is just lovely. Will we see more? 

}}

Definitely! I do want to keep the tone of the story and character behavior consistent, but I don't want to use the same words over and over. 

Also, how do I edit the OP again? Re-reading it make me see all the bad grammar/typos and I really want to fix it. 

*009*2020-05-02 17:18

###

Epilogue

###

Michelle meekly walked behind Rachel across the office floor back to the HR section. Her head hung low, looking at her feet as she avoided meeting the eyes of the spectators on the floor. The tension was palpable, and uncomfortably reminiscent of school. In her mind, she could hear the unspoken collective banter of the room with the voices from her childhood: "Ooohh! Look who got called to the principle's office!" The feeling of her stained and slightly damp panties was also embarrassingly familiar, though back then her embarrassment was not so public. Out of the corner of her eye, she caught glimpses of half-hidden smirks and condescending stares. 

Despite her short stature, Rachel commanded presence and force of personality. Rachel's heels clicked loudly over the soft spoken conversations and muted clamor of the operations floor. Her posture was straight and poised, in stark contrast to Michelle. Trailing behind Rachel, Michelle felt as if she were walking in the footsteps of a towering giant though she was almost a foot taller than her boss. In Rachel's hand was Michelle's pink water bottle.

Parading Michelle across the operations floor was not just intended to embarrass her, it was also a show of force. Michelle was being made an example of, through sinister means. Rachel led the way into her office, letting Michelle courteously go in first. She set the water bottle off-center on the desk. 

"Please take a seat, Michelle," Rachel offered graciously. Michelle preferred to stand because of her still not quite dry panties. She was also sure Rachel was aware of that, but took the seat as told. Michelle squirmed slightly in the chair as the damp fibers squeezed against her. She could see Rachel's eyes narrow slightly, mischievously. 

"So, Michelle," Rachel began, "I think it's obvious over the past week that there's an issue with your... self-control."
The words hung in the air, yet burned deeply into Michelle. She folded her hands tightly in her lap, instinctively switching to this defensive posture. Even though she wasn't desperate, she felt very vulnerable in this moment. She could feel her heart pumping rapidly as Rachel seemed to look down at her from on high, could see right through her, could reach down and smite her effortlessly. 

"I was genuinely worried about your earlier. You were about to have an accident in my office." Briefly, the smile from Rachel was replaced with a small frown that reflected her displeasure. It was a rare moment where Rachel's facial expression and inner thoughts were in sync. Apparently, Rachel was not thrilled that Michelle had almost left a puddle in her office. Even this was a line that Rachel was not wont to cross. 

"It seems I had overestimated your capacity, and we need to start from a more basic place." 

Michelle suddenly understood where Rachel was going with this, but couldn't help raising the question, "A more basic place?" 

Rachel's smile returned. "We'll try putting you in something that will prevent sudden accidents." 

"You're putting me in diapers?" Michelle said in a small voice. 

"Protective garments," Rachel corrected her. "I think you'll find them quite comfortable. I'm placing an order for some that should come over the weekend. On Monday, come in early so we can have you fitted. Just a temporary measure." 

Michelle swallowed a hard lump. "How long do you intend for this to- for me to..." 

"That's up to you," Rachel smiled optimistically. "When you can stay dry for one day, then you won't need to wear them. Of course, if you slip backwards..." Her threat lingered unspoken. Rachel smiled at Michelle playfully and dreadfully. 

