Desperate Jean

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2023-07-04 13:08

Desperate Jean:

"The one and only Jean, the 19-year-old gaming goddess that leaves her subscribers drooling and begging for more! With her sharp gaming skills and daring fashion choices, Jean has set the bar high for all gamer girls out there. Whether she’s slaying dragons in her skimpy bikini or taking on the enemy team in her thigh-high boots, Jean is always pushing the boundaries of not only gaming but also her overflowing bladder. Yes, Jean always games with a bladder-about-to-explode. No other girls out there can beat her.

So hold onto your controllers, folks, because Jean is about to take you on a wild ride that you won’t soon forget!"

That’s what, her intro read on the streaming website. But before all this Jean had an adventure, more like an Origin story, which lead her to become the most sought-after gamer. Read on to find out.

Scene 1: The Plan

Jean sat at her desk, scrolling through pictures of models with huge fake boobs. She sighed and looked at her moderate sized boobs and bit her lips with greed. Jean was by no means an average girl. Most of the girls of her age would die to get a chiseled body like her. And her height was perfect at 5’3”- the fun size as she called it. But she wanted more. She wanted massive boobs and desperately wanted to get a boob job done. The image of her having boobs bigger than her head, was ingrained in her mind.

Suddenly, an idea struck her. She turned to her best friend Tess, who was sitting on the couch in her room with her laptop.

"Tess, I've got it! I'm going to do a subathon to raise money for my boob job!" Jean exclaimed. Her eyes glowing with thrill.

Tess raised an eyebrow. "A subathon? You mean those livestreams where you do challenges and people donate money? That sounds like a lot of work."

Jean shook her head. "No, it'll be easy. I'll just play games and perform challenges while wearing my most daring outfits. People will be throwing money at me in no time." Tess chuckled. "And what kind of outfits are we talking about here?"

Jean grinned mischievously. "Oh, you know, a little too revealing, a little too tight, a little more cleavage. I want to make sure I grab people's attention."

"The more the skin - the more the green.” Tess laughed. “But are you sure you want to do this? These kind of streams trend to go on for hours."

Jean's eyes sparkled with excitement. "I'm totally up for it. In fact, I'm thinking of making it even more thrilling for myself."

"How so?" Tess asked.

"I'm going to hold my pee the entire time," Jean said with a smirk.

Tess's jaw dropped. "Are you crazy? You're going to be sitting there for 24 hours, drinking gallons and corking up a full bladder?"

Jean shrugged. "It'll be a fun challenge. And imagine the sensation when the pressure builds, pressing against my G-spot and then finally letting it all out." Goosebumps appeared on her body in excitement.

Tess shook her head in disbelief. "You're a crazy girl, Jean. But I do agree, holding it in is so much HOT! Plus, if it gets you the money you need for your surgery, go for it."

Scene 2: The Subathon Begins

Tess sat on the couch, munching on popcorn as she ogled at Jean, her jaw dropping at her friend's skimpy outfits. "Oh my God, Jean! How are you not freezing in that? You’re practically naked" Tess asked, pointing at Jean's skimpy outfit. Jean wore an eye wateringly tight crop top with a plunging neckline. It was clearly smallest size she could get. It gave her a substantial cleavage and her boobs was could pop out any second. She coupled it with a neon orange thong and tight low waist jeans.

Jean grinned mischievously. "Oh, I have my ways," she said, winking at the camera. "I'll be sure to show you all some of my moves later."

“Did you go the bathroom though?”Tess was curious.

“Nope. I’m holding it since evening 6” Jean bit her lips in arousal. “It is more tantalising then I thought”.

“It sure is,” Tess pointed to her own bladder bulge. Jean’s eye widened with excitement.

The stream started exactly at midnight. As the hours went on, Jean's viewers grew more and more enthusiastic, throwing money at her to complete various challenges. Jean giggled as she read out some of the requests.

"Jean, can you do a cartwheel in those heels?" | "Can you twerk to this song?" | "Jean, can you do a handstand while holding a shot glass in your mouth?"

Jean eagerly obliged, relishing in the attention and the money pouring in. She felt a thrill every time a new subscriber signed up or donated, knowing that she was one step closer to her dream surgery. But as the night wore on, Jean started to feel a different kind of thrill. She had been holding her pee for hours now, and the pressure was starting to build. The empty water bottles kept reminding how much she had consumed. But she refused to break the seal, relishing in the challenge of holding it for a full 24 hours. She could already feel the sensation of relief that would come with finally letting go. Meanwhile, her subscribers continued to flood her chat with messages and requests, completely unaware of Jean's naughty little secret. But Jean couldn't help but grin wickedly to herself, knowing that she was in for a wild ride. The subathon had only just begun, and she was ready for anything they could throw at her.

Scene 3: The Urge

Morning dawned. Jean didn’t allow herself even a drop of relief for 12 long hours. Around 2 litres of water were coursing in her system. There was a prominent bulge in her bladder.

"Ohhh," Jean thought to herself, trying to push away the feeling of urgency. "The pressure feels so good but it's getting to much to bear. I must fight it.. It’s just 18 more hours"

Jean’s attire was made of thick latex and it began to take its toll on her bladder. Every slight movement or shift caused a wave of pressure to shoot through her body.

To make matters worse, the air conditioning in her apartment was on full blast. Jean had turned it up to keep her subscribers entertained with her perky nipples, but the cold air was wreaking havoc on her bladder. She was second guessing her decision to skip her before-start-pee and all the extra water she drank instead. But the thought of the added challenge had been too thrilling to resist.

Jean's concentration was wavering and she missed a few requests from get fans. Her desperation was growing by the minute, and her subscribers could sense it. They began to leave comments, egging her on to keep holding, but also begging her to give in and pee. Jean was determined not to let them down, even if it meant enduring the discomfort for hours on end.

But as the hours turned into the afternoon, Jean's determination was put to the ultimate test. 20 hours had passed since her last pee and 14 hours into the subathon, her body was demanding relief, but she was too stubborn to accept defeat especially when her subscribers were watching her every move.

She shifted again in her chair, squeezing her legs together tightly. "Oh, God," she whispered to herself. "I can't take it anymore." But even as she spoke the words, Jean knew she couldn't give up. She had made a promise to herself and her subscribers, and she was determined to see it through to the end.

Scene 4: The Challenges

Jean clenched her fists under the desk, trying to focus on the challenges, but it was getting harder and harder to ignore the relentless pressure. Her mind was starting to play tricks on her, making her think about waterfalls and running water.

"I can do this," she whispered to herself, trying to convince herself that she could make it to the end of the subathon. But then another challenge came in, and Jean knew it was going to be her downfall.

One of her subscribers had asked her to do a sexy dance in her tight, revealing outfit. Jean stood up and started moving her hips, trying to distract herself from the urge to pee. But as the dance went on, her legs started to shake uncontrollably, and she knew she was about to lose control.

She quickly sat down, crossing her legs tightly and trying to keep a straight face.

"I need to pee so bad," she whispered to Tess, who was giggling in the background.

"You can do it, girl," Tess encouraged her, but Jean wasn't so sure. Before Jean could say anything, her screen pinged with a new message from a subscriber. "I bet you can't defeat the superboss in megablaster game. If you die, you drink a glass of water and repeat it till you defeat him" it read.

@@Jean's eyes widened with horror and the comment section was on fire. She nervously fidgeted in her seat and her heart was racing – “How the duck do I defeat the superboss when I can’t really even sit straight!” She was teary eyed remembering that it took her 7 tries to defeat him at the easiest setting, let alone when her bladder was boiling with 23 hours of piss. She took a deep breath, crossed her legs as tightly as she could, and began. Holding the controller was pure torture. The vibrations of the controller somehow travelled to her bladder making her squirm, non-stop. 3 hours passed but she didn’t succeed and her poor bladder had to bear all the brunt of it. 5 tall glasses of water, we’re downed by Jean, each hitting her bladder like a freight train. The bulge in her bladder had pushed the waist band of her tight jeans down to her crotch. But after a long struggle, Jean was able to defeat the superboss. She felt proud of herself and the satisfaction of doing so on a bladder that could explode any moment brought her a different kick.

Scene 5: The Outburst

26 hours since her last piss - 4 litres of water - 20 hours into the subathon - Jean was hanging by a thread. Her body was drenched in sweat and face red as tomato. She was shaking with the efforts to contain the tremendous pressure. “I can't take much more of this," Jean thought, her mind racing as she tried to come up with ways to distract herself. All her will power was focussed on keeping her hands away from her crotch. For Jean that was the sign of defeat. Her eyes darted to the clock, willing time to move faster, but it felt like an eternity had passed since the subathon began.

"I want to finish the subathon for all my fans but … I AM BURSTING" Jean moaned, her voice barely above a whisper. She was squirming in her seat, her hands shaking as she tried to maintain her composure. The subscribers were loving it. They were sending in more requests, taking advantage of Jean's desperation. Jean was determined not to give up but her body refused to obey. It wanted relief - NOW!. Her eyes fell on the door of the bathroom which was so close and yet so far. She had made it this far, and she wasn't going to let her bladder win. She closed her eyes tight and took a deep breath, focusing all her energy on the next challenge but little did she what was coming next.

Tess herself had joined Jean’s server and challenged her to put on vibrating panties, which the subscribers would control – turn by turn using an onscreen QR code. Jean glared at Tess, which made her go nuts with laughter. But there was nothing Jean could do. Any sudden movement would mean a disaster and end of the wonderful sensation of arousal which kept her going on.

Ted’s pulled Jean aside from the camera and pulled her tight jeans and thong, down with a single tug. She pulled out a fresh set of vibrating undie, which was perhaps the smallest size and wiggled it on Jean. Her bladder was bulging obscenely. A sudden scratch of a nail would have been enough to pop it. The waistband of the undie was viciously cutting into her bladder. Tess noticed Jean's inability to move and dragged her to the camera. Jean's face was contorted with the efforts of keeping the flood inside. As soon as the fans saw her in that tight undie, they were in a frenzy. The money indicator at the top right of the screen kept increasing like the numbers of a stop watch.

Then Tess began the game began and released the QR Code on screen. Within a blink of an eye, wild eccentric vibration ravaged Jean’s clit. Her eyes rolled back and hands flew to her crotch. The intensity of vibration varied from extreme to extreme at different settings, rotations and speeds. She was in a state of fit. It felt as if the best cocks in the world were pounding her all at the same time. Her mind was foggy with arousal and wild instincts. Her bladder on the other hand hated the rapid erratic movements. It raided Jean with spasms and waves of desperation, each stronger than the previous. Had it but been for the vibrating undies, Jean would have flooded the room. But her relief was a distant dream.

For the next 6 hours Jean’s pussy was oozing rivers of cum. Thick white liquid ran down her toned milky legs, filling her heels. Her hands were shoved tight on her crotch and her fingers were all sticky. Her undie cling to her soft shaven pussy as the flood of cum kept coming. Never in her life had Jean experienced such strong orgasms in rapid succession. She was caught in a crossfire of desperation and arousal. Her muscles were exhausted and ached with the strain of enduring 32 hour’s worth of boiling piss. Soon the battery of her undie ran out and the wild ride of orgasms came to an end. Jean was jolted back to her senses. The pain of her bladder hit her like Thor’s hammer.

Jean HAD TO PEE NOW! There was no more clenching of muscles, no willpower, no strength left in her. Her bladder was in charge now and without any warning it simply exploded. Jean’s floodgates finally burst open and a strong thick torrent of piss erupted from her pussy. All the thick sticky layer of cum on her thighs and the floor was washed away with the force of her piss. Jean was gasping for control but her bladder would not stand any more non-sense. She looked down, mortified, and saw a strong gush of piss still continuing to flood the room. Her fans were awestruck. Tips kept coming in like no tomorrow, as Tess adjusted the camera to focus on Jean’s crotch.

"I… I’m sorry" she groaned, realizing that she was losing the battle. The subscribers cheered her on, but Jean's world had collapsed to the little pee hold which was expelling hot steaming piss like a hose. She was beyond caring what was happening on the screen or what Tess would think. She was having a full-blown accident and there was nothing she could do about it. Only after half her piss was pushed out by her bladder, Jean clenched herself with a last burst of will power. The gusher came to a sudden halt with her hands seemingly welded to her crotch.

@@Tess and the entire audience of 72000, had the time of their lives. Jess not only managed to do a non-stop subathon for 30 hours but also managed to hold a drum of piss inside her all the time. Had it not been for the vibrating undies she may have made out dry as well. But it was too late to think about all that. She couldn’t believe her eyes to see what a huge sum of money she garnered. A whopping 111,000$. As a last parting gift to her fans, she took out her top blew a kiss to the fans and closed the subathon. Once the she was logged out, Jean made a mad dash for the bathroom. Despite releasing such a massive flood a few minutes earlier, her pussy still quivered with jets of piss. She barely made it to the toilet and collapsed onto it with a sigh of relief. An even more powerful spray of piss hit the water below as she loudly moaned feeling a mix of hot arousal and desperation. The vibration of hot piss gushing out of her pussy tingled her and she was bombarded with one massive orgasm as if her body was thanking her!

Once she was empty, reality dawned on her - Jean was in a mix of feelings - humiliated and empowered at the same time. She couldn’t deny that it had been an exhilarating experience. The thrill of holding it in and the challenge of trying not to pee had been addictive. The series of orgasms was an added bonus and she couldn’t wait to try it again. But first, she needed to clean up the mess and take a long shower. She couldn’t bear the thought of sitting in her own urine any longer. As she got up, she felt another small trickle down her legs. She sighed and shook her head, realizing that she had a lot to learn about holding her bladder for long periods of time.

As Jean cleaned up the mess, she couldn't help but laugh at the absurdity of the situation. She had just wet herself on a live stream, in front of thousands of people. But somehow, she felt liberated by the experience. When she finally emerged from the bathroom after all the cleanup and the shower , Tess was waiting for her with a bottle of water and a congratulatory hug.

“You did it! 30 hours of subathon with a 36 hour overfull bladder !” Tess exclaimed, grinning. Another spurt of pee escaped from Jean's pussy onto Tess's thighs as they embraced each other. Jean smiled weakly, still feeling a bit embarrassed about the leak. “THIS WAS HOT,” Tess said. Jean was still shuddering at the memory of the desperation and arousal she had felt. All Jean could do was nod in agreement as Tess laughed. “Hey, you made bank and got your surgery money. And who knows, maybe next time we can make it a 48-hour subathon and make double the money!”

Jean loved the idea. It got her thinking, “If a 30 hour marathon got me close to 90,000$, what would happen if I held it longer.” She immediately changed her online profile name to “BurstingJean” and from that day on, she made it her mission to master the art of bladder control. She started practicing holding it in for longer and longer periods of time, drinking more and wearing tighter, sexier clothes. It became her second nature to test her limits and push herself to maddening states of desperation. And although she had her fair share of accidents along the way, she never gave up. It was a new kind of thrill, one that she couldn’t get enough of. And she knew that as long as she kept pushing herself, there would always be another challenge to conquer.

- - - The End - - -

