Confessions of a Peeaholic (US)

Author: redstallion

*000*2025-07-18 07:44

Here's my new ongoing series, about a young woman who chronicles her pee experiences from the past all the way up to the present!

Hi everyone, my name is Amber, the perfect American girl with red hair, emerald green eyes, pale skin, 34D tits, a rockin' hourglass figure, and a average bladder. I know it's weird, but I'm also into omorashi, the art of holding your pee and releasing it all in your pants. As I hold my full bladder while speaking, let's recall how I got into this lifestyle.

Story 1 - 2000

In 2000, I was just about to graduate, as a senior student at a nice college, about to head to a grad college. During my graduation, I must have drank too much coffee during the day and during the ceremony, I was ABSOLUTELY bursting. I focused on the ceremony for most of it, but as soon as I got my diploma, the urge was overwhelming me. "Excuse me, can I use the bathroom?" I told one of my teachers. But he said no because the ceremony was about to end in 10 minutes. But I was about to fucking burst any minute.

Since I got my diploma, I spent the rest of the ceremony pee-pee dancing in my seat with the classmates sitting next to me watching me with fascination. One of those guys, also a senior, watching would eventually become my first love interest. "Gotta... pee... so... bad..." I whisper as my classmates were getting turned on by my desperation. Minutes felt like hours as I only focused on my bursting bladder. "Fuck, fuck, fuck," I swore under my breath in desperation. That guy who became my love was watching me constantly and I could tell he was extremely turned on. After 10 min that felt like hours, the ceremony finally ended and my parents took me home, where I instantly sprinted to the bathroom.

I barely make it in time and I unleashed a holy flood of piss into the toilet, the sound drowning out every other noise as I moaned in relief like a whore. "Fuck yes!" I cried out as the feeling of relief overtook my body, and I felt that I was in Heaven. But all good things must come to a end. After peeing for what felt like hours, my bladder was finally empty. I check my panties and I see that I lost control on the way to the bathroom, with a wet patch on my panties. Still, that feeling of unleashing the golden flood turned me on. 

Shortly after that occured, I searched online to find out where I can talk with other people who had similar experiences, and this lead me to a site where I can chat with people and also watch videos of women holding on for dear life and peeing themselves. So one day, I intentionally drank so much water and held it in until I peed my pants, and I later found that I actually loved peeing my pants better than going to the toilet. But to keep myself professional, I still pee in toilets in public. And of course, this opened up many new opportunities for my peeing adventures.

As I finish telling this story, I'm absolutely bursting by this point. I've been holding on for nearly 2 hours after I drank a lot of soda. Hold on guys, I'M PEEING MY PANTS! Liters of crystal clear pee instantly soak my jeans and create a huge puddle on the floor. I pee for a few minutes before I'm done and I'm absolutely soaked in my own pee. But who cares? Peeing my pants is way sexier than using the bathroom! Anyway guys, this story is how I got myself into the world of omorashi, and from then on, it's gonna be fucking exciting.

Next story coming up soon!

