Omomonogatari

Author: Railgun-sama

*010*2020-04-03 11:37

So, three years is a bit much to be considered a hiatus, and in truth I had entirely planned on dropping this story completely after my return to this site, but after encouraging words from a fan on one of my more recent stories and the fact that I had a basic framework for the story already planned out, as well as just generally being a fan of the Monogatari series and how it's written, I figured I'd give revitalizing this story a shot. So, without delaying this LONG overdue continuation, here's the next part.

004

The next day, at school, a feeling of anxious unrest grew in the pit of my stomach as I waited for lunch.

Well, for starters, Sodachi was there, and her gaze kept falling upon me suspiciously. There were actually quite a lot of things I wanted to ask her, but right now didn’t seem like a good time for any of them. There was the hospital band she had dropped yesterday (though I couldn’t be entirely positive she had dropped it on accident, considering the timing), but also in general I kind of wished things hadn’t gone so poorly between us after I told her how me and Yuuki met.

But it could easily be said that the issues between me and Sodachi were all a kind of side-story. Actually, if I were to describe it, I would call it more an afterthought than anything.

The main plot here was me drugging Sanae with diuretic to see if she had truly struck up a partnership with a Fortune Toad.

Well, how I was going to do it was simple enough, provided I got ample opportunity to do so without being noticed.

Sanae, being a rather health-conscious person, drank water throughout the day to stay hydrated. To achieve that goal, she could more often than not be found with a plastic water bottle sitting at the foot of her desk throughout the school day.

During lunch, where most of the students in the classroom would rush to either purchase meals from the school’s cafeteria, or to claim the roof or other ideal eating locations, Sanae would often leave the classroom as well. I had never paid too much mind to whether she was also buying lunch, going to the bathroom, or simply walking a little to stretch her legs, but why she was gone didn’t matter.

The important part was that I’d have enough time to snatch her bottle up and slip the diuretic into it.

The problem was….

Well, if not everyone left the classroom, or if I was caught, the dubiousness of that kind of situation would likely lead to another scandal.

No, forget just a simple scandal. If I was caught drugging the water bottle of a girl in my class, being forced to resign as Class Representative would be the least of my worries.

Perhaps I was exuding some sort of nervous, anxious, suspicious aura that Sodachi was picking up on. At any rate, she kept staring at me, drilling holes into the back of my head the whole day thus far.

With half the day over already before I knew it, the familiar sound of the lunch bell rang, and everyone trampled over one another to free themselves from the classroom.

In the end, I was left in the classroom with Sodachi.

Actually, that was probably the worst possible matchup.

After all, while I was sitting down, Sodachi’s eyes were still on me. Even if she looked away for a second, the second I moved she would notice and turn her attention back to me immediately. That would be a problem even if Sanae’s desk was next to mine.

But in reality, her desk sat on the other side of the classroom.

I frowned. What was I going to do about this situation?

“Hey, bonehead.”

That insult came from behind me.

Even if it hadn’t, there was only one other person in the classroom.

Perhaps it was because I was nervous about what I was about to do, but I felt myself shaking as I turned my head to face the silver-haired girl behind me.

“Y-y-y-yes?” I asked, stuttering conspicuously.

Sodachi didn’t look amused.

“You’ve been nervously avoiding my gaze, even though most days you glance back at me over your shoulder like you have something you want to say. It’s been like that since you told me those adventures of yours with our Ex-class Rep, but today’s the first day something’s been different. I’m not so unobservant that I wouldn’t notice you acting differently. Tell me, have you come to despise me after our conversation yesterday?”

“I was under the impression that you were the one who had come to despise me…”

That’s what I wanted to say.

I wanted to point out to that twintailed girl who looked down on me no matter what that she was acting very much like she despised me. That, in fact, she had only ever acted like she didn’t despise me for an incredibly brief amount of time.

In fact, if I had gone with that, I might have been able to produce an uncomfortable atmosphere that Sodachi felt inclined to leave. I could, with that, drive her out of the classroom. Even if she wouldn’t budge, I could make a scene and find Sanae to give her the diuretic some other way. I could do that without raising suspicion.

However, Sanae’s problem was the least on my mind at that moment.

Actually, my mind turned towards our conversation yesterday.

Or rather, what I had found after our conversation yesterday.

“Actually, there was something I wanted to ask you about, but I wasn’t sure how to approach you,” I slipped into that angle immediately.

“Approach me?”

I reached into my pocket and produced the medical bracelet I had found yesterday.

I had wanted to wait until resolving the situation with Sanae before asking her about it, but it was something that had been bothering me all night. I could no longer put it off now that Sodachi was talking to me.

I placed it on the table silently, keeping it close in case Sodachi tried to snatch it from me.

Even if she had, I already knew the name on it.

“‘Oikura Sodachi’,” I replied, “That’s the name on this bracelet. It’s written with the kanji for old (老, oi) the kanji for cellar (倉, kura) and the kanji for growing up (育, sodachi). In other words, exactly the way your name is written. This bracelet was yours.”

Sodachi remained silent.

“Well, yesterday you were absent. But someone like you, who prides themselves in all their studies despite being obsessed with only mathematics, wouldn’t skip class for the pathetic reason that you were trying to avoid your classmate who told you some ridiculous story about curses and eels and vampire limbs. But if you were at the hospital during school, something bad must’ve happened, is that right?”

Sodachi continued to look at me with an expression I couldn’t read.

“So I’ll ask earnestly, as someone who doesn’t despise you. Are you okay?”

Sodachi let out a light sigh.

“You’re wrong,” She said simply.

“Huh?”

“You’re wrong. I’m petty enough to skip class for the sake of avoiding you. I didn’t want to see you on the day we were supposed to have tutoring. It just so happened that I was due for a check up, and I scheduled it during class so I had the excuse that I was at the hospital. In other words, I used my doctor’s visit as an excuse to avoid seeing you. That’s all. Don’t read too much into it.”

With that, Sodachi turned to the side and stood up.

“Huh, you’re leaving?”

Sodachi looked back at me, who had uttered that dumb-sounding question, and frowned.

“I only addressed you because I wanted to know why you were acting strange. If you were bothered by this the whole time, my answer to your question should be enough. In mathematics, a problem that’s already been solved doesn’t offer anything worth looking over.”

With that, Sodachi left the classroom completely.

I was now alone in the classroom.

I had received an unsatisfactory answer to a question I had posed, forgetting myself and my mission. But now that Sodachi was gone, my mind snapped back to the water bottle beneath Sanae’s desk.

In the end, it was disturbingly easy to drug her water.

By the time anyone had returned to the classroom, I had already mixed the diuretic in thoroughly and screwed the bottle cap back on. In fact, I was already sitting back down, so there wasn’t even the risk of looking suspicious hovering around the other side of the room.

Sanae even came back, but as usual she had returned with juice from the vending machine and would not start sipping at her water until lunch was over. I occasionally glanced over at her, but otherwise lunch was relatively normal. Sodachi had returned some time after Sanae, cutting it close to the end of lunch period.

I would’ve liked to question her more, but there was something about her body language that told me I wouldn’t get anything more out of her, and if I said the wrong thing she might wind up leaving again even if it meant skipping the next class.

Unfortunately, the next class wasn’t mathematics, so it wasn’t like I had the confidence that Sodachi wouldn’t leave for petty reasons.

So, even though it made me uneasy, I put that problem out of my mind and turned my attention towards the black-haired girl sitting across the room from me. She was my focus right now. My job as a specialist took priority, since a high school student wandering around with a Fortune Toad could wind up being really bad.

It didn’t take long for something to happen.

About five minutes into class, Sanae shifted forward slightly and reached for the water bottle at her feet.

Out of the corner of my eye, I watched her unscrew the cap. Slowly, she brought the bottle to her lips and took a small sip.

Suddenly, her eyes widened, and she let out an audible squeak that interrupted even the teacher’s lecture. However, instead of responding in embarrassment, Sanae simply eyed the water bottle in amazement.

“This water is really refreshing!”

The usually poised and composed vice class-representative exclaimed.

Without noticing the strange looks of those around her, Sanae downed the rest of the bottle in one go and let out an exaggerated sigh of content.

Only then did she seem to realize the commotion she had caused.

Everyone had their eyes on her.

Her face lit up like a stop light and she bowed in apology, “Please forgive me, I seem to have done something rather unbecoming of me.”

Like that, she slipped back in her proper attitude.

The teacher asked if she was okay, but Sanae simply waved the notion something was wrong off with her hand and smiled as the blush faded from her face.

I was trying not to look too nervous myself, even watching her embarrass herself like that.

Does everyone react that way to the diuretic no matter what it’s put in!?

Well, I think that question had already been answered.

Either way, it was only a matter of time now. After all, I had put in more diuretic than with my cousin last night, since Akane had told me she had been holding it in since before she drank my tea.

Sure enough, not too long after, I saw the telltale signs of Sanae’s reaction to the drug. It was subtle, like something you wouldn’t notice if you weren’t looking for it. It was something that could easily be explained away by restlessness or pent-up-energy or nervousness, but Sanae’s leg began to bounce slightly.

Well, being the class representative, it was natural for me to be paired up with the vice-class representative for various projects and other discussions, so I was a bit more conscious of her habits than most people. She wasn’t the kind of person who would restlessly shake her leg from pent up energy. If she was shaking her leg, it definitely meant she was feeling uncomfortable because her bladder was filling up.

Sanae’s expression had turned to one of recovering from embarrassment to one of slight concern. She wasn’t letting it show, but her desperation was probably building quite quickly. It was the period right after lunch, so it wasn’t like she could even give a good reason for needing to use the bathroom so soon. Either way, it was doubtful the teacher would grant her permission to leave the classroom.

Only a few minutes later, Sanae’s movements had become more frantic, knees and thighs pressing together as she wriggled around in her seat. She kept glancing up at the clock anxiously, and her forehead was wrinkled in discomfort. I watched her, waiting to see if the Fortune Toad would appear again. Even if I turned away, the first thing I’d do upon glancing back at her is making sure she still looked like she had to go to the bathroom. As long as she was still desperate, it meant that she had not redirected her misfortune.

As class went on, I watched the black-haired girl grow more and more restless, doing things like squeezing her eyes shut and rubbing her abdomen in distress. She wasn’t holding herself, but the hand she wasn’t using for taking notes was rubbing up and down her thigh as it shook. Beads of sweat were forming on her forehead, but whether they were out of worry or from the effort of holding it in I couldn’t tell.

Suddenly, Sanae’s eyes shot open and she jammed her hand between her legs, straightening her back and clenching her teeth in concern. She glanced around worryingly and I snapped my head back towards the front of the class. I felt her gaze pass over me and continue on to make sure no one had noticed her plight.

A few minutes later I felt confident enough to look back without being noticed, and Sanae looked much worse. Her hand was still firmly jammed between her legs and she was shaking in her seat, her eyes gazing unfocused at the board as she concentrated only on holding it all in. Her chest was rising and falling in uneven breaths as she struggled to fight the diuretic she had no idea was working against her.

I continued to watch Sanae carefully as she struggled with her desperation. I was waiting for any sign of the Fortune Toad appearing, but so far, Sanae had not given up using natural means-- which was, of course, holding it in-- to survive this ordeal.

Halfway through class, she was doubled over her desk, trembling in the effort it took her to hold it. By now, surely some others had noticed her desperation, but she didn’t seem to be concerned with upholding appearances anymore. Still, it wasn’t like she could ask to use the bathroom. She had already disrupted the class, and it was just after lunch. The teacher would definitely not let her leave. She glanced up at the clock and her eyes squeezed shut in despair, likely realizing she was not going to make it to the end of the class period like this. She then glanced to the side and our eyes nearly met before I looked away quickly. However, out of the corner of my gaze, I noticed that she was not looking at me. She was looking just behind me. That was the desk where Oikura Sodachi was sitting.

With shaky motions, Sanae straightened herself up, and she closed her eyes like she was concentrating. Not too long after, her whole body relaxed like she had peed herself right there, but there was no accompanying indication that anything like that had occurred.

Instead, for a brief second, the Fortune Toad made itself visible.

And in the next moment, a quiet squeak came from behind me.

I turned around, and Oikura Sodachi was looking down at herself with wide eyes. She then jammed a hand underneath her desk and squeezed one eye shut as she whimpered. She then glanced up at me and glared fiercely at me, like I had anything to do with her current predicament.

Well, technically I did, but it wasn’t like I had intended for her to get desperate or anything.

Either way, she was mad enough at me already, so I turned around and pretended to do my schoolwork.

Glancing back at Sanae, she was still wriggling around a bit, but something about it seemed forced and unnatural, like she had realized other people had noticed she had to pee, and was trying to act like she still did. It only confirmed my suspicions, she had redirected the misfortune of having to pee onto Sodachi.

With that confirmed, I was fully prepared to allow myself to relax.

But, there was another problem.

Namely, Sodachi behind me.

I wasn’t watching her, but I could hear her. Every soft moan, every sharp intake of breath. I could hear her skirt ruffling as she rubbed her thighs together desperately. I could hear her socks scratch against each other as she crossed and uncrossed her legs.

I tried to tune it out, but every time I heard something else, I practically saw Sodachi sitting there behind me, squirming around and legs twisted together in an effort to hold in her sudden, unexpected desperation.

We still had fifteen minutes left when Sodachi doubled over her desk, growing dangerously close to me as I sat in mine. I could feel her warm breaths as she panted, and each whimper only sounded that much more intense.

I gulped and leaned forward in an attempt to distance myself from Sodachi, but naturally, I couldn’t get very far. So, I continued to endure the noises that silver-haired girl was making behind me as she struggled to hold her pee.

Even though I was the one who had indirectly caused this situation, I felt like I had been caught in some kind of trap. Like somehow that exhibitionist woman I call my mentor had predicted his outcome, and encouraged it to corrupt me.

When there were still five minutes left in class, I felt a light tap on my shoulder from behind me.

I turned around, and Sodachi looked absolutely pitiful. She was practically half-sprawled on her desk, wriggling around in obvious desperation, with a hand firmly shoved between her legs. Tears pricked at the corners of her eyes, and I don’t think I had ever seen her make such a vulnerable expression, even when she had wet herself after we got locked in the classroom.

“You,” she replied, her tone still harsh despite her expression, “Ta-take responsibility… for this!”

“W-what?” I asked in a surprised, yet hushed tone.

“I know… you had something to do with me being like this now… so… take responsibility and fix it.”

“Even if I did have something to do with it, what do you want me to do?”

“.... Something… quickly….”

Sodachi slumped further down, squeezing both of her eyes shut as she trembled in her seat.

“Not… gonna make it…”

“Even if you say that, there really isn’t anything I can do about this.”

“I know this is your fault somehow, so hurry up and do somethi-!!”

Sodachi cut herself off as she jammed her other hand between her legs as well and shot upright. She was shaking furiously and her expression looked strained like she was on the verge of wetting herself.

“Sensei!” I called out, standing up and raising my hand. Suddenly, all eyes fell on me, and I quickly stood to hide Sodachi in her obvious predicament. I glanced over my shoulder at her, and Sodachi herself had regained just enough composure to hide her intense desperation.

“Sodachi isn’t feeling well. As the Class Representative, I’d like to escort her to the nurse, is that alright?”

“Well, there is only five minutes left of class, so I suppose it’s fine,” the teacher conceded.

I glanced behind me and Sodachi stood up shakily, trying to walk as straight as possible with her full bladder. I could feel everyone’s eyes on us as we left the classroom together. No doubt that would start more rumors, but I wasn’t concerned about that anymore.

The second we got out into the hallway, Sodachi jammed both of her hands between her legs again and began hobbling as quickly as she could to the bathroom. We only made it about halfway down the hall when she moaned and doubled over.

“I can’t hold it anymore! It’s gonna come out!”

She said that out loud shamelessly before bolting the rest of the way to the girl’s bathroom and rushing inside. I waited outside the bathroom patiently, and by the time Sodachi had emerged from the bathroom, the bell to signal the end of class had rung.

Sodachi stepped out looking much more relieved, but also a bit stiff, and stepped past me.

“Sodachi-san, wait up, I-”

“Do not think I’m going to act all grateful for you saving me from a humiliating situation. You were the one who got me into the mess to begin with.”

“That’s not true. Not entirely, anyway. I did intend for Sanae to become desperate to see what kind of Oddity she was possessed by, but I never intended you to get caught up in it!”

“But in the end, that’s what happened, and your actions were the catalyst. Is that an accurate assessment of the situation?”

I turned away.

“Well, yeah, you could say that, but-”

“Then in the end, all you did was fix a problem you caused in the first place. One plus negative one. That’s zero.”

Sodachi walked away from me, clenching her fists by her sides as she stomped off.

I let out a heavy sigh and closed my eyes. My relationship with Sodachi hadn’t improved at all but at least I had confirmed Sanae possessed a Fortune Toad.

I turned to head back to class, and noticed both Sanae and Yuuki walking towards me. Sanae had a hand jammed between her legs again, and I realized that the diuretic wouldn’t have just worn off after she foisted her desperation onto Sodachi.

As she passed me by, however, her eyes narrowed at me and she turned to me and smirked, whispering, “Nice save.”

She and Yuuki disappeared into the bathroom, and I felt a chill run down my spine. That girl with a Fortune Toad at her disposal was dangerous. There was no way I could let her just do what she wants with no consequences.

005

“So, essentially, after being desperate for half the class, this Senryuu Sanae basically transferred her desperation to Oikura Sodachi… is that what you’re telling me?”

Grimoire had asked that question immediately following my summary of the events during class, after I had drugged Sanae with the diuretic. As I talked, she was doing something that looked a lot like rolling cigarettes, but actually she was wrapping thin, sharpened wooden stakes in special charms for vampire-hunting.

“Yes,” I replied, “In other words, I’ve confirmed that Sanae is, in fact, possessed by a Fortune Toad.”

“Hmmm,” Grimoire frowned, holding up one of the weapons she had just created. At first I thought she was dissatisfied with the way it turned out, but then she followed up with, “But are you sure you’ve actually confirmed that?”

“What do you mean? You were the one who told me to test Sanae-san with the diuretic. Are you saying that test still isn’t enough?”

“No. But isn’t it true that you’re still jumping to conclusions, Takashiro-kun?”

I tilted my head to the side in confusion, and Grimoire sighed like I was a lost cause.

“What I mean to say, aren’t you jumping to the conclusion that what you saw was the redirection of misfortune?” Grimoire asked. She started on another stake, and continued on without waiting for a reply, “In the first place, do you even fully understand what redirection of misfortune is?”

“Wouldn’t that be taking something bad that’s happened to you and instead transferring it to someone else?”

Grimoire half-smirked, “Close. It’s taking something bad that is about to happen to you, and transferring that onto someone else. That distinction is crucial. If the bad thing has already happened, then any transfer of it to another person has to be the effect of something else.”

“But wouldn’t Sanae still fall into that category?” I asked, “I mean, she redirected her desperation to Sodachi before she wet herself. That’s still a redirection of misfortune, right?”

“Wetting yourself certainly seems like misfortune, but in reality it’s only the result of the misfortunate situation of being caught with a full bladder at the wrong time. In other words, the fact that Sanae was desperate at all means she didn’t automatically redirect any misfortune. That’s the sole ability of the Fortune Toad, so why wasn’t it working? The answer is because Sanae is not in possession of a Fortune Toad at all.”

My eyes widened.

Even if that were the case, it still looked like, both times, that Sanae had redirected misfortune.

Furthermore, a toad did appear on her shoulder both times misfortune was misdirected.

“You’re probably thinking something along the lines of, ‘that’s impossible. I saw the toad myself,’ or something like that. But let me ask you, do you think the Fortune Toad is the only entity shaped like a toad in the world of Oddities?”

“So, are you saying there’s an Oddity that both looks like a toad and has the similar ability of redirecting bad things from happening to somebody?”

“No, there’s nothing like that,” Grimoire replied, “If there were something that was that similar to a Fortune Toad, it would be a pain for us specialists to deal with. Actually, if there was an oddity that was different from a Fortune Toad, but had a very similar ability, over time it would pretty much become a Fortune Toad. However, there are other toad-like entities that might have control over other things, but could manipulate those other things to make it look like they were redirecting misfortune in these two situations.”

I tilted my head to the side, “There’s really an oddity like that? I mean, first of all, what’s the connection between these two incidents? I thought they were both Sanae redirecting misfortune, but if you’re telling me that’s not what happened, then they just seem like two random coincidences.”

Grimoire smiled, finishing another stake and standing up.

“If I told you all the answers, I wouldn’t be much of a teacher, now would I? It’s up to you to figure this one out. Though, I’d hurry if I were you. I’m sure Sanae-chan won’t sit still now that she knows you’re looking into her directly.”

That red-haired woman who wore her hoodie immodestly unzipped turned towards the staircase of the parking garage and started down it.

“Wait!” I called out, “Where are you going?”

“Huh? Where do you think I’m going? To do my job!”

With that, Grimoire continued down the staircase, grabbing some of the stakes she had just been working on and holding them between her fingers like she was ready to throw them at a moment’s notice. That lone vampire-exorcising specialist, who was possibly the only specialist currently in Japan, was going out to hunt tonight.

006

Even though Grimoire had told me to figure it out on my own, in the end, all I could do was wrack my brain until it became so late it was time for me to get ready for bed. I found myself soaking in the tub after showering, staring down at the reflection of the scar on my right arm where it had been severed and a vampire’s limb had been attached. Rising out of the water were my legs, which, halfway up the thighs, also bore similar scars.

In addition to those limbs, my eyes were also the red eyes of a vampire. They had been replaced later on, due to other circumstances that occurred after I had met Yuuki, but before I met Sodachi. I had been given them for the sole purpose of allowing me to use more of the latent vampiric powers locked away in my limbs.

Well, that was another story for another day.

“A connection…”

I muttered to myself, choosing to ignore the twisted body I now possessed.

I needed to find the connection between the incident with the coffee can and the incident with Sanae transferring her urge to pee over to Sodachi.

“There’s a connection, but what?”

What tied the scenario where Sanae miraculously avoided getting splashed by the coffee can to her transferring her desperation to Sodachi? If I assumed the toad-like oddity would exclusively be able to manipulate one thing, what one thing was being manipulated in both situations.

Unable to come up with an answer, I reached down and splashed myself with water from the bath. I had intended the action to help clear my mind, but instead my eyes widened as I realized just what that connection was.

“Water! Of course it’s water! Toads and frogs are amphibians, so there’s got to be a frog oddity that is associated with water! Sanae was manipulating the water in the situation, but she was throwing me off by making me think she had a Fortune Toad instead!”

Satisfied with my conclusion, I sprang up and grabbed my towel, drying myself off and rushing out of the bathroom. I passed Akane on the way out, and she looked over at me with a surprised expression.

“What’s with you, Haru-nii?”

“Ah, I managed to forget to pick something up at the bookstore! I want to get there before it closes!”

“What? But you just took a bath!”

“This is important!”

I didn’t have any books on oddities, and if Grimoire was busy dealing with a vampire, I would need to do the research on my own. In truth, it was probably a good idea to pick up some books on oddities anyway. So far, I’d been spoon-fed all the information I’ve needed from Grimoire, but if I was going to be a self-sufficient specialist, I’d need my own information sources.

I was dressed and rushing out the door in no time flat.

Above me, the sky was overcast, like it was ready to rain, but grabbing an umbrella would only slow me down. If anything, I could run really fast and minimize the time I was caught out in the storm.

Since it was nighttime, I could charge forward at full power without worrying about using my vampire abilities. I rushed past dead intersections and sprinted down empty sidewalks. It felt like I was the only one out tonight. Not that I had a license yet or anything, but even if I could drive I feel like it would’ve taken me longer to reach the bookstore.

However, just as I reached the final stretch, I caught a familiar figure out of the corner of my eye.

A girl still wearing our school’s uniform, with long black hair and brown eyes.

Senryuu Sanae.

She was standing in the road, seemingly unbothered by the fact that it was about to rain. But more importantly, she was staring directly at me, with a smirk playing across her lips.

“My my, Takashiro-san,” she replied in that ever teasing tone, “You’re in a hurry.”

But then, suddenly, she added something new. Something very un-Sanae-like, for lack of a better term.

“Did something good happen?”

I don’t know if it was because something about that seemed off, but my body recoiled at those words and I slowed down. I didn’t stop moving, but it felt like the world around me came to a halt as we made eye contact.

Then, the frog-like oddity on Sanae’s shoulder flickered, and something unusual happened.

My right shoulder burst into flames.

“GGGahhhhhh!” I cried, grasping my shoulder with my other hand. The fire receded quickly, but the burning sensation persisted. I looked down at the injury and noticed that it looked like someone had cut through my shoulder with a blade.

However, Sanae had nothing like that with her.

Moreover, despite it looking like a normal injury, my vampiric arm wasn’t healing as quickly as normal.

“Surprised?” Sanae asked, grinning, “Sorry, but I won’t tell you my secrets~ After all, I’m going to exterminate you now~”

“Exterminate?” I asked incredulously, “What are you doing, exactly? I’m a specialist, too, and at the very most I wouldn’t even qualify as a half-vampire. I’m off-limits.”

“Hmm? Off limits by that account, maybe,” Sanae nodded, “But you’re doing something rather unsightly. You’re a human who’s going around using vampire abilities to deal with oddities. Actually, you’ve very specifically added vampire components to your body to increase the amount of vampire abilities you can use. That would be enough for me to want to exterminate you."

“You say that like you have other reasons to exterminate me.”

“Ahahaha, Indeed I do~!” Sanae smiled, “But those aren’t things you need to worry about. Your life is about to end right here. I’m sure you’ve already figured it out, but I’m currently in command of a powerful oddity.”

“That toad on your shoulder!?” I asked, “You tried to make me think it was a Fortune Toad, but I know it’s something different!”

“Oh? So you figured that much out?” Sanae asked, “Well, even so, you can’t win this late in the game without knowing exactly what it is. Actually, even if you did know, you probably still couldn’t win. With my next move, I’ll tear off your left leg.”

Even though she said that, I was on edge. Either she had so much confidence that she was fine telling me exactly where her next attack would be aimed at, or she was trying to distract me. Either way, I tensed all my muscles and prepared to react to her movements. Without so much as waving a hand, however, the frog on her shoulder flickered into view again, and I lunged backwards. A sharp, burning pain erupted across my left leg right at the knee, and I nearly collapsed.

“Oho~ You managed to keep your leg! Still, you can’t move around very far like that!”

Even though my leg was in pain, I still launched off of it and started running. I didn’t want to fight Sanae if I could help it, but I wasn’t going to let myself be killed for some unknown reason.

In the first place, there was still a lot I didn’t know about Senryuu Sanae.

Why was she trying to kill me?

Was she actually a vampire-exorcising specialist?

And, most importantly, why did she wait until now to attack me?

I reached into my pocket and pulled out my cell phone. Even if she was busy, calling Grimoire in this situation would be best.

However, as I raised it to my ear, a sharp pain shot through my right arm again and I dropped the phone on the ground. Even though I was running, Sanae was keeping pace with me rather well, likely due to my injured leg.

“I won’t let you call for backup!”

I turned around, trying to see where she was attacking from. However, once again, I couldn’t see any sort of physical weapon.

But wait, wasn’t that wrong in the first place? I knew she was attacking with the help of the frog-like oddity on her shoulder. If I was right, and that thing was manipulating water, then her attack must be water-based, rather than a physical weapon.

Actually, considering that it was a water-based attack, and considering it was preventing my injuries from healing despite my vampiric limbs, she had to be attacking with holy water, specifically.

That wasn’t something you could condense out of the air even if there was moisture. In fact, even if it started raining, she wouldn’t be able to just make more of it on the spot.

So she had to have some sort of supply.

Knowing that, I just had to find it.

Whirling around, I felt blood spurt out of my leg injury as I put weight on it. However, I worked through the pain and lunged back at Sanae directly.

Sanae seemed caught off by my sudden offensive, and leapt backwards. She fired another attack off at me, but once again, I couldn’t see where it was coming from. The attack struck my right leg near the shin, and I tripped and stumbled across the ground as the holy water burned my vampiric limb.

However, in the moment I fell, Sanae had perhaps let her guard down. I was at a lower vantage point, and the oncoming storm was whipping up a lot of night winds, so her skirt was fluttering up ever-so-slightly. It wasn’t to the point where I could see her panties, but there, strapped to her thigh, was a water bottle likely containing the holy water I was looking for.

Now that I knew where it was, if I could somehow get a hold of that bottle and drain the holy water from it in a way where Sanae couldn’t use it, I could disable her main weapon.

On the flip side, her attacks were too fast for me to respond to them, and I was already injured.

In other words, this was a one-sided battle of endurance where I needed to complete a specific goal in order to win.

Still, bemoaning that fact wouldn’t get me anywhere. I had to keep charging forward no matter what.

I pushed myself off the sidewalk and once again lunged at her, using all my strength and reaching out with my right hand. Sanae stepped backwards and a large cut ran across my right arm, bursting into flames as the holy water burned me. I winced, but continued onwards, reaching for that precarious position under Sanae’s skirt. Once she realized what I was going after, she twisted her body to protect the bottle and grabbed my right hand with her own. With a particularly powerful strike, I watched as a spear of razor-sharp holy water emerged from the bottle and severed my right hand.

The stump of my arm burst into flames, and the hand Sanae was grabbing onto burned away into dust. I clutched my newest injury in my left hand as Sanae looked down at me and waggled her fingers.

“You shouldn’t be trying to stick your hands up girl’s skirts, you know!”

However, just as that had happened, the straps Sanae had used to strap the water bottle to her thigh ripped off and the bottle fell to the ground.

Before she could even realize what had happened, I grabbed the water bottle with my bloodied left hand and poured its contents down a nearby storm drain before casually tossing the water bottle over my shoulder.

Sanae looked like a poker player who was confident they’d win with a straight flush, only to find out that their opponent had a royal flush in their hand the whole time.

“W-w-w-w-w-what? What did you do!?”

“I wasn’t just reaching for the water bottle,” I replied, “that would’ve been my ideal situation, but I was sure you wouldn’t let that happen. So I turned my fingers into claws and cut at the straps you were using to hold the water bottle instead. Well, you didn’t notice because you cut off my hand and it burned away before you could notice my fingers.”

Just then, the first drops of rain fell to the ground, striking Sanae in the forehead as she looked at me blankly.

As if the cloud was a crumbling dam, the second that first drop fell, the rain quickly picked up into a straight-up downpour.

As Sanae stood there, frozen, something else happened.

She suddenly squeaked and grabbed at her skirt, as something else fell down from it.

That something else was a pair of pink lace panties.

They were very risque panties, that only had enough fabric to cover the bare minimum of what would be considered decent in both the front and the back. Tied straps connected the two pieces like a swimsuit.

Well, they used to connect them, but it seemed that one of the straps had been cut.

Those panties fell to the ground and immediately became soaked with the rain.

Sanae was making a face that seemed like she was at her limit.

I was trying to project the air of someone who had nothing to do with the situation that just unfolded. As though Sanae’s panties falling down had nothing to do with me, and was merely an unfortunate accident that neither of us had control over.

“You... I want to die. I’m going to kill you, and then I’ll die!”

Sanae said that extreme thing, and at first I just thought it was an eruption of the utter embarrassment she was feeling.

But then, the rain around me moved.

Sanae’s frog-like oddity appeared, fully visible this time, as the rain twisted into watery tendrils. They wrapped around me, binding me in place, and Sanae formed a water spear that seemed to be spinning like a drill.

Even if it wasn’t holy water, something like that striking me would hurt.

Actually, something like that striking anywhere but my vampire parts would probably kill me outright.

There was only one thing I could do at this point, and that was use my vampiric abilities that I could not draw out just from having vampire limbs. I was going to tap into a vampire’s ability to manipulate the world around them without interacting with it physically.

In other words, I was going to have to use magic.

I could do this by asserting my dominance over my vampire limbs using the eyes I obtained in the last incident I had to deal with. I prepared to call out the name of the vampire who owned these limbs and these eyes in order to use that magic.

“Die!”

Sanae yelled, motioning forwards. As the drill approached me, I opened my mouth.

But then--

In an instant, the drill and tendrils had entirely disappeared.

It wasn’t like Sanae had decided her actions were foolish and simply dispelled her own attack due to some hesitation. It wasn’t born of something touching like she had seen me as a classmate rather than a monster in the last instant and decided she couldn’t go through with it.

Nor was it that I had stopped the attack with my abilities. In the first place, I hadn’t even had the chance to speak.

No, someone new had appeared, and it seemed that, just by him appearing, the attack disappeared. That person was a scruffy looking man in his mid-to-late 30s, wearing shorts, sandals, and a hawaiian print t-shirt.

“Phew, looks like I made it on time.”

He sighed around an unlit cigarette he held in his mouth. At first, I had thought it was simply unlit because it had been extinguished by the rain, but on closer inspection, the cigarette didn’t look like it had ever been lit in the first place.

“You!?” Sanae asked indignantly, as though she had seen the strange man before.

“Who are you?” I asked the man, standing over me with his arm outstretched. There seemed to be some kind of item in his hand, but I couldn’t quite see it from my position. I imagine whatever it was, it was what had dispelled Sanae’s attack.

“My name is Oshino Meme, it’s nice to meet you.” that man replied casually, as though he were merely introducing himself to someone he met at the convenience store, “I’m going to start negotiating with this dangerous specialist-in-training for your life now, so let’s take this somewhere else.”

To Be Continued... (Not in 3 years this time, I promise!)

