Omomonogatari

Author: Railgun-sama

*003*2017-05-20 05:50

Here we go. The second arc. If you couldn't already tell from the first one, these are going to be story focused almost as much as desperation focused, but unfortunately this one's more the former than the latter. I'm trying to write a story where the desperation doesn't feel forced, like it's just squeezed in there for the sake of it, but unfortunately that means I'm often left wondering where I'm going to put the desperation in. In Sodachi's arc, I picked a scenario where desperation was almost inevitable, but I wasn't so lucky this time. Still, I managed to squeeze some in and make it plot relevant, and the second half of Yuuki Eel (which I've started on) will definitely have a bigger focus on desperation.

So, without further ado, I present the second arc of Omomonogatari!

###

Yuuki Eel -- Remora Half

001

For the second time in as many weeks, I found myself standing at the door of Oikura Sodachi’s apartment.

Well, I make it sound like I had come here on my own, but in truth, Sodachi had dragged me here as soon as class ended. We had walked here together, and the only reason I was waiting out here now, rather than inside the apartment with Sodachi, was because she said she wanted to change out of her uniform.

I let out a sigh and looked up at the blue sky, tugging on the collar of my own school uniform.

How inconsiderate of her, seeing as I had no choice but to be stuck in mine.

Well, I think it would be even weirder if she had been considerate of that, so I guess this means everything’s fine.

“Alright,” Sodachi replied as she opened the door, “You can come in now.”

I looked back down and turned towards the doorway, and my eyes widened.

“Hey, you said I could come in, but really, what are you trying to pull here?” I asked dryly.

“Huh?” Sodachi asked, tilting her head to the side innocently.

“I mean, why do you look like you’re ready to go to bed?”

Sodachi Oikura was standing in the doorway, wearing a loose-fitting, yellow, spaghetti strap nightgown and matching boyshorts with white trim and pink ribbons. No matter how you looked at it, a boy going into a girl’s apartment alone when she was wearing something like that had very obvious implications.

“I can’t afford the luxury of a diverse wardrobe, so this is the most comfortable set of clothes I own,” Sodachi explained, “Besides, if I’m a central character here, shouldn’t I appear in my most iconic outfit?”

“You have a lot of audacity, breaking the fourth wall after only a single arc.”

I shook my head.

“No no, wait… first I have to address the ridiculous notion that you want to wear that through our entire tutoring session.”

“I told you, it’s not that I want to specifically wear this outfit or anything, it’s just the most comfortable thing I own.”

“What’s wrong with just staying in your school uniform?”

“Well, now I’d have to waste more time changing back into it, so I’d rather not.”

“I’m asking why you changed out if it in the first place!?”

“A whim, I guess.”

“Once again, what exactly are you trying to pull here!?”

Sodachi grabbed my arm forcefully and dragged me inside her apartment, “We’re wasting time arguing about this. If you don’t like what I’m wearing, I’ll just strip down. You can’t complain about my clothes if I don’t have any, right?”

“Have a little bit of modesty, will you!?”

“Modesty, what’s that taste like?”

“You’re really clueless when it comes to things that aren’t mathematics, aren’t you?”

“No, that’s that ahoge-sporting protagonist of the main story. I’m better at academics in general.”

I let out a sigh and let it go, taking my shoes off and stepping further into the apartment.

Sodachi stepped past me and sat down at a small table in the center of the room. She had apparently prepared it ahead of time, as there were a few math textbooks and various writing implements placed upon it.

I sat down across from her, and the lesson began.

002

“So, since the derivative here is negative, that means the graph of the equation is decreasing on the interval from 0 to 1, got it?”

“Yeah, and that means that where the derivative is positive, the graph’s increasing?”

“Precisely. I’d say you catch on fast, but this is all stuff we went over in class two days ago.”

Even if Sodachi said that, I had absolutely no memory of going over this in class.

Still, arguing with Sodachi, who was practically in love with math and absolutely wouldn’t make a mistake about what we went over in math class, was pointless.

“Well, at least you’re not slow. I only had to explain it to you once,” Sodachi finished, “I’m surprised.”

“This is the third time we’ve had these lessons, act a little less impressed at my mental capacity.”

“Fine. You’re a complete moron.”

“That’s the other extreme!”

“Stop fooling around, we’re wasting-”

Sodachi’s sentence was cut off by the sound of my cell phone buzzing in my pocket.

I shot her an apologetic look and took out my phone, reading the name that showed up on the caller id.

Mashino Yuuki

Ordinarily, I would try to at least be cordial and notify the person I had been talking to the importance of the call. At the very least, I might’ve explained that, as someone close to Yuuki, anything she would be calling about could be important.

However, this was Sodachi we were dealing with here, so I didn’t exactly mind simply answering without preface.

“Hello?”

“Haru-san, are you busy right now?”

“A little,” I answered honestly, “I’m at Sodachi-san’s for our weekly math tutoring session. Why?”

“Oh, it’s not that big of a deal. I just… I heard a rumor about something strange going on in town today, so I figure I’d bring it up to a specialist first.”

A specialist.

Yes, that’s right.

Well, I suppose it’s only half-right.

I’m a specialist-in-training, rather than a full-fledged specialist, but I’ve been making progress in learning about oddities, so it’s true I’m something of an expert on the subject. Or, perhaps more accurately, I was to oddities as Sodachi was to mathematics. A peer tutor who could answer the stuff I’ve already been taught, but someone who still needed their own teacher.

Speaking of, my teacher was a vampire-exterminating specialist named Grimoire Cutlass.

How I became her student is a story for another day.

Right now, the important part was that Yuuki was seeking out my assistance as a specialist.

“I’m listening,” I replied.

“Well, if you’re busy with Sodachi-san, I don’t want to be a nuisance. At the very least, the rumor wasn’t anything too serious like a vampire showing up or anything, so it should be okay to wait until you get home.”

“Are you sure?”

“Yeah, I wouldn’t want to be rude to Sodachi-san.”

That’s what she said, but….

Please, Yuuki-chan, save me from the endless math!

Yuuki told me to call her back when I was free and hung up without another word.

The second she did, Sodachi grabbed the cell phone out of my hand and flipped it closed with a rough clack.

“Carelessly announcing that I’m giving you math lessons… You do realize the rumors from the other week haven’t died down yet, right?”

Sodachi looked at me with an intense gaze, and I felt like my relaxed expression was probably a little insulting to her.

“Calm down,” I replied, holding a hand up defensively, “It was just Yuuki-chan. She knows basically all the details about the other day, so she’s not going to be spreading any rumors.”

Sodachi tilted her head to the side, leaning back onto her arms and letting one of the straps on her nightgown slip off her shoulder. It was a rather dangerous position she had put herself in, so I averted my gaze.

“Who is Mashino-san to you?”

That question caught my attention, and I turned back towards Sodachi almost immediately.

“I mean, you two seem rather close. What is your relationship with her?”

What indeed.

That was quite a complicated subject.

That sounds like the stereotypical thing to say when you’re talking about people who don’t know if they’re together or not, but it’s really not like that at all. Romantically, between me and Yuuki, there’s nothing there.

But as two people…

“Yuuki is someone I’d give up my left arm to protect if I had to,” I answered.

Coyly.

Unclearly.

There was no way Sodachi knew what I meant by that.

“I guess, the relationship between us is that of someone who made a promise to fix everything, only to fail. In that sense, I guess you could say my caring for Yuuki is out of atonement.”

“I feel like there’s a story there,” Sodachi replied, “I want to hear it.”

“W-well, it’s Yuuki-chan’s story,” I answered uneasily, “So, I’m not sure about just telling it outright like th- hey, what are you doing with my phone!?”

Sodachi sat up instantly and flipped my phone open, clicking through it briefly before hitting a button and holding it up to her ear.

“Hello, Mashino-san? Yes…. Yes, I took his phone… Yes, well, I had a question…. Would it be alright if Takashiro-san told me the story of how you two met? …........ Well, I don’t know about that, but, I imagine it’s that one… alright… okay… I’ll tell him. Yes, I’ll see you tomorrow…. Later.”

Sodachi flipped the phone closed again and held it out for me.

“I have Mashino-san’s permission. You can tell me.”

I grabbed the phone hesitantly and nodded, “Y-yeah, alright.”

Although I said that, I wasn’t sure if it was really alright. My interactions with Yuuki have revolved around the supernatural from the very beginning. Oddities. Curses. Specialists. Those aren’t things someone who has had no exposure to the supernatural would readily accept without question.

Still, Sodachi wanted to know, and I had a feeling dodging my way out of this would only make her more curious.

“Well, I should start off by saying that this story is probably going to sound crazy and unbelievable to you. Actually, I’d be more worried if you found it easy to believe. Still, it’s all true.”

“I won’t promise I’ll believe you, but I’ll at least listen,” Sodachi nodded.

“Alright. It all began on the last day of school before Golden Week. The story of how I met Mashino Yuuki and failed to save her.”

003

The date was April 28th.

Tomorrow would be April 29th. Showa Day. The first day of Golden Week.

For many, that was reason enough to celebrate, but for me, it left me with a heavy heart.

The reason for that was simple-- while many others were looking forward to time off to relax from their studies and goof off, my Golden Week was not going to be relaxing. In reality, it had already been claimed by someone.

In other words, I had difficult obligations to fulfill, so I wasn’t exactly thrilled about that day coming.

Still, April 28th was my last day of freedom before then, so I suppose I was a little more relaxed than I should’ve been.

It started during physical education.

A girl with short brown hair and emerald green eyes, wearing our school’s female gym uniform that’s shameless enough to still have bloomers rather than gym shorts.

A girl with a petite yet still well-endowed figure.

The girl I knew back then only as our class representative.

Mashino Yuuki.

Just after I finished running, as I glanced over at the girl’s group.

Mashino Yuuki collapsed.

It was only spring, but it was particularly hot that day, so ordinarily, one would assume it was the result of heat exhaustion. At least, that would’ve been a reasonable assumption for anyone but Mashino Yuuki. She was the class representative and a model student in all fields, including personal health. She made sure to stay hydrated and she was physically fit, so something like this was really out of the blue.

It was possible it was a physical problem, but I had instantly considered an entirely different possibility altogether.

It was entirely me just jumping to conclusions, but the thought that ran through my mind was this.

Maybe Mashino Yuuki collapsed because of something supernatural. Maybe Mashino Yuuki had encountered an oddity.

Oddities.

Supernatural phenomenon, that exist only to be observed by humans.

Gods, Vampires, Ghosts…

Anything one would typically consider monsters would fall under the category of “Oddities”.

It might seem a little hard to believe for someone who’s never encountered anything supernatural, but all of these things exist.

I talk about the supernatural like I’ve known about it for my whole life, but at this point, it was only a month ago during spring break that I first encountered the world of the supernatural. That was the incident that set me down the path to become someone who specializes in the supernatural.

I suppose I should mention that, briefly.

Among humans, there are those who make it their job to deal with Oddities.

Some exorcise them. Some act as mediators or negotiators. Some manipulate the supernatural for the sake of their clients. Regardless of their methods, these people have a large amount of expertise when regarding the supernatural.

I should say, even now, the things I know about oddities and the supernatural is limited. I’d say I know more than the average person, but I’m nowhere near the level of being able to call myself a full-fledged specialist.

Back then, when Mashino Yuuki collapsed, I knew even less.

That’s why I have to say that assuming Yuuki collapsed because of an Oddity was a leap of logic at the time.

Regardless.

With that possibility in my mind, I rushed over to where Yuuki collapsed.

Obviously, since she had been on the other end of the field, surrounded by our other female classmates, she had already been helped into a sitting position, and was surrounded by people asking if she was okay. Actually, by the time I got there, the conversation had already progressed to deciding to take her to the nurse.

“I’ll do it!” I called out as I ran up to the girl’s group.

The female coach looked at me with some level of confusion.

“Takashiro-kun, what are you doing over here?”

“I saw Mashino-san collapse, so I wanted to see if I could help. I’ve finished my run, so it wouldn’t be a problem for me to take her to the nurse.”

“Well, that’s fine I suppose,” the coach agreed, “Mashino-san, can you walk?”

“I don’t think so,” Yuuki whimpered, looking down at her legs with trembling eyes, “I feel so weak all of a sudden…”

“Alright, Takashiro,” the coach turned to me, “You’ll have to carry her. No complaining, since you volunteered.”

And so, I found myself carrying our class representative on my back.

As I walked down the hallway towards the nurse’s office, Yuuki broke the silence and said, “I’m sorry… for causing you so much trouble.”

She was breathing heavily, and her voice was barely above a whisper. Yet she had apologized to me for making her carry her, even though I had volunteered. She was a class representative who would shoulder so many different responsibilities at once, yet the second someone else stepped in to help her out, she’d feel bad for troubling them.

I realized then that that was the kind of person Mashino Yuuki was.

“Don’t worry about it,” I replied, “Carrying you is really no big deal.”

That wasn’t something I just said to be nice.

Truthfully, carrying Yuuki didn’t in the least bit trouble me.

I might not look like it underneath a uniform, but I’m actually pretty muscular. I also have a lot of stamina, so even though I had just finished running, I wasn’t even out of breath. Not to mention that Yuuki, being nearly a foot shorter than me and having a small figure in general honestly didn’t weigh enough to inconvenience someone carrying them.

Putting that aside…

“Besides, you’re the class rep. You’ve worked really hard to maintain a relatively peaceful environment. As someone who’s benefited from your efforts, this is the least I can do.”

“Have I really done all that much, though? I mean, it’s still just the beginning of the year.”

“No, see, that’s what’s most impressive,” I answered, “It’s just the beginning of the year, but everyone’s already talking about how much work you’ve done as the class rep. You really shouldn’t sell yourself short.”

I paused. I was getting caught up in the conversation, but there was a reason I was here in the first place. I needed to find out if the ailment that caused Mashino Yuuki to collapse.

“Well, regardless, I was surprised when you collapsed abruptly like that. What exactly happened that made you collapse like that?”

Yuuki shook her head, “I don’t know. I just… my legs gave out on me all of a sudden. It’s like they just lost all their strength.”

“They lost their strength, huh?”

That did sound unusual.

Well, I say that, but there was no way of me determining whether it was a mundane kind of unusual or the kind of unusual that was caused by something supernatural. Moreover, from the way Yuuki had spoke, it didn’t sound like she knew much about what happened to her either. I guess I was hoping for something simple, like Yuuki seeing a ghost or an apparition or something right before it happened that she would’ve dismissed as her imagination, but it didn’t seem like there was anything like that.

In other words, as a novice specialist, my expertise had run out.

I let out a sigh and continued walking with Yuuki on my back.

That was, until Yuuki spoke up again.

“H-hey, Takashiro-san, you’re walking past the nurse’s office!”

I looked up and immediately realized she was right. To my left was the door to the nurse’s office, and beyond that were the faculty rooms and an exit to the side of the school.

“Geez,” Yuuki chided, “You’re really absentminded, aren’t you, Takashiro-san?”

“W-well, I’m not normally, I guess,” I tried to save face.

“Oho? Then is it that you’re distracted because you’re carrying a girl on your back?”

That was a comment I couldn’t let slide.

“Hey, Class Rep. You might not know me that well personally, but I’m not that kind of character.”

“Good. If you were, I’d have to teach you a lesson about leching after your classmates.”

Ignoring the fact that Yuuki couldn’t even walk by herself right now...

“Relationships between high school students aren’t taboo, you know? And don’t make it plural like I’m some kind of harem protagonist! Even if I was distracted by your well-endowed chest pressing against my back while carrying you or something, it’s still only one incident with one person, right?”

I had said all that in a breath. But suddenly I felt as though I had let something rather important slip out by accident.

“That’s… Takashiro-san, you…”

It seemed that, by saying something so carelessly, I had further broken Yuuki.

What a first impression I had made of myself.

Without waiting for Yuuki to recompose herself to come up with some response, I entered the nurse’s office at once.

004

“She lost her strength?”

“Yeah,” I replied into my cell phone, which I was currently holding up to my ear, “She said her legs gave out underneath her like she lost all of her strength in them.”

“Hmmm….” the voice-- a mature, feminine voice that had some very distinct roughness to it spoke, “It started with her legs, then… but her whole body felt weak in general?”

“That’s what it seems like, yeah,” I replied, “She’s still being looked at by the nurse, so it could be nothing, but when I first saw it happen, my first impression was that it was an oddity. Maybe that’s a little naive to say.”

“Not at all, Takashiro-kun. As a specialist, your instinct is something you should rely on more. Actually, even from the limited information you told me, I do think it’s likely that this Mashiro-san has encountered some sort of oddity.”

“Wait, really!? So I was right?”

“Hmm, I wouldn’t say right, since you were completely clueless before calling me, but I’d say that your instincts were on point here. Well, I say that, but I don’t think I can know for sure unless I perform a direct examination. Do you think you’ll be able to bring Yuuki-chan to me?”

“Well,” I began, “She’s currently being looked over by the nurse. I’d imagine if they can’t figure out what’s wrong with her, they’ll likely send her home. If they feel it’s severe enough, they might send her to the hospital, though.”

“Hmm, if they do that, she’ll be there for a while. It’ll be trouble if that happens, so try to get her to me as soon as possible. Even if you have to kidnap her.”

“Don’t say such extreme things! I can’t do that no matter how you look at it!”

“Well, just try to get her to me as soon as possible. I hope I’m wrong, but if she’s encountered that oddity, then she’s already on borrowed time.”

“Hey, don’t joke about stuff like that. The way you say that, it makes it sound like Mashino-san’s going to die.”

“That’s a possibility. At least in the worst-case scenario. That’s why it’s important that you get her to me as quickly as possible. As a vampire-hunting specialist, I don’t particularly care about saving humans from other oddities, especially a high schooler who I can’t charge a hefty service fee to, but I can tell you’re someone who can’t stand the idea of someone dying. If she dies under your watch, you’ll become weak. I won’t lose the infinite potential of my protege to something so stupid.”

“Understood, I’ll come up with a way to get her to you by tonight. That’s enough time, right?”

“Sooner would be better, but even in the worst case scenario, I don’t think waiting until tonight will be a problem.”

With that, the woman on the other end of the phone hung up.

It was probably for the best. I was left without a single word in my mind to respond with.

Oddities were intense.

I had expected my experiences over spring break, where I was violently thrust into that world headfirst, were just a fluke. Like outliers that represented the most extreme experiences a human could expect to have. But hearing that a simple oddity that my classmate might have encountered by pure chance could wind up killing her…

I was in the middle of pondering all of this when the door to the nurse’s office opened.

I immediately jumped to attention and turned to the side, and I was surprised to see Yuuki, back on her feet-- albeit a bit shakily.

“H-hey, Takashiro-san… were you waiting for me?”

“Ah, yeah, something like that,” I replied, scratching the back of my head.

“Well, you don’t have to worry about me,” Yuuki smiled, “The nurse looked me over… looks like it was just a case of heat exhaustion after all. I don’t know how it happened, I was being careful and staying hydrated… but I guess I just got careless and pushed myself too hard.”

Heat exhaustion.

That didn’t seem like something that would affect only the legs.

Even still, Yuuki did say she was weak all over.

Maybe she just noticed her legs more because she had been running?

Either way, if that was the case, did that mean I didn’t need to bring her to my mentor?

I thought that with some relief, but…

In the end, wouldn’t it be safer just to double-check?

But if that was the case, how was I going to convince Yuuki to come with me, especially after she had been cleared by the nurse?

“Hey, Mashino-san,” I began, trailing off to try to come up with something to say.

“Hmm? What is it?” Yuuki asked.

She looked at me innocently, tilting her head in confusion.

Someone like this…

Someone like this couldn’t be close to dying, right?

No, more importantly, I couldn’t let someone like this die.

With that thought affirmed in my mind, I picked up Yuuki once more. It wasn’t piggyback this time, however. In the first place, it was impossible to give someone a piggyback ride without their consent.

No, I was instead carrying her bridal style.

I expected her to fight back, or yell, but instead, she let out a squeak that was way too cute for someone in her position and looked up at me.

“W-w-w-what do you think you’re doing, Takashiro-san!?”

“I’m saving your life,” I said, bluntly.

Well, it wasn’t that I knew that’s what I was doing yet.

In fact, I was hoping that she wouldn’t need saving.

But explaining everything would take too long, and there was still a chance she wouldn’t believe me in the first place.

“Trust me,” I asked Yuuki selfishly.

Like she’d have any reason to trust me.

Prior to her collapsing, our interactions were only that of distant classmates who knew each other by name only. We had talked maybe once or twice, but it was nothing substantial. Furthermore, I had made a careless comment about her chest while carrying her earlier, so she had even less of a reason to trust me in specific.

That’s what I had thought, anyway.

But Yuuki looked up to meet my eyes and nodded.

“I trust you.”

005

I was running.

With the brown-haired, green-eyed high school girl named Mashino Yuuki in my arms, I was running down the sidewalk at an alarming pace. That wasn’t an exaggeration. Yuuki seemed quite alarmed at how fast I was booking down the streets.

No matter how you looked at it, it was a pace you’d consider beyond the limit of human capabilities.

Well, there might have been some olympic runners that could come close in short sprints, but running across half the town at that rate would be impossible for a human to maintain.

The reason why I was able to maintain it was because of the secrets hidden under the pants-legs of my gym uniform. I say hidden, because even though it was the middle of spring, rather than wearing the short summer gym uniform, I was wearing the long sweatpants of our winter gym uniform.

The reason for that was also the secrets hidden under my gym uniform’s pant legs.

Well, when I put it like that, the only thing that you’d assume was hidden under pant legs would be legs themselves.

Indeed, all I had under the uniform pants were my own legs.

Well, I say they’re my legs, but in truth, they’re legs that, only recently fell under my ownership.

In other words, they were legs that did not originally belong to me.

And they were stronger than any human legs.

That’s right…

Both of my legs, from halfway down the thighs to my feet, were grafted the legs of a superhuman vampire.

Of course, even though my legs were that of a vampire, my lungs and heart were still human.

So, pushing myself to these limits still left me unable to explain any of this to Yuuki while I ran.

Instead, she must’ve thought she was being kidnapped by some monster.

Well, I guess that was exactly what was happening from a certain point of view.

Before long, we reached our destination-- an abandoned parking garage.

As I slowed down to a casual walking speed, Yuuki let out a sigh of relief.

“That was way too fast… it was like I was in riding a motorcycle.”

“Sorry,” I replied, gasping, “I wanted… to get you here… as fast as possible…”

“No, I mean, how did you even run that fast in the first place, Takashiro-san?”

I turned to reply, but it seemed like Yuuki had noticed something on my right arm, near where her head was. She turned her head, raising an arm and grabbed the sleeve of my gym uniform. She raised it up, revealing a red and white talisman with an intricate design plastered to my arm with medical tape.

“W-what’s this weird thing?” Yuuki asked, “It looks like something you’d buy at a shrine for New Years…”

“Ah, that,” I replied, “That’s just a-”

I froze as I watched Yuuki toying with the edge of the talisman, like she were going to peel it off.

“Please don’t touch that!”

“Why?” Yuuki asked, “Don’t tell me, Takashiro-san! You’re hiding a tattoo under there, even though you know tattoos are against school policy!”

“Why would I use such an intricate charm to hide a tattoo? Couldn’t I just wrap the area with gauze in that case?”

“Hmm… that logic also eliminates the idea that it’s an embarrassing scar or a fresh wound you don’t want others seeing…”

“Yeah, it’s none of those things,” I admitted.

“Then it should be fine if I take it off!”

“If you don’t want me to drop you, don’t take that off, please.”

“Now you’re just making me curious!”

I walked into the parking garage and made my way over to the staircase. I quickly carried Yuuki up to the fourth floor, the usual meeting spot for me and that woman.

That woman.

The second I emerged from the stairwell, I saw her.

A beautiful, yet still somewhat tomboyish woman.

Wearing a hoodie that was left unzipped past her breasts, which were not restrained by a bra, giving a full shot of her cleavage, and a skirt that barely extended below the end of the hoodie. With blood-red hair and matching red eyes.

She could almost pass off as a relatively normal, if not a little bit like an exhibisionist, if that were the extent of her outfit. However, she wore ridiculous black boots with countless buckles and crosses hanging from them, and the hoodie’s arms were torn clean off intentionally, revealing arms which were wrapped with tattoo sleeves. Well, I call them tattoos, but they looked more like alchemy runes for deconstructing and reconstructing matter.

She had the red eyes, she was just missing the scar.

I guess she’d also need white hair, too.

In addition, around her neck, on a necklace, dangled a glowing red eyeball pendant. The eye was narrow and elongated, like a serpents, and the orange-red color flickered like it was constantly burning. It was, easily, the most iconic and unsettling part of her design.

It would’ve also been the most noticeable thing about her, as well.

But right now, rather than looking poised like she usually does.

That woman.

She was squatting in the corner of the parking garage with her skirt raised and her thumbs underneath her panties as though she were ready to pull them down.

It was obvious what she had been planning on doing.

There wasn’t a bathroom in this abandoned parking garage.

Furthermore, that woman had taken up residence here, so it was only natural that she’d have to find a way to relieve herself.

Unfortunately, I hadn’t thought about those things up until this moment. I imagine she let her guard down.

In fact, she looked at us with a blank expression, like she hadn’t expected us.

Then it happened.

Before I could turn around.

Before I could mutter an apology…

Suddenly, her boot was being driven into my stomach.

Yuuki was gone. Or, more accurately, in that single moment, that red-haired woman had grabbed Yuuki out of my arms and kicked me in the stomach so hard I wanted to vomit.

I went flying back down into the stairwell, and tripped backwards down the stairs.

I don’t remember hitting the bottom.

Before I did, I blacked out.

006

It’s important to note that, at this point, I was unconscious. I only know these details because of what I was told after the fact. It seemed that, while I was out, Yuuki and that incorrigible woman had bonded somewhat.

“Aahhhh! Much better,” the red-haired woman who kicked me in the stomach sighed in relief as she, right there, in front of Yuuki, shamelessly did the thing she had kicked me in the stomach for walking in on her for.

In other words, squatting in the corner of the parking garage, where a small storm drain sat, that red-haired woman peed shamelessly at full force, like she was in a toilet stall.

I’d like to point out that I was still at the bottom of the stairwell at this time, so even if I had woken up, I wouldn’t have gotten to see such a sight.

Once she had finished up, she pulled her panties up and turned back towards Yuuki.

“So, you’re Takashiro-san’s classmate, Mashino Yuuki?”

Yuuki nodded, taking a step back. I had told her to trust me, but as I was currently unconscious, she was practically alone with such an eccentric stranger. I had told her to trust me, but it hadn’t been established whether she should trust who we were meeting with.

“Y-yeah,” Yuuki replied.

“Oh, pardon me, it must be rude, asking for your name when I haven’t even given you mine. I’m Grimoire Cutlass.”

“Cutlass…-san?” Yuuki echoed uneasily, unsure of how to approach such a foreign name.

“Hahahaha! Please, call me by my first name. Grimoire-san’s fine!”

“Grimoire-san, then,” Yuuki replied, “Why… what am I doing here?”

“Geez, didn’t Takashiro-san explain even that much? He knows that, as much as I have to, I hate being an expositional character.”

Grimoire did a show-offy cartwheel towards the center of the empty parking garage and turned back towards Yuuki, who was still walking around on shaky legs.

“To begin, Takashiro called me while you were at the nurse. He explained to me the situation under which you collapsed. A healthy, responsible girl like yourself collapsing of heat exhaustion… even to an adult like me who has to worry about pushing her body too hard knows that something seems off about that. Takashiro-san picked up on that and thought instantly that it was something strange.”

It was at this point that Grimoire gave Yuuki a rudimentary explanation of the supernatural. She explained about the relationship between oddities and specialists, and explained that she was currently mentoring me to become a specialist. It was also during this point that Grimoire told Yuuki to let me rest where I landed at the bottom of the stairs, and that I’d recover on my own eventually.

Don’t just leave me in such a position, even if I will recover!

But regardless...

“So, you think that I’ve encountered an oddity, and that’s why I collapsed?”

“I have yet to confirm it, but the fact that you can walk only increases this possibility. When Takashiro-san called, he said you couldn’t walk, but now you can, right?”

Yuuki nodded, “Yeah.”

“Then that means it’s already moving.”

Grimoire stepped back towards Yuuki and, abruptly, without warning, raised her gym shirt. Well, since Yuuki’s gym shirt was tucked into her bloomers, it took a little bit more than a single tug to lift the shirt up completely. Still, the end result was that Yuuki was standing there, being scrutinized by a stranger who was fine with wearing nothing but a hoodie that was only zipped up to just below the breasts.

“Hmm, it’s as I thought,” Grimoire frowned, “Truly, it’s the worst case scenario.”

“Worst case?”

“Mashino-san, have you pissed anyone off recently?”

“Huh?”

“I mean, is there anyone you’ve made mad in the last week or so. Well, perhaps since the beginning of the year would be a better question.”

“N-no, not that I can think of,” Yuuki replied, “I’m not close with everyone in my class, of course, but I don’t recall anyone ever saying mean things about me or looking at me with hateful eyes.”

“Is that so?” Grimoire narrowed her eyes at Yuuki, and she grinned a wide, toothy grin, “Because, Mashino-chan…”

Dropping the formalities, Grimoire referred to Yuuki like that.

“Someone really, really wants you dead.”

Yuuki told me later that hearing that, more than getting whisked away by a classmate who could run as fast as a car, or meeting a woman who was shameless enough to pee out in the open in an abandoned parking garage-- Yuuki had said that hearing someone wanted her dead made her heart skip a few beats.

“T-that’s…. That is…” Yuuki shook her head, “You’re lying…”

It wasn’t even an unreasonable thing to blurt out, in Yuuki’s case.

Yuuki, who had only recently been informed of the supernatural, and by a dubious person at that. And now that same dubious person was telling her that someone wanted her dead.

No, even more than that, it could be said that Yuuki’s entire personality was non-confrontational. She, being class representative, wouldn’t let certain things stand of course, but when it came to confronting someone doing something wrong, she took a peaceful approach. It worked most of the time, so I’d never seen her get aggressive with anyone. Actually, rather than just scolding people, she seemed to try her hardest to make other people understand different points of view from their own. It was conflict resolution that relied upon understanding rather than authority, so she was able to accomplish a lot more in such a short time.

That was why Yuuki was so incredible.

A non-confrontational person who easily understood others and was easily understood by others… a person like that couldn’t possibly have any enemies that would want them dead, right?

That’s probably what Yuuki herself had in mind.

She thought that she did everything right, so she didn’t understand why someone came to hate her anyway.

Or rather, she couldn’t understand it, so she rejected it.

“Well, you can say I’m lying all you want, but why else would someone put such a serious curse on someone else?”

“A c-curse?” Yuuki echoed dully.

“The Remora Eel,” Grimoire stated, “Well, it’s kind of a fictitious creature, since remoras and eels are different things entirely… but it’s been used as the base of a rather serious curse.”

Grimoire sat down, cross-legged on the ground, and patted the ground in front of her as if to beckon Yuuki to do the same. Yuuki complied, but it wasn’t like she had been completely comfortable around Grimoire in the first place. It was due more to the fact that Yuuki was still feeling unsteady on her legs.

As soon as Yuuki sat down, Grimoire extended a small cup towards her.

“It’s just water. Drink some.”

Yuuki looked down at the clear liquid uneasily, but Grimoire held up a popular brand of bottled water and shook it a few times to reassure the brown-haired girl. As if she needed more convincing, Grimoire then took a few swigs from the bottle itself, and Yuuki finally brought the cup to her lips.

It was just plain water after all.

“Now then,” Grimoire continued, “To understand the Remora Eel, we first have to understand the fundamentals behind curses. A curse is, to put it most simply, a mass of spiritual energy that binds itself onto a human. In general, this spiritual energy is negative, and imparts a negative effect to the person afflicted with the curse. As well, the spiritual energy more often than not takes the shape of an animal. The strongest curses impart an effect that naturally seems to align with the animal used for a base. For instance, if you wanted to make a curse that cuts a person’s speed, you might use a sloth or a snail as a base.”

Yuuki nodded, shifting uncomfortably on the ground. Grimoire either didn’t notice or didn’t care and continued.

“The Remora Eel was an oddity that was created for the sole purpose of being used as the base of the curse you have now. Well, in particular, Remoras have the characteristic of ‘latching on’, and some species of eels are parasitic, so the Remora Eel’s image is one of an animal that latches on and drains its host. Well, that was an image it got because the person who originally created the Remora Eel spread that idea in the heads of humans. The more people thought that such a creature existed in real life and could be used as the basis of a curse, the oddity that was the Remora Eel was born.”

“S-so,” Yuuki began, shifting her weight around and looking around nervously, “You mean that… I collapsed today because someone cursed me with such a thing?”

Grimoire nodded, “That’s what I believe, at least. I’ll confirm it in a bit, but allow me to explain the full effects of the Remora Eel’s curse.”

Yuuki nodded, shifting from a cross-legged position to a more traditional kneeling position, and placing her hands on her thighs.

“The Remora Eel Curse is parasitic in nature. The eel latches onto the victim, in this case you, at the feet and begins migrating up the legs and to the rest of the body. It’s a curse that, in the most basic form, saps a person’s strength. It takes all the energy from a person’s muscles and makes them unable to use them. Naturally, since it starts at the feet and works it’s way up, it will eventually reach some important muscles, like the diaphragm and the heart. If it reaches such vital muscles and saps their energy, obviously the person afflicted with the Remora Eel will die.”

Yuuki recalled in that moment what I had said to her back when I picked her up outside the nurse’s office.

“I’m saving your life.”

“S-so, I’m really going to die!” Yuuki asked as she squirmed around uncomfortably.

“Well, luckily it’s a curse, so there’s an easy countermeasure. The problem with curses, especially dangerous curses like the Remora Eel, is that they all can be rebound.”

“Re… rebound?”

“In other words, reflected back to the person who put the curse on you in the first place.”

Grimore said, with a grin.

“W-wait, wait a minute!” Yuuki frowned, fidgeting around in her spot on the ground, “I-if we rebound such a dangerous curse, wouldn’t the person who cursed me also die?”

“Yeah,” Grimoire nodded, smirking, “Revenge, retribution, and comeuppance, all at once. A capital punishment for trying to curse someone else with death. Isn’t that beautiful?”

“It’s unacceptable!” Yuuki replied firmly, “To kill another person, even if they tried to kill me first… it’s absolutely unacceptable!”

“Hey, hey,” Grimoire frowned, “Isn’t it a good thing if they die? Besides, if you don’t rebound the curse, you’ll die. It’s just like self-defense.”

“I won’t rebound it!”

Yuuki said that strongly.

Well, she tried to say it strongly.

But she was just a little bit…

“I won’t rebound it, and furthermore…”

Yuuki blushed, looking away.

“Grimoire-san… if there aren’t any toilets around here, I’d like to leave…”

“You can’t.”

Grimoire said, flatly.

“E-eh!?” Yuuki asked, rubbing her thighs together.

“Well, you can leave, if you can outrun me,” Grimoire replied, “But I’m not going to let you leave until we rebound that curse.”

“T-that’s unreasonable! I said I won’t rebound it!” Yuuki replied.

“Then you’ll have to get used to peeing openly like I did earlier. I won’t let you leave here with that curse. You either let me rebound it, or stay here until it kills you.”

“W-will you be able to explain the body!?” Yuuki asked.

“I’ll feed it to a vampire friend of mine. Actually, he’s doing me a big favor soon, so it’ll be convenient if I can give him some food.”

“That’s not going to happen.”

That wasn’t Yuuki’s voice.

It wasn’t Grimoire’s voice either.

No, by this time, I had recovered from my injuries sustained by falling down the stairs, and I regained consciousness.

“First of all, Mashino-san, she’s bluffing. Well, about feeding you to Dramaturgy, I mean. Vampires don’t like eating corpses.”

I got the image of that rather large, muscular man in my mind. I had met him only once, and that was a pretty disastrous meeting for me. At the time, he and Grimoire weren’t exactly on good terms, so by submitting myself as Grimoire’s apprentice as a specialist, I made myself his enemy as well. It was under those conditions we met, and he took exception to me almost immediately.

Well, to put it simply, to get back at Grimoire for betraying him, Dramaturgy tried to eat me.

Still, some events happened, and they seemed to have patched things up a little, so I don’t think I had to worry about that anymore.

“Furthermore, Mashino-san,” I replied, “You don’t even know who it is who tried to curse you. Why are you trying to protect them so badly?”

I said that.

But honestly, I understood her feelings.

It was less that she wanted to protect someone who had tried to kill her, and more that she didn’t think she was the kind of person who could make a conscious decision to bring harm to someone else.

Even if they had done it first.

Even if they had put the curse on her first…

Rebounding it and causing their death would be entirely Yuuki’s responsibility.

At least that’s what I thought.

“I don’t want anyone to suffer.”

Apparently, about Yuuki’s feelings. I was wrong.

“I don’t want anyone to suffer. I don’t want anyone to die. I want everyone to get along, and help each other. We’re all high school students, and most of us are aiming for the same thing in the end. We all want to graduate. That’s why I took my job as class representative seriously.”

Yuuki admitted.

“I’m the selfish kind of person who wants that kind of ideal world. I’m the ambitious kind of person who wants to work towards that goal. But even then, I understand it’s impossible.”

Yuuki, even amidst the squirming and wriggling around caused by her full bladder, said that.

“I understand that sometimes, people will hate each other. I understand that sometimes, people will suffer… but if I have to choose between suffering and letting someone else suffer, I’ll choose to suffer and just endure it. If I can save that other person, who wanted me to die so badly that they turned to the occult… if dying for that person’s sake or letting them die for my sake are my two options, then I’ll obviously chose to die!”

Yuuki finished.

She fell silent, and sat, squirming uncomfortably on the ground.

I couldn’t say anything to that.

Grimoire couldn’t argue with that.

No matter what either of us did or said, we wouldn’t get Yuuki to rebound the curse.

“But if I’m going to die, I’d like to at least say goodbye to my family first. Well, more importantly than that, I’d like to at least go to the bathroom first.”

Yuuki said that dark comedy line with a straight face.

“Actually, I really think that second one is a priority right now!”

Yuuki followed up, jamming her hands between her legs.

Grimoire responded by pointing to the corner where she had earlier relieved herself.

“If you have to go to the bathroom, go there.”

Yuuki squirmed around, looking to the corner with a horrified expression.

“I… I can’t go there!”

“There’s a drainage pipe there, so as long as you aim a little, it shouldn’t get on your shoes. It’s like using a regular squat toilet, so it should be easy.”

“It’s not a matter of ability, there are some things a girl just shouldn’t do.”

“I’ll knock Takashiro-san out again.”

“T-that’s not the issue here!”

“Even if you say that, it’s your only option, right, Mashino-chan? You must be at your limit by now.”

Yuuki squirmed around desperately, grabbing herself with both hands.

She didn’t need to answer that question.

It was obvious Grimoire was right.

“Even still, I can’t just… ah….!”

Yuuki doubled over, nearly falling over onto the floor where she sat.

As she bent forwards, her butt poked upwards in the air. From behind, around her fingers, that were grasping her crotch shamelessly, was a wet patch the size of a baseball staining her bloomers.

If she had leaked that much already, then she was really at her limit.

“I… I can’t hold it…”

Not a moment later after she said that, Yuuki began peeing right there in the middle of the parking garage.

Still doubled over, with her hands still squeezing her crotch ineffectively.

Golden liquid poured down, snaking it’s way through her fingers and falling down to the ground, accompanied by a muffled hissing. Yuuki sat silently, and because I was behind her, I couldn’t see her face.

Grimoire stared at Yuuki as she peed, grinning all the while. She was really a shameless woman.

Despite saying she was at her limit, Yuuki finished peeing rather quickly, and the puddle formed by her urine was negligible in size. It definitely didn’t seem like the kind of puddle someone would produce by holding it until they were at their limit.

Having finished, Yuuki shifted herself away from her puddle, buried her head in her hands, and began crying.

“Hey, Mashino-chan,” Grimoire called out in a soft voice, “It’s not your fault. I kind of forced this situation.”

Yuuki looked up at Grimoire with a mix of anger and confusion, and Grimoire pulled out the water bottle from before.

“I spiked this with a diuretic before offering some to you,” Grimoire admitted, “But it’s not because I’m a pervert or anything! I wanted to get a better idea of how far the Remora Eel’s progressed. It seems it’s right around your lower abdomen, which is why you wet yourself so easily. You reached your limit rather quickly not because your bladder filled up so fast, but because your muscles are weak down there right now.”

“So, this was all a consolation, so you could at least tell me how long I had left to live?” Yuuki asked bitterly.

“Not exactly. See, there is another option.”

Grimoire said that.

Yuuki had resigned herself to dying because she thought only two options existed-- either dying, or rebounding the curse and letting another person die instead.

However.

“There’s another way to deal with curses other than rebounding them,” Grimoire replied, “A way that doesn’t involve anyone dying.”

That’s what Grimoire said.

Just like that.

After making it sound like Yuuki would have to choose between dying or letting someone else die.

Grimoire gave that answer.

And then.

“Don’t think of me as heartless for hiding this until the very end,” Grimoire replied, as though she had read my thoughts, “After all, this is a solution where everyone becomes unhappy in the end.”

To Be Continued….
