Omomonogatari

Author: Railgun-sama

*005*2017-05-26 02:49

Second Arc completed. I haven't fleshed out the next arc nearly as well as I had with this one after posting Sodachi Locked, but I want to go back to focusing on Sodachi and Takashiro after, since this arc focused exclusively on Takashiro and Yuuki's backstory. There's also a bigger focus on desperation in this part than in previous installments, so on the off chance you're just reading this story for that and you've actually made it this far, this chapter's for you.

Without further ado, let's get to the story!

###

Yuuki Eel -- Eel Half

007

“There, I’m done.”

Yuuki announced as she stepped out of my bathroom, hair still somewhat wet from the shower she just took.

Grimoire had told Yuuki to go home and shower while she made preparations. Well, it was less that showering was a necessary step in the process for dealing with the curse, and more that she didn’t want Yuuki standing in a gym uniform soaked with her own urine during the entire ritual.

Naturally, given that Yuuki was going to shower and change, it would be natural to assume we would go to her house. However, my house was much closer to the parking garage. Furthermore, we were dealing with a time-sensitive curse that could seriously kill Yuuki if we didn’t hurry along, so expediting the process was necessary.

Therefore, we had gone to my house.

I live in a relatively large house with my cousin and my aunt. It’s an older, traditional-style house near the edge of the large town we live in. In other words, it’s one of those wooden houses with paper doors and a zen garden with one of those rocking bamboo fountains that an anime adaptation could cut to during breaks in dialogue.

“Is it really okay for me to borrow your cousin’s clothes and underwear without her permission?”

Yuuki asked me, looking down at her outfit. She had changed out of her wet uniform, and was now wearing a white t-shirt with a yellow star in the center, an orange skirt, and a pair of bright blue socks. And although I couldn’t see them, underneath the skirt, Yuuki was wearing a pair of blue striped panties that belonged to my cousin.

She wasn’t wearing a bra, because the difference in power level between my cousin’s chest size and Yuuki’s was clearly over nine thousand, so there was no reason to bother trying.

Though, if I said that to my cousin aloud, she’d say something like since she was still growing, her chest wasn’t even in it’s final form yet.

“It’s fine.”

“Moreover, going into your cousin’s room when she’s not home and digging through her underwear drawer…”

“It’s fine.”

“I have to ask, what kind of relationship do you have with your cousin?”

“I’m sure that if we were born into different families, we would’ve crossed the line between adolescents and adults by now.”

“That’s way too straightforward!”

“Actually, as it is, I’m trying really hard not to make her a part of my harem.”

“You have a harem?”

“You sound interested. Ah, there are quite a few vacancies, so I’m sure there’s a position you could fill.”

“Who else is in your harem?”

“Right now, no one.”

“Then what harem are you talking about!” Yuuki asked, “Actually, didn’t you say you weren’t that kind of person in the first place?”

“I said I wasn’t the kind of person to get distracted by cliche things. I’m still deep down a guy who dreams about having that kind of relationship with a girl.”

“Ah, so you’re still a person who can fall in love.”

“I meant more specifically that I’m still a person who wants to do lewd things with a willing female close to my age.”

“No, you shouldn’t have gotten into specifics there. Leaving it vague and romantic gets you more appeal.”

That was the advice that Yuuki gave me.

“Ah, well, I guess I do want to fall in love too.”

“Don’t put it back in just because I said so.”

“No, I’m being serious. That’s something I do genuinely want. Well, I say that, but I haven’t made a huge attempt to talk to anyone this year. I guess it’s only been a month in, but… well, you saw Grimoire-san. She introduced me to this crazy world that I had no idea about, so I find it hard to talk to people about normal things anymore.”

“So, what you’re saying is, you’d find it easier to talk to someone who knows about the supernatural?”

I nodded.

“And, you’d find it easier to fall in love with someone who could understand you?”

Once again, I nodded.

Yuuki turned away, and I looked up in time to catch her face just before she hid it from my view.

She was blushing.

“W-well, I guess, since now I know about these things… in other words, now that I can talk to you about the supernatural…”

Yuuki trailed off, then shook her head.

“W-well, at the very least, I can make a pretty good friend to you, right?”

I wasn’t dense.

I knew what Yuuki wanted to say.

Well, maybe I was reading too much into it, but I was pretty sure that friendship wasn’t what Yuuki was going for there.

Did I like Yuuki?

Did Yuuki like me?

Before I could figure that out, Yuuki squeaked and pressed her hand between her legs again.

“Ooohh… I can’t believe Grimoire-san gave me a diuretic… I don’t think I’m going to be able to hold it until we get back.”

Before coming here, Grimoire had explained the full plan.

“We’re going to exorcise the Remora Eel,” Grimoire stated.

It sounded like an answer that stemmed entirely from her job as a vampire-exorcising specialist. She was even wearing the same kind of twisted grin she got when talking about fighting a strong vampire.

“Huh? We can do that?” I asked.

“Of course, It’s an Oddity, after all,” she replied, “We draw it out, make it take physical form, and destroy it. It’s that simple.”

“Wait, if you can just do something like that, why did you tell me I’d have to rebound the curse?” Yuuki asked, still looking rather unhappy at Grimoire.

“That’s because this method won’t remove the curse, it will only weaken it,” Grimoire answered.

Weaken.

It would only be weakened.

In other words, Yuuki would live, but she won’t fully recover.

The person who cursed her wouldn’t see her die.

But Yuuki herself wouldn’t get to recover.

And I, as her classmate and now friend, wouldn’t get to save her.

None of us would be fully satisfied.

That’s what Grimoire meant when she said everyone would be unhappy.

“With a curse, even if you destroy the base, the negative energy still remains bound to the person,” Grimoire explained, “So you’d keep the effects of the curse, but the severity of the curse would be lessened. The Remora Eel will die, and the weakened curse, rather than disappearing along with it, will disperse and spread throughout your entire body.”

In other words.

“I’ll become weak all over,” Yuuki replied.

“You’ll be unable to live a normal life,” Grimoire replied, “Everyday things like running, and carrying things, and pushing doors open-- things that normal people can do without thinking about it-- they’ll be like heavy exercise to you. Your heart and diaphragm, being muscles, will also weaken somewhat. In other words, you’ll have a weak heart and heavy breathing will become difficult. You’ll become a sickly person. It won’t be enough to kill you, but you will struggle.”

Grimoire looked at Yuuki with a sharp expression.

Her eyes looked like they were piercing through Yuuki’s very soul.

“In addition to all of that… once the base is destroyed. Once we exorcise the Remora Eel from you, rebounding the curse normally will become impossible. In other words, you will be unable to turn back. You will be cursed forever to live like that.”

Yuuki nodded.

“I… I understand.”

Yuuki clenched her fists at her sides and met Grimoire’s piercing gaze with a resolved expression.

“I understand, and I accept that fate.”

“Takashiro-kun, want to try to talk it over with her?”

“There’s nothing more to say,” I replied, “Yuuki-san’s already made up her mind.”

“Very well,” Grimoire nodded, “Then, I’ll begin the preparations here. Mashino-chan, go home and take a shower, and change into clean clothes. It’s not important for the ritual, I just don’t want you to be uncomfortable while waiting.”

“Thank you, I will.”

Grimoire then made her way towards the stairwell of the parking garage.

“I’ll be on the 6th floor. Takashiro-kun, I’m sure you understand from just that what your role will be in this ritual, correct?”

I nodded, “Yeah.”

“Good. Wait out here when you get back. I’ll come down and get you when I’m done. In the off chance you guys aren’t back before I finish, I’ll call you, Takashiro-kun.”

With that, Grimoire began walking up the stairs.

“Oh,” she paused, “And one more thing. Mashino-chan…”

“Huh?” Yuuki asked, tilting her head to the side.

“If you have to pee again, from right now until we begin the ritual. Hold it. The Remora Eel responds to muscles that you’re using the most. It will only migrate in one direction, so even if you ran a marathon now, it wouldn’t go back to your legs. But if you keep using your abdominal muscles to hold it in, it’ll be less inclined to move. You’ll slow its progress down, at least.”

“I’ll try…” Yuuki replied nervously.

“That curse moves quickly,” Grimoire replied, “If you don’t do at least that much, we might run out of time before the preparations are complete.”

“G-got it!” Yuuki answered.

“Good, now hurry up. If your house isn’t close, use a public bath and buy clothes. Just try not to be longer than thirty minutes.”

That was what Grimoire had said.

My house, with me running at full speed, was five minutes away from the parking garage.

Even taking into consideration the detours I’d have to take to ensure I took the least populated route and wasn’t seen by anyone, it wouldn’t be longer than seven minutes.

Seven minutes to get here, and Yuuki took another fifteen minutes to shower and change. So we had just enough time to get back.

“Let’s get going, then,” I said as we both stood at the doorway to my family’s home.

I lowered my back to let Yuuki piggy-back again, but that only seemed to cause Yuuki to blush and sputter incoherently.

“What’s wrong?” I asked, turning back to look at the brown-haired girl.

“I… I think it’s a bad idea to carry me in a position where my legs will be apart,” Yuuki pointed out, shuffling her legs together for emphasis, “I wouldn’t want to get your clothes wet again…”

I had carried Yuuki back on my back after she had wet herself, so naturally some of the dampness from her bloomers soaked into the back of my gym shirt. Both were currently in the washing machine, going through a cycle.

Also, because of that, I had changed clothes as well. I was now wearing a red t-shirt with a white skull design across the chest and a pair of light grey jeans. I had opted to keep my gym sneakers on since they were the best footwear I had for running in.

“R-right. Uh, I guess I’ll carry you like before, then. Ready?”

Yuuki squeezed her thighs together as though bracing herself and took a deep breath before nodding.

“I’m ready!”

I hoisted her up bridal-style once again, and tensed my legs up once more.

“Hold on,” I spoke, keeping my words intentionally vague.

And with that, we were off.

008

By the time we got back to the parking garage, Yuuki was, quite plainly, at her limit.

Well, I say by the time we got there like it had taken that long, but in truth from her silence during the trip, as well as how much she was fidgeting and squirming around in my arms, she had probably spent the entire trip nearing her limit.

In other words, the second we got to the fourth floor and found that Grimoire was still making preparations, Yuuki collapsed onto the floor and whimpered pitifully while shaking.

“That… that… unreasonable woman… I know it’s to help me… but giving me diuretic… then telling me to hold it-ahhh!”

Yuuki rubbed her knees together as she bounced up and down.

Well, I felt kind of helpless, since all I could do was watch her. Actually, more than helpless, I was trying to pointedly avoid watching her at all. It wasn’t like it was the kind of situation where I sympathized with her so much that watching her pitiful dance was painful, but moreso the fact that Yuuki was, in actuality, really attractive.

“Takashiro-san…”

I say that like it was some kind of surprise that Mashino Yuuki was attractive, but it was moreso that, after spending half a day with her and worrying about her nonstop, my bond with her has grown beyond that of a classmate. As such, where her natural beauty was something I could gloss over before, right now it was pretty much unavoidable.

“Takashiro-san!”

So, now that there was an attractive girl bouncing around in front of me, squirming and breathing heavily, even occasionally letting out a desperate moan, it was hard to watch for those kinds of reasons. In the first place, when a girl as well endowed as Yuuki bounces, naturally other things will bounce as well.

“TAKASHIRO-SAN!”

“E-ehh?”

“Y-you’re… you’re staring at me... well, my chest in specifically… AH! I’m not wearing a bra! Are they poking out! Can you see them!?”

Even though Yuuki asked that, she didn’t make any effort to cover herself. Likely because both hands were jammed between her restless legs.

“A-ah, no, it’s not that, I was more focused on your desperation than your boobs.”

“E-eh?”

“A-ah, I mean, I was moreso feeling sorry for you, so I was watching you dance around cutely while you’re at your limit.”

“Ta-Takashiro-san…”

“I feel like I let something slip out accidentally again.”

“Y-you… you absolute pervert…you were watching me lewdly while I’m holding it all in, and you were enjoying it, right!?”

“Ah, that isn’t exactly… I mean, in that case, I was moreso watching your chest bounce… so…”

CLACK!

The sound of the hard rubber sole of a heavy boot striking concrete resonated through the mostly empty floor of the parking garage. The loud sound startled me, and Yuuki yelped before doubling over and shaking as she jammed her hands between her legs and crossed them as best as she could in her position.

I turned towards the stairwell of the parking garage, coming face to face to Grimoire Cutlass, wearing the same outfit, but with some sort of black and gold sailor hat resting on her head. One might imagine it was an accessory she brought out only when she was serious, but I had seen her fight vampires and she never once wore that hat. In fact, I had never seen her wear it before in my life.

The hat, combined with a wooden sword slung haphazardly over her shoulder, the woman looked like a right proper delinquent. Well, if a proper delinquent could be expected to wear her hoodie unzipped down to her navel.

Somehow, I feel like the zipper’s gotten lower since this afternoon.

“Alright, you lovebirds… I’m sure Mashino-chan is anxious to get this over with, so let’s begin the extermination!”

With neither me nor Yuuki responding to that first comment, we both followed the violent, grinning woman up to the sixth floor.

It was almost unrecognizable as the inside of a parking garage.

Charms and talismans were plastered across the flat surfaces of the room. The windows were completely boarded up, letting in absolutely none of the late-afternoon sun. Small candles were placed around the room instead, arranged in no particular way and illuminating the room quite dimly.

Right next to the stairwell, there was a tall folding table set up along the wall, and there was an incense burner placed upon it off to once side. Smoke rose from the burner and surrounded the table, but seemed to dissipate rather quickly the further away it got from the source.

“Allow me to explain succinctly...” Grimoire spoke, jumping over to the table and sitting down atop of it, next to the incense burner, “..the process by which we will exorcise the Remora Eel. Mashino-chan’s still quite desperate, so the Remora Eel should be focused around the abdomen. This incense will weaken the Remora Eel and it should appear just under the surface of Mashino-chan’s body. Takashiro-kun… you’ll be responsible for extracting it and exterminating it. Well, the process for extermination is more or less just to crush it. It’s supernatural energy, so if you crush it’s shape, it’ll disperse and return to Mashino-chan in that weakened state.”

“Eh, T-T-Takashiro-san will be extracting it?” Yuuki asked, surprised.

“Don’t worry. I’ll be supervising. If anything goes wrong, I’ll step in,” Grimoire replied, “But Takashiro-kun’s my pupil, so I have to give him some tasks regardless.”

“B-but, I mean, more specifically than that, if it’s just below the skin, then, doesn’t that mean a surgical extraction? It’s not something a normal high school student can do bare-handed!”

“Have you already forgotten?” Grimoire smirked, nodding her head towards me, “Takashiro-kun’s no ordinary student.”

“My legs, you’ve probably already realized that I run far faster than any ordinary human can,” I noted, “And that seal on my arm that you wanted to rip off casually…”

I rolled my pant-legs up to my knees, and I unrolled my sleeve all the way to my shoulder. I then reached my left arm up to the talisman-like seal on my right arm and ripped it off in one motion.

Outwardly nothing changed.

But there were candled scattered around the room.

Because of that, the truth of my nature was revealed.

Both my legs, from halfway down the thighs to the feet, and my arm, all the way up to where my shoulder met my chest…

If you looked at my shadow, I’d look like a triple amputee floating in the air.

“Three of my four limbs… my legs and my right arm… are those of a vampire.”

That’s why I always wore pants even in the summer.

That’s why I needed to seal away my arm’s vampiric nature with a special talisman during the day.

The events of my spring break, which had been chaotic in nature and nearly cost me my life, lead to my body being like this.

But that’s a story for another time.

My focus was on saving Yuuki.

“Mashino-chan, when you’re ready, come over here and stand in the incense,” Grimoire instructed.

Yuuki hobbled over to the table and Grimoire fanned the incense towards the brown-haired girl. Being enveloped in the smoke seemed to cause Yuuki to have a strange reaction, because she let out a sigh that made me almost think she had wet herself again.

“Ah… that’s better…”

Come to think of it, if the Remora Eel was draining the strength from Yuuki’s lower abdomen, the incense that was designed to weaken the oddity would naturally give Yuuki some of her holding power back.

“There, now it should be visible from the outside. Mashino-chan, take off your skirt and raise your shirt up.”

“H-huh!?”

“Don’t look at me like I’m some kind of pervert,” Grimoire frowned, “If the Remora Eel is only visible underneath your skin, and it’s hanging around by your bladder, then naturally we’ll need to get a clear view of your bladder before Takashiro-san can extract it.”

I was expecting more of a protest from Yuuki, but either she was desperate enough that he just wanted to get it over with, or realized that, with her life on the line, she didn’t have any other choice.

Yuuki slipped the skirt she had borrowed from my cousin down and raised the shirt up, revealing a good portion of her stomach. I expected a girl who was dancing around like she was at her limit earlier to have a visibly full bladder, but there was only the slightest of bulges sticking out. It must’ve been because her desperation was more caused by her weakness than her full bladder.

More importantly, I could now see it.

A long, snaking mass that was darkening the skin around Yuuki’s stomach.

The eel disappeared underneath the band of Yuuki’s panties, but the tail was up around her belly button. In other words, I could pull it out without asking Yuuki to relinquish the last of her dignity.

“Here goes!”

I placed my left and my right shoulder and swung my whole arm to the side. With practiced skill, the tips of my fingers changed shape, extending into long claws that grew even longer until they were long and almost needle-like.

I pierced through the outer layer of Yuuki’s skin near her belly button, and Yuuki winced. Still, with just that, I was able to burrow deep enough to grab the tail of the Remora Eel.

“Ripping it out carelessly will damage Yuuki’s body,” Grimoire instructed, “Restrain the eel with your fingers first.”

I closed my eyes and visualized the full eel, extending my fingernails out like a cage to trap the eel completely. Now that it was restrained, I began slowly pulling, drawing the eel out of Yuuki tail-first.

Yuuki winced and grit her teeth in pain, but it wasn’t the kind of severe reaction one would normally expect to see from someone having something like an eel being ripped out of of their stomach. That’s mostly because the eel was more-or-less just spiritual energy.

Once the Remora Eel was out completely, I could see the truly horrifying oddity in full. It was dark blue with purple splotches, and rather than a standard fish mouth, it’s face was adorned with a suction cup-like appendage with hook-like spikes lining the outside edge.

Still, the Remora Eel was only terrifying in the context of a curse.

With no effort at all, I tossed the creature across the room, away from Yuuki.

In the next instant, my hand had transformed back into that of a normal human’s (or, I suppose, a normal vampire’s), and I lunged at the creature I had just tossed. Catching up with it immediately, I waited until I was directly above it and punched the eel into the floor.

The floor of the parking garage cracked a little, but it seemed like the charms scattered about everywhere protected the building from stress to some extent. If that punch had been uninhibited, it would’ve smashed the eel through to the fifth floor.

Needless to say, the Remora Eel was exorcised fully.

I let out a sigh and wiped some sweat from my brow (even though the fight lasted for a single moment, my human body still strained itself to keep up with my vampire limbs) before turning back around towards Yuuki and Grimoire.

Yuuki, who was holding her stomach where I had pulled the eel out from, smiled at me and Grimoire nodded approvingly, likely at the flashy way I dispatched the Remora Eel.

The Remora Eel suddenly began to glow, and the energy dispersed into the air, floating and sparkling through the air until they reached Yuuki. Once all the energy had returned to Yuuki, the light faded, and Yuuki looked around, dazed by what had just happened.

Almost immediately afterwards, Yuuki doubled over again, and jammed her hands between her legs.

“Alright, Mashino-chan, you don’t have to hold it anymore. Just head down to the fourth floor and…”

“I’m not… I won’t make it!” Yuuki whined, dancing around desperately. She looked around until she spotted a similar storm drain to the one on the fourth floor and rushed towards it. Without a moment’s hesitation, she squatted down facing away from us and began peeing, full force, through the panties she was wearing.

“AAAaaaaahhhhhhhhh,” Yuuki moaned, letting her pee flow out of her freely. She tilted her head back in pure bliss, and I found myself unable to take my eyes off her as she urinated right there in front of me. Sure, she was still wearing panties, but it was the first time I had seen anyone pee before me without it being an accident.

Yuuki had, like before, finished relatively quickly, but it had been longer than when she wet herself. As soon as she did, she leaned back and wavered, and I realized what was about to happen. Rushing up to her, I caught her just before she could collapse.

“Yuuki-chan, are you okay? Yuuki-chan!?”

Yuuki’s eyes were closed, but she was breathing softly and deeply. Through my right arm, I could feel her heartbeat as it pulsed in her chest, first quickly, then gradually slowing down.

She had fallen asleep.

“Mashino-chan’s weak now, so it’s not surprising she passed out like that,” Grimoire noted, “She’ll find herself lacking energy from now on, and I’m sure this won’t be the first time she collapses. Not to mention she just witnessed the supernatural in action. Even after telling her, I doubt she was prepared for everything.”

“R-right,” I nodded, looking down at Yuuki.

Moving her to the table with the incense (Grimoire moved the incense bowl out of the way), I set Yuuki down and turned to Grimoire.

“What next?”

Grimoire tilted her head to the side, “What do you mean? It’s over. The Remora Eel is exorcised.”

“Don’t play dumb,” I replied, “Earlier, when you told Yuuki-chan that there was no going back, you mentioned that rebounding the curse regularly would become impossible. However, you didn’t say it was impossible altogether. That means there must be some other method of rebounding the curse, even now that the Remora Eel has been exorcised.”

Grimoire let out an exasperated sigh, “I’m not going to use that option.”

“You’re just denying it flat-out?”

“I mean, Mashino-chan would deny it even if I told her, so there’s no sense in being pointlessly cruel.”

“Isn’t it crueler not to tell her that there’s that option?”

“That’s a naive way of thinking, Takashiro-kun,” Grimoire replied firmly, crossing her arms and looking down at Yuuki, “That girl… your classmate isn’t the kind of person who wants others to suffer in her stead. She said that, right?”

“Yeah, but now that the curse won’t kill the other person, rebounding it should be fine, right?”

“It should, if Mashino-chan was only concerned about not killing anyone,” Grimoire pointed out, “But that girl’s kindness and self-sacrifice run deeper than that. Actually, now that the curse isn’t bound to kill her, she’s probably far less hesitant now to carry that burden than if it would cost her her life. The consequences may have become far less extreme if she were to rebound the curse, but they’ve also become less extreme if she just chooses to burden it herself.”

“But that’s…”

“When a person is staring down the barrel of a gun, they’re true nature is revealed,” Grimoire recited, “Mashino-chan was given a life-or-death ultimatum, and she chose to die rather than to condemn another person to die. Even though that was her character, I’m sure it wasn’t an easy decision to stick with. The way you’re looking at it, you think that now that the stakes are lower, that she’ll be more inclined to change her mind. However, all this does is make it easier for her to stick with her original decision.”

“But even still, the choice should be hers, right? Otherwise lying to her is just cruel!”

“Like I said, it’s telling her that would be cruel,” Grimoire replied, “We already know what decision she’ll make in the first place, but giving her that option will only put that burden on her instead. She’ll be determined to stick to what she feels is right, but on the days where her weakness gets in the way of things she wants to do and she becomes frustrated, that idea that there’s a way out brews in her mind. It’s like giving her a temptation that she’ll never give into, but will always haunt her. Like this, we may be lying to her, but in the end, the only burden she has to shoulder is the curse itself. We bear the burden of lying to her, she is spared the additional burden of that temptation. That’s why it’s less cruel not to say anything.”

I looked down at Yuuki. Despite Grimoire’s eccentric appearance and personality, she was wise, and I knew she was right. Still, I couldn’t help but feel dissatisfied with that.

Grimoire wrapped me in a hug abruptly, pressing my head into her cleavage and stroking my hair like I was a child.

“You’re probably thinking something like how that’s a very dissatisfying outcome, right, Haru-kun?” she spoke, “but not everything in life is supposed to have a full resolution. The cruelty here is in the fact that such a kind, honest girl had to get cursed in the first place. If you’re going to feel dissatisfied… if you’re going to feel frustrated, direct it at that unknown person who cursed Mashino-chan.”

Grimoire was a very dangerous woman. Despite finding her to be an exhibitionist pervert and disliking the current position I was in, the red-haired woman always smelled of vanilla and strawberries, and her usually rough hands that she used to fight vampires and other strong oddities were uncharacteristically gentle as she ran them through my hair. It calmed me down quickly, and I nearly felt like falling asleep standing up.

That was, until Grimoire pushed me off of her and jammed a hand between her legs.

“Ah… I forgot… I drank that diuretic too. I was too busy setting up this room that I didn’t have time for a break either…”

The red-haired woman sauntered off to the stairway.

“I’ll be on the fourth floor. If you walk in on me, I’ll punch you through the wall before you can re-apply that seal to your arm and expose you to the late afternoon sun.”

With that, I was left alone in the room with Yuuki, who was sleeping soundly on the table in a pair of wet panties and a t-shirt she borrowed from my cousin.

I sighed and placed the skirt she discarded earlier over her legs. I did say getting urine on them was a problem, but that was mostly to encourage Yuuki to hold on. I might have some awkward things to explain to my cousin or aunt if either of them caught me, but I wasn’t worried about that right now.

Actually, for the first time since I saw Yuuki collapse today, I let myself relax fully. I was mentally worn out, and exerting myself so much and relying on my vampire powers was exhausting. Letting out a yawn, I sat down and leaned against a support pillar near the stairway and closed my eyes, falling asleep on the sixth floor of that abandoned parking garage with Yuuki resting nearby.

I don’t know if I can truly say this, but, it was over.

009

And now for the conclusion, or perhaps it’s the punchline.

Golden Week came and went.

Well, I make it sound like it was no big deal, but in honesty Golden Week was a huge ordeal. Nothing really spectacular happened, but Grimoire made me spar against Dramaturgy to help me train with my vampire abilities. Actually, she had said something scary like “He can’t reach his full potential with only the right arm, so if you want to rip of his left arm, I’ll just switch it out for the vampire version, and he’ll have the full set.”

I fought harder than ever and I got to keep my left arm.

It’s worth mentioning that I had also run into Yuuki once or twice during Golden Week. Both times had been when I was rather close to her house, and both times she looked tired, like even walking that far had been a burden. She said she was exercising every day so she could at least walk to and from school properly, but it definitely seemed hard on her.

She also developed her cough then. She had always been a little asthmatic, but now that a simple walk was like running a marathon, she was pushing her lungs to their limits.

During one of our run-ins, I asked her in a roundabout way that, if there was any way to rebound the curse now that the Eel was destroyed and wouldn’t kill the person who targeted her if she’d be fine with that. I said it in a way that made it clear I was supposed to be speaking hypothetically, but even then she still said she’d carry the curse.

Grimoire had been right.

But still, Yuuki was suffering.

She wouldn’t let it show on her face, but I could tell she was struggling with her curse.

Then, we met back at school after Golden Week.

Yuuki asked me to stay behind with her after class.

Well, Yuuki had to stay behind for classroom duty, and I stayed behind to help her out, but after that, Yuuki pulled me to the side to talk.

“Takashiro-san,” Yuuki asked, turning to cough into her elbow before looking back up at me, “I have a request to ask of you.”

“There’s no need to be so formal, Yuuki-chan,” I replied casually, “What is it?”

“Well, I realize it’s going to be difficult… or rather, impossible for me to continue on as class representative from now on,” Yuuki admitted.

“Wait, you’re going to step down?” I asked, a little surprised despite knowing that she was right. The position of class representative would put a lot of strain on her, and she was already struggling with just the basic stuff.

“Yeah. I hate to leave my post, but I don’t have a choice. But I want to leave it in capable hands,” Yuuki replied, “That’s why I think you should be my replacement.”

“H-huh?” I tilted my head, “Isn’t it a democratic thing in the first place?”

Yuuki shook her head, “Well, technically it is. Actually, in the first place, the vice-representative is supposed to step up if the class rep steps down, but I’ve talked to Sanae-san about it already. She’s not interested in taking my job, to be honest. In that event, they hold a new election. Still, if I nominate someone I feel is capable, I’m sure the majority will agree with me. You’ll be elected for sure.”

“Well, I’m not so sure I’m cut out for being the class rep…” I scratched the back of my head, “In the first place, I’m not really friends with many of the other students. Going from that to being the class rep is like jumping from the level five boss to the level fifty boss without grinding at all in between.”

“I know I’m asking a lot of you,” Yuuki began, “but I won’t forget how you jumped to my aid, even though I was a random stranger. Even though you had no way of knowing if I was actually possessed by an oddity or not. That kind of kindness is part of your nature, even if you hide it away. I know you can do this.”

I was about to refuse again, but Yuuki was looking at me pleadingly by now. In the first place, who was I to refuse her, when I told her I would save her and only wound up half-saving her. I saved her life, but it was because there wasn’t a way to resolve this without involving another person that Yuuki was in this situation to begin with.

“I’ll do it,” I replied firmly, “I’ll succeed you as class rep, and become a class rep you can be proud to have nominated.”

I said something cool like that.

“Thank you so much, Takashiro-san!” Yuuki beamed, “Well, I should be heading home. I’m feeling a little sleepy already.”

“I’ll walk you there,” I said, “If you get tired, I don’t mind carrying you again.”

“A-ah… actually… Takashiro-san… do you mind carrying me from here? I seem to have overexerted myself today with the classroom duty...”

Looking at Yuuki a little more closely, I noticed that her whole body was quivering like she was having trouble standing up, and her forehead was glossed over with sweat.

I nodded, “Sure… sure thing.”

I bent down and extended my arms back to let Yuuki climb up on my back, but the brown-haired girl simply shook her head.

“N-not… not like that… at least… I’d prefer it if you carried me the… the other way.”

With a pink tinge on her cheeks, Yuuki said that to me.

I smiled and nodded, turning around and hoisting Yuuki up off her feet. Even though we were still near the school entrance, where we could be seen and rumors would start up, I walked casually to the sidewalk.

The late afternoon sun sunk lower into the sky, and a golden glow was cast over the entire city. It was a spectacle to behold, bright enough that the obtrusive lights of distant skyscrapers were still drowned out, but everything was painted in brilliant colors.

As I set off towards Yuuki’s home, I felt the brown-haired girl tug on my dress shirt.

“No running this time.”

“I won’t run.”

“No taking shortcuts.”

“I don’t know any to your house.”

“Don’t drop me.”

“Even if you took my seal off and my arm caught fire, I won’t drop you.”

Like that, walking casually through that golden town, I carried Yuuki to her home.

Then, later that night.

I found myself walking up to the fourth floor of a familiar abandoned parking garage.

“I was expecting you to show up here,” Grimoire replied, smirking as she wolfed down some meat she had just removed from a portable grill. There were more slices of beef searing on the grill in front of her, and even after I entered, she didn’t take her eyes off them.

Without asking why I was there. Without waiting for me to so much as acknowledge her greeting, she held up another piece of meat.

“People like us need to enjoy all the meat we can while we’re young! Meat is… well, I think meat’s probably all someone like me needs to be happy.”

Grimoire had a youthful appearance, but that didn’t mean she was young at all. Referring to herself as young only hinted at her delusions.

“Hey, Grimoire-sensei,” I replied, “You said you were expecting me. Does that mean you know why I came here?”

“I can guess,” Grimoire grinned, “After all, it was yours and Mashino-chan’s first day back after Golden Week, correct?”

“R-right.”

“So then, you’ve clearly come to me for some relationship advice. After all, she went ahead and confessed to you, right?”

“....”

“Huh? Was I off? Oh, did you confess to her instead?”

“Forget about being off,” I replied dryly, “You’re so wrong it’s almost painful. In the first place, why would I go to an exhibitionist pervert for relationship advice? Besides, there’s nothing between us romantically.”

I said.

Well, it wasn’t like I hadn’t noticed.

Yuuki probably, no…

Yuuki definitely had feelings for me.

Back then, I might have been the same. I might’ve also had feelings for Yuuki.

But even if Yuuki had confessed, I wouldn’t have accepted her feelings.

After all.

I was planning on doing something that Yuuki would never forgive me for.

If she would wind up hating me, what was the point of letting her fall in love with me in the first place?

“I came here for a different reason,” I explained, “Grimoire-sensei, please… tell me how I can rebound Yuuki’s curse now that the Remora Eel has dispersed!”

I bowed down to Grimoire in prostration, that was how serious I was.

“Oho~? You plan on rebounding the curse? Have you gone and convinced Mashino-san… or…” Grimoire paused, her lips curling into a twisted smirk, “This is something you’re going to do on your own?”

“Even if she hates me afterwards, even if it’s going against her own morals… I’m not so selfless as to let my friend suffer for the sake of some cruel person who’d try to kill her.”

Grimoire let out a sigh and nodded, “Even if I didn’t tell you myself, you’d just wind up researching it. Actually, you might find erroneous information and make things worse, so I’ll just tell you. However, before I do, understand this: I will not help you with rebounding the curse in any way, so long as she doesn’t wish it.”

“That’s fine,” I nodded.

“Very well. To rebound the spell now that the focus of the spiritual energy… the oddity that formed the basis of the spell has been destroyed, you need four things. The first is the physical form of the person who has been cursed-- in other words, their body. The second is blood from the person who cursed the victim. The third is the name of the person who cursed the victim, and the fourth…”

Grimoire paused to grab another piece of meat. She held it up to her mouth and she flashed her canines in a toothy grin.

They weren’t on the level of vampire fangs.

But one would definitely call them sharper than an average human’s.

“The fourth thing you’ll need… is a vampire that can also be considered an Oddity Slayer. That is, a vampire who can drain the energy from oddities instead of just humans. Basically, a vampire of the same rare type as that iron-blooded, hot-blooded, cold-blooded vampire, Kissshot Acerola-orion Heart-under-blade.”

The strongest vampire.

The king of oddities.

I had met Grimoire Cutlass during spring break because she had been drawn to a nearby town at the prospect of hunting such a vampire. However, she found that there was too much competition there, and furthermore, that Dramaturgy, whom she was still on bad terms with, was pursuing her, so Grimoire caught onto the scent of another vampire.

I don’t think it needs to be said, but that other vampire was the original owner of my vampiric legs and right arm.

I needed a vampire who had more-or-less the same capabilities as Heart-under-blade to rebound the curse on Yuuki.

And Grimoire wouldn’t help me at all.

Which also meant that asking Dramaturgy, who despite resolving things with Grimoire still gave off the impression that he rather disliked me, was also out of the question.

Though even before worrying about all of that, I still needed to figure out who the person was that cursed Yuuki in the first place, if that was even possible. So even if I could figure out how I was going to get a vampire to cooperate without Grimoire's help, I still wouldn't be ready to help Yuuki. One of the strong points of curses was that they're completely anonymous, and if I went through the trouble of asking a vampire to help me and wound up picking the wrong person, I'm not sure what would happen. I doubt they'd offer me a second chance. In the worst case, they'd get mad that I wasted their time and kill me.

Even so...

“I’ll do it,” I replied, “Even if it takes me fifty years. Even if it takes me a hundred years… I’ll finish saving Yuuki-chan."

### Yuuki Eel End --
