Angelica's first accident

Author: Rune Vesgina

*000*2020-08-05 10:58

Hello l angelica you can call me angel

Many people don't even know the family that I like the despair about bladder Things that made me like this have to go back to the beginning. It was the first day that I worked at this hospital. That day I wore my uniform as a student, a university nurse's uniform but due to the increased size of the chest and buttocks, causing the dress to be somewhat tight

“ It's nice to meet you as a new doctor? I am your assistant named Kyoko. ”

“ Nice to meet you, my name is angelica, can call me angel ”

I entered my office and sat at my desk and had a medicine jar with a note saying "Don't try."

" Don't try ? "

I was surprised that there was a drug that told me not to try but instead put it on my desk

So I took a pill from that jar and took one.

After taking the drug, a patient came in is a primary school boy, grade 4

“ Hello, little boy. Is there any problem? ”

I made a smile to welcome that child.

“ Ah….. is me ”

That child blushed because he was embarrassed to tell me the problem.

“ That's fine, tell this sister to the problem ”

I rubbed that baby's head and comforted him until the little boy felt better and told him his problem. Made me realize that that kid's name is Chris. The problem with his younger is that he likes pissing on the couch and doesn't get well.

“ Do you have problems at home or school? ”

“ I like being teased by my friends, always making me stress. ”

Okay, childhood problems. Maybe I can help this child get stressed. At least this is good.

“ This sister has a game I want you to play. Want to play? ”

It's Jenga game I met while I entered the office.

“ But I've never played ”

“ Don't worry, it's easy to play. ”

I told him how to play that child.

“ Do you understand? ”

“ y...yes ”

“ But playing with this sister has special rules. ”

“ W….What! ”

“ Yes, it is, if anyone loses in each game, will have to drink a glass of water ”

Chris was shocked by the new rules I established but easily accepted.

Game Start!

The game began. The first game happened very quickly and as a result Chris lost this game.

“ Hahahaha Too bad Chris ”

Chris was slightly disappointed and then took a glass of water to drink.

And the second game started, but Chris played so much better than the first game, which made the game last longer than I ended up falling. I lost

“ At this point, the nurse sister's turn must drink water. ”

“ This sister just saving hands, that's all ”

I bragged with Chris and drank some water.

At the start of the third game, I felt my bladder being slightly pressured, but I still didn't make my sexy person feel uncomfortable but the game progressed for quite a long time, just like the second game. My bladder pushed me so much that I was distracted by the falling tower.

“ nurse sisters lost again. Drink water. ”

Chris joked and handed me a glass of water. I picked up a glass of water that Chris had given and drank quickly.

“ Ahhhhhh! ”

The coldness of the water caused my bladder to lose a little control until it leaked into my pink floral underwear.

“ Nurse sister are you ok? ”

“ I'm OK. Let's start the next game. ”

I said because I don't want Chris to worry but my only thought was to find a way not to pee in front of Chris.

( Don't out! Don't out! Don't out! )

And the fourth game started. I started to shake my legs. My concentration was focused on the game, but not all. My urine pulled my concentration a bit but this game Chris made the wooden tower fall, Chris lost this game. Chris picked up a glass of water and easily drank.

Fifth game was started as the last game, but I don't think this game is the final game. Right now my mind is not focused on the game, it is focused on trying not to pee out.

I contracted my sphincter and one of my hands pressed over the pussy to keep it from cracking.This game progresses slowly, because if I move violently I will definitely have to remember all my life that I'm 26 years old, but then pissing in front of a newly known child And is a sexy sister like me I reached out to the stick. To play, but

“ Ahhhh! No No Ahhhhhh! ”

The body has reached the limit. Can't hold anymore I hurriedly got out of my chair But as soon as I got up, my body collapsed into a position where my body was on the floor and my butt bobbled out because my tense muscles caused a cramp in the butt.

“ Sis.. are you o… kay ”

PShhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

The foreground that Chris saw was me in a crooked ass and a dark mark on my nurse's skirt. Yes i'm pissing right now.

( Ahhhh! My pussy is so relief. Ahhhhhhhhh! It feel good )

My puddles are constantly expanding and there is no sign of stopping.

“ N….not look chris Ahhh! ”

My pee crackled harder again At that time I was embarrassed.And then I finished pissing

“ *Sob* *Sob* *Sob* ”

Now I can move, get up and grab Chris to the office storage room.

“ I lost you, Chris And this is the prize for the winner ”

“ W...what do you doing Sis! ”

I rewarded Chris by changing clothes for him to see. He blushed while looking at my floral-patterned pink underwear.

“ Do you want to see my chest? ”

And I pulled off my bra to reveal my breasts

“ This is a secret for us. ”

“ YES Sis! ”

And this is the story that made me like despair about urine until today 2 months after the accident and I ……….. *Knock* *Knock* *Knock*

Oh, someone came to my house. Oh

“ Hallo Sis. ”

“ Chris! Why did you come to my house? ”

Chris didn't answer and grabbed Janga.

“ Do you want to play too? the rules are the same as what you said ”

“ Sure, this sister will never pee in front of you again. ”

