The Choir of Desperation (line waiting and laxatives)

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-09-11 18:27

**This was a request from someone. Obviously this event isn't likely to happen. However it still a possible event. People have used things like this before. Hope that doesn't ruin it.**

CHAPTER 1

At Jenkins University, it was nighttime, and the whole campus was pretty much closed, but the parking lot was packed. It was the Jenkins Female Choir performance led by the late thirties aged Ms. Calwiki with short brown hair, was dressed like the rest of her twenty something year old students: tight black dress pants, high heels (though Calwiki due to foot problems had to wear girlish, black dress shoes) and a white top shirt. Calwiki had long sleeves on.

Jennie, Jo, and Nikki were all brunettes. Jo had her hair in a ponytail while the other two let theirs hang down. Nikki wore a sleeveless white top to show her long, tan arms. Jennie had dress pants with thin, white lines as design down the blackness.

Lily was a tall blonde with wavy hair, Kelsey the same but with black hair, and Tyra, an African American girl with a cool attitude and brown short curly hair. She and Jennie had the roundest butts in the tight black pants.

"Everyone, five minutes," said Emily from the stage. She was on the production team. A short, punk rock girl with black straight hair, and that night had a black shirt and tight blue jeans that went over her small but nice shaped butt.

"Oh Emily!" Tyra said. "Come try these brownies Dean Maxline made for us."

Dean Maxline gave an evil smile as she spoke with Calwiki in the corner. Maxline was a very tall blonde woman who wore high heels that night with tight dark gray pants and an orange shirt.

Emily shrugged and took one, having bit into something she would regret later on. They all would. Some of their panties as well. Just cause their pants were black, didn't mean they covered stink, loads that could fall down the openings, etc.

"Girls," Calwiki called out. "Let's head on stage."

As they started to head out Maxline sucked some more of her extra large coffee with double sugar. She caught glimpse of Tyra who stood still for a moment and held her belly. She looked a bit uncomfortable.

Once on stage the girls had lined up. The auditorium was full. Calwiki finished her third brownie, they were so delicious they covered the poison inside. All the girls had felt a little antsy as a pressure built up in their lower bellies. Not pee, though some of them did have to do that as well due to drinking so much water to clear their throats to sing. Maxline drank more of her coffee and watched from the side with Emily as Calwiki turned to the audience.

"Ladies and gentlemen," she said.

"Did you just assume our gender?" Someone from the audience yelled.

Calwiki ignored it. She continued, "It is my great pleasure tonight to bring you an act of these beautiful ladies. We still-Ergh!" Calwiki moaned as she grasped her stomach as a harsh, hot tight pain shot through. Her tight legs at the knees turned inwards. "S-sorry."

As Calwiki continued, Emily from the side said, "I wonder what that was about. Is she okay?"

Dean Maxline said, "She's at where I want everyone to be. We have professionals who want to invest in our schools art program. Everyone needs an incentive to work hard."

Emily looked confused. "Dean Maxline, what do you-OOOH!" Emily moaned as she crouched down and held her stomach. Her legs staying together shut tight. She felt a heavy, burning feeling that she recognized. "What...what was that?"

Maxline smiled and sucked more on her large coffee. "Powerscrap brand ingredients added to my brownies."

"Powerscrap? Aren't they a health industry? What ingredient?"

"Chocolate super laxatives. Guaranteed to clean a stomach out."

Emily froze and her eyes widened. Her lips trembled as she felt the pain worsening. She could tell looking at the girls on stage by their faces that they were experiencing some discomfort as well.

Emily felt like she would explode. She ran from stage and to the auditorium's one ladies room. It was a single person restroom. They had a small school so most bathrooms were singles. Saved money. She reached for the door and grabbed the handle...LOCKED !

"Oh no," Emily said in fear.

Maxline came up. "Back to work now. See this is why I had to do this. I locked the bathroom because every concert someone runs off stage to go. Well if anyone wants to be able to go, you'll wait until intermission or the end. I gave laxatives to teach you all discipline as well."

The evil plan was set in motion....TO BE CONTINUED.

*006*2017-09-12 15:35

Chapter 2

Emily bounced left to right as he feet shuffled on the floor, so her body could try to contain the growing, burning load within. She started to sweat. Her tight jeans showed stretched marks at the bottom of her round butt as her legs stayed tight.

"But but Dean Maxline!" Emily said, obviously very worried. Her voice became low and scratchy. "I...I really gotta go!"

Maxline showed no sympathy. She wanted to teach these lazy millennialist some respect and hard work ethic. "Back now. Or you're only other option is to run off somewhere else to use their bathroom."

Emily looked left no right in confusion and paranoia. She squeaked. Put her hands in her pockets, grasped her fingers on the inside against her private area, and walked back with Dean Maxline with her legs tight and butt cheeks in those tight jeans moving back and forth.

Ms. Calwiki was a bit desperate at this point. She knew she needed to go to the bathroom. Really badly. She tapped her conductor stick on the podium, held her arms up, and flicked to direct the girls. They sang "A Hard Harsh Pressure." The words strained the bellies of all the poor girls.

Jennie and Tyra, next to each other in their tight black pants. Jennie had the white line design on hers, Tyra's pants were much tighter and less made of dress fabric. Both of the girls butts held so tight lines formed down their cracks and their pants went in.

Lily put her hands in her pocket as she felt her belly expand with not just poop, but from the pee filling her bladder from the water she guzzled down before. Nikki was the same way but had her hands against her crotch as she waved back and forth and crossed her legs. Kelsey had her arms tight against her sides. Jo was the same way. She remembered how bad she had to pee earlier that day, and almost wet herself in calculus. She could not have an accident.

They went on to their next song, and by this point all of the girls have felt like they had to go VERY bad for almost half an hour. Especially Tyra. Her feeling hit her before they even got on stage. Dean Maxline sucked down the rest of her coffee, and the sound of it hit Nikki and Lily the hardest since they had to pee so bad. Maxline looks down at Emily and rolled her eyes. Emily had her legs crossed and crouched down bent at the knees, bouncing up and down. She had been working all day since early morning and had to drink a couple energy drinks to keep her going. She hadn't peed all day, she could usually hold her pee a while but with the added poop desperation it had gotten impossible. Both were making the poor girl feel like she would bust any second.

In the audience, two women had gotten up as they felt their drinks from dinner had caught up with them. One, Lucy, with dark hair and sort of chubby legs in a black skirt walked to the bathrooms. She had a dark pink top as well, and black dress jacket and was in her late twenties. Behind her was an older woman, Abbie. Blonde, nice legs for an older lady, and in a black dress.

They reached the bathroom and Lucy grabbed the door knob. Locked.

She knocked. In a voice of discomfort, "Excuse me, is anyone in there?" Abbie held herself arms crossed behind as she bounced in place. Lucy knocked again as she felt her belly rumble. "Hello? Is this occupied or not? I really gotta go."

After forty five minutes, four songs, intermission had come. The audience clapped but it meant nothing to those on stage desperate out of their freaking minds at this point ready to explode into their panties and nice pants.

Emily struggled as she closed the curtain, and Calwiki and the girls ran off stage to the toilet.

Emily said to Maxline, "You gggotta let us in now."

Maxline nodded, in slight annoyance, and they went off.

Emily knew she would pop in her pants soon if she didn't take care of business. She froze at the horror. The choir of girls stood behind a very desperate Lucy and Abbie. Lucy had her hands under her skirt to plug up her pee hole that was ready to burst open and cover the floor in yellow water. Behind a faster bouncing Abbie was Jo, then Lily, Kelsey, Nikki, Tyra, and behind them all was Jamie. All the choir girls shuffled their legs and feet in place as they were only a few feet from relief.

Ms. Calwiki stood at the back of the line in disbelief with her hands in her crotch and legs inwards as they wobbled. Calwiki said in a quiet, strained voice, "This...no...no no!"

Maxline shook her head as her foot tapped and made clicks in the heels as her own discomfort started in her bladder. Emily pulled on Maxlines sleeve.

"Dean! There's no way I can wait in that line. I'm going to explode. My bladder and stomach are going to bust open."

Maxline ignored and went to unlock the bathroom. "You're instructor gets to go first."

Calwiki was desperate. But she shook her head. "No. Let my girls go first. They worked hard for tonight." They all loved Calwiki.

Right in that spot Lucy's legs shuffled faster and she bounced like a mad woman. "Oh I'm gonna pop let me through!" As she headed in she was pushed aside by Emily who had her body alarms going off. Red alert! Emergency! Emily was going to burst. Som drops has started to pop out already.

But Maxline held Emily away since she was not first. Emily fought and the girls in line squirmed and bounced as their need for a release grew. Lucy was distracted and so Abbie gave a harsh push to everyone and went inside, locked the door.

Abbie reached under her dress, pulled her panties down, planted herself on the toilet and let out a voice of relief as it all rushed out of her and hit inside the toilet bowl.

Outside the door Lucy was fighting with the handle. Emily was knocking hard. Lucy's jaw dropped as she crossed her legs for she felt her body was final,y giving up. She yelled through the door, "Hurry up already!"

Jamie yelled from the back, "Yeah we have to go back on soon."

Hey heard the toilet flush, and it increased all their desperation a more. Nikki almost passed out from the pulsing pain. Lily bounced and cried actual tears.

The door opened, but for Emily it was too late. She ran from everyone. She quickly in tiny steps went down the stairs. She moaned, "Ah, ah, an. EEEEE ah!" She slammed her body against the doors and went outside, unbuttoned her jeans, was behind the bushes and literally a second from release. BUT....lights flashed at her. She quickly stood up and buttoned her jeans, the load still inside.

It was campus police. The cop, he said, "Ms. What are you doing?"

Emily sweated. "Me?!? Um, um, uh, I, I was just looking for some glasses I lost out here before." Her legs crossed tight. She had no idea how she held in all this. She put her hands on her hips.

The cop gave her a suspicious look.

Lucy did not make it inside. Jo pushed her aside and went in and let it all out, avoiding an embarrassing accident. Lucy's eyes watered and she bit her lip as she watched someone down the hall take a sip from the water fountain and saw the streaming foreshadow do panties death. Dean Maxline stood there impatient, her hands firmly in her pockets as she tapped her foot in the heel hard.

Maxline saw they only had enough time for one more person to go. "Forget the line. I'll choose who gets to go before we go back on stage." The girls shook. She pointed at one of them as Lucy stood on the side ignored by Maxline. Maxline pointed at one of the choir girls. "You get to go next." But who was it?

To be continued....

*009*2017-09-13 17:01

Chapter 3

Emily was outside, legs crossed in her tight jeans, her private area swollen as well as her belly. Her gut had intense burning that made her scared she would explode any second. She was going to finally take a bathroom break in the bushes, but now the cop was watching her.

"Miss, you seem a bit unwell or something," he said.

Emily shook. She sweated bullets. "I-I'm...I'm fine sssir." She rubbed her back to relax her muscles. Her hips moving back and forth as slow as she could make them go. She said quietly, "I'm going to burst like a waterfall in my panties."

"Were you going to go to the bathroom in that bush? You know there are cameras around here right? And that's also illegal."

Emily had tears of agony fall from her eyes. She said, "NNNo I wasn't going-going to do that." She was dying inside.

Inside, Maxline pointed at Kelsey. "You have a solo young lady. You need focus. Go now. Fast."

After the door opened Kelsey ran in their and almost popped a mess in her panties. As the door shut Lucy tried to rush inside but the Dean placed her leg out to block the poor audience member.

Lucy bounced as her legs crossed. She pulled on her face as the pulses of agony became too much. She decided she would go outside, there was no choice, a couple drops leaked out. "I'm not gonna make it! I'm not gotta make it! Oh but I have to!"

She burst through the doors outside and was confronted by the campus cop and Emily who also shook from her desperation. Lucy sweated as her legs shook and her jaw dropped.

"Mamm are you okay?" The cop asked.

Lucy said, "I'm fine I just...I" she struggled to keep her words and thoughts together. She stared in horror as the outside sprinklers went off. Drops flung in the air and splashed. Flares of pain went into Emily and Lucy. Lucy bent over her waist as the pain was unbearable. She held herself up by the door. Emily bit her bottom lip and placed her hands against her crotch.

Tears fell from Lucy's eyes. It was coming. She felt the warm glist flow along her private part and her panties feeling a wee bit warmer.

"Miss maybe you need to see a doctor. I'll call for some fluids." The word fluids hurt her as it was water like.

"No..." she said in a breathless voice.

People started to walk back inside since intermission ended and a crowd was around her. A good half dozen stopped and stared at the struggling woman on the verge of bursting. She grew so scared and turned red as all these people might she her, a grown woman wet herself.

Emily herself had her legs crossed so tight the jeans showed her muscles. Her boiling belly was erupting as it came from the bottom of her shirt balloon belly.

"Take some water." Someone held out a water bottle to Lucy and the liquid inside flowed from bottom to top.

Lucy squirmed and said, "Ahhhhh stop please!" Her muscles weakened, oh poor woman why did the dean have to lock up the bathroom. This woman was not even in the choir.

The sprinklers still going, and she felt herself start to leak. Both of tears and the other thing. More people were focused on Lucy than Emily even though both squirmed cried and sweated desperation. They had to go SOOOOOO bad. Their panties doomed.

"Please...stop. Let me...oh nnnno" Then BOOOOOM! Lucys bladder burst, and a large stream of pee echoed out of her burning and swollen private area. "NooooOOOOOOO!" Her panties filled and were soaked and fell off her a little as the hot stream stained in a puddle around her. Her body was a faucet and people covered their mouths as liters poured out of her..The poor woman was so red and cried. Her legs, feet, heels, skirt and panties ruined from wetness. People around town who knew her and she would pass by remembering this humiliation. "Ahhhho," she moaned from the pain. She ran away humiliated. Hands over her face, something that only happens to babies. She cried, "Its not fair I was supposed to make it!"

"I have to get back to work!" Emily shouted as the sight of someone else wetting made her body automatically start to give, and as she uncrossed her legs and ran back through the door and cried, knowing she was on the verge of a major, embarrassing accident. She might actually go to the bathroom in her jeans and panties. Her legs stills tight at the private section as she squeezed her holes shut as they timer inside was about to go off. Her hands tight against her crotch.

Inside the desperate choir headed back to stage, and Emily reached the door but it was locked. She pulled in the handle and pushed her foot against the wall to pull it open. Come on you! Please God! Don't let this happen to me! It wouldn't budge. Her toilet of relief was locked. Her legs squeezed together and one went up to her chest by the knee. Step by step she backed away and felt herself about to lose it. "Oh, ah, e e ah!"

"Emily get back in here," Dean yelled. As the rest of the choir except for Jo and Kelsey squirmed on stage.

TO BE CONTINUED...

NEXT: someone else has an accident.

*013*2017-09-16 03:04

Chapter 4

Dean Maxline and Emily sat as they watched the choir perform. The voices for most sounded so off pitch. The girls were in great discomfort and desperation. Jo and Kelsey were fine cause they went, but Calwiki, the choir, Emily and even the Dean herself all desperate. Maxline had that huge coffee. She sat in her dark greenish gray pants and crossed her legs and shook them as they watched. She looked so disappointed.

"Embarrassing," Maxline said. She looked down at Emily and rolled her eyes.

Poor Emily. Her legs were brought up to her chest and crossed tight. She was sweating like crazy and crying. Every second she felt like she would explode and she held off each time. But it would not last forever. "I...can't...hold....iiit anymore." She moaned.

Lily leaped off stage in the middle of performing. She dashed but was blocked by Dean Maxline. Lily legs crossed and she bounced crying.

Lily said, "Dean please I have to pee so bad!"

"Back on stage now," Maxline demanded.

Lily kept trying to run by but each time Maxline cut her off. Lily went back to stage and stood with her desperate choir mates. As bad as she felt everyone could tell poor Tyra and Emily were the ones about to burst.

Tyra had her legs crossed, her butt cheeks going back and forth as she pulled on her hair. Her gut was on fire and she lost a couple drops already and could feel her poo squeezing out through her cheeks.

After they finished, they had one last intermission. Emily got a head start and was just turning the corner to the bathroom. It was in sight and she lit with joy...but the choir dashed in front of her and danced desperately in line.

Emily's eyes watered. She was going to crap and pee in her new panties so much.

"Dean hurry up!" Nikki who was first in line yelled.

The Dean unlocked the door and Nikki ran inside. She made it.

Next would be Tyra, then Lily, Jennie, Calwiki, and Emily last.

Tyra was dancing with her legs crossed. "Oh...my...gggod!"

"Tyra can I cut in front?" Lily begged.

Tyra said in a very sarcastic tone as she held her crotch and squirmed, "Oh sure, because I don't have to go or anything. I'm not about to have a total meltdown accident in my panties. It all evaporated and I'm fine now."

Nikki came out of the bathroom. Just as Tyra turned Lily went in and said "Thanks!"

Tyra froze and jaw dropped as the door closed. She wrestled with the handle. "Open up! Open up! Oh please I can't hold it anymore!" Tyra fell to the ground holding her stomach as it let out a loud growl that burned the inside of the girl.

"Eeeeeee!" Jennie moaned in agony. Her butt and front part so swollen her fancy pants tightened on them. Her tan skin turned pale as she kept her legs tight together and shuffled in place.

Calwiki had her legs crossed and as holding herself around her torso as she bounced. The poor conductor just bought her outfit. She looked at her boss Dean Maxline who stood from the side. Maxline looked concerned and her tall legs twitched at the knee. As her right leg curved over the other at the knee, it kicked back and her heel dangled off of her foot. Her hands against her crotch. Maxline was desperate. Her bladder felt full, hot, and hard to hold in.

"Um, excuse me?" A woman questioned from behind. Her name was Alexandra, in a tight red, short dress. Enna, a blonde in a tight black shirt and dark blue dress pants. Then Kate, a tall blonde, who had on a dark blue dress with sleeves. The dress was short, a couple inches above her knees. Alexandra said as she and the other two squirmed. "This isn't the only bathroom is it? We've come here like three times and it's always locked."

Maxline said, "Wait you three are the musical investors."

"Yes, we had a lot to drink earlier and have been trying to get to a bathroom but it always locked."

Kate crossed her legs and along with Enna squirmed up and down and said, "Ooohhh, I'm not gonna last much longer!"

Alexandra said, "Maybe we should leave early. No way we can wait in that line and avoid accidents."

"No!" Maxline said. She could not lose these investors. As Lily exited the bathroom looking relaxed Tyra was about to run in but Maxline grabbed her. "Please, go ahead of us. You're pretty much royalty here."

Tyra's heart sank. "No way! I-"But Maxline turned her and held a hand on her mouth.

"Please ladies, go ahead." Maxline felt she would burst any second as well.

"Oh nooooOOOOOO!" Tyra yelled. Her stomach had enough. She felt her stomach and bladder crack and break inside. She covered her mouth in humiliation as she felt her panties fill quickly with poop and pee. Not long after it leaked out under her pants. She squirmed and tried to stop, but her body pumped more and more, and everyone backed away as they saw the brown puddle form around her. She could not stop crying. She ran into the bathroom as the dean dropped her and locked the door. Poor Tyra went to the bathroom in her pants in front of her friends, and these musical investing legends. She sat on the toilet, a mess, and cried. Occupying the one bathroom everyone outside so desperately needed.

Jennie squirmed up and down holding her waist. "Dean Maxline," she cried.

Maxline said, "You better hold it." She kept her legs closed tight and hand at crotch and knocked on the door. "Tyra, get out here now!"

Jennie ran. She got out of sight and saw a garbage can in the hall. Jennie kicked off the top, pulled her pants down, and sat on the inside of the can as her private area burned as diarrhea and piss came out. Her belly deflated and she relaxed. Sucks for the next janitor though.

"What the?" Oh no, her butt was stuck in the garbage can. She could not pull herself out.

Three investors squirmed as their bladders expanded. Oh how humiliating for them as legends of this school it would be to wet themselves in public.

Ms. Calwiki held herself up on the side of the wall and felt her stomach explode. She shut her legs tight as hell to hold it in. "Oh noooo!" Would she make it? Sweat poured off her like a waterfall.

Emily had no idea how she would survive as at that moment, she felt a large surge of pain come over her body. "AHHHHHHHH!"....TO BE CONTINUED

*016*2017-09-16 15:26

{{12 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said:

What a great chapter can't wait to read about what's going to happen next

}}

{{11 hours ago, Ktpq said:

Nice chapter can't wait to see what happens next

}}

ATTENTION: I made detail changes. Jennie is stuck in the garbage. Calwiki hasn't had an accident yet. And instead of Enna, Kate then redhead went to go.

I have an outline lol i was sleepy when I wrote it and made mistakes.

*017*2017-09-16 19:32

I did one last edit in the above chapter everyone. I had to do what I felt was right. Creatively. Sorry.

SO NOW:

- the three investors are waiting desperate

- Calwiki stomach exploded but she did not go in her pants yet

- Emily still suffering

- Jennie went in a garbage can but is stuck in it

- Dean Maxline is on the verge of wetting herself

- Nikki, Lily, Jo, and Kelsey all went to the toilet and are fine, no accident

- Tyra had an accident and is in the bathroom crying, keeping it from everyone else to use

*018*2017-09-28 19:37

Chapter 5

Jennie pushed and pushed, but her butt from stuck in the garbage can. She was stuck, legs up, no pants on, and struggled to get out. Some of the audience had walked out to the vending machines and saw Jennie.

"Oh no," she said with anxiety.

The audience laughed and took pictures of the poor girl. Even avoiding a humiliating accident she was the victim of humiliation in the end. She cried and covered her face.

Tyra remained locked in the bathroom, her pants and panties ruined. She had filth all over, and she cried from feeling so embarrassed and like a failure.

Outside waited Dean Maxline who had her legs shuffling in place as she held her crotch tight. The tall blonde banged on the door to get Tyra out.

"Missie, get out now! There are other people very desperate." Then Maxline said in a low, scrunched up voice, "Me included."

Ms. Calwiki had her legs crossed, but her muscles were giving out. "Why did you do this Dean Maxline!"

The three desperate investors looked astounded. Alexandra asked, "Wait, why did you keep the bathroom locked?"

Maxline said, "I was trying to keep them on stage and learn discipline. I.....I....um," she could not speak as the discomfort was hard to control.

Enna had her legs crossed and arms on her side, Kate rubbed her belly as her long legs shuffled, and Alexandra was about to cry as she squirmed.

"Are there really no other bathrooms here in the building?" Kate asked in a grunted voice.

Maxline started to sweat. Her nerves made her full bladder pains worse.

Maxline said, "There is a custodians lavatory in his office. But I don't have the access for that."

"Dean Maxline!" Emily squealed in agony. Her belly was so full it popped out under her shirt and showed her belly button on her tan stomach. Her lips trembled and eyes watered as a major pulse of pain echoed from her bladder and belly through her whole body. "I'm going to have an accident!" Emily was the smallest out of all of them and in the worst pain. She had held it the longest as well. She already felt a couple warm drops in her panties. Some leaked.

Enna ran to the bathroom door, her pants tight over her butt. Her pants tight over her swollen crotch as well. A drop shot out into her underwear and she felt it drizzle down her leg. Enna banged on the door like a madwoman.

She said, "Missie let us in please! We can't have an accident, we're professionals and this will get around to everyone."

"Oh...oh no," Alexandra cried. She held her crotch and legs tight. "Oh no, oh no, NOOOOOO! PLEASE NOOOO!" Her red dress darkened all over instantly as her bladder popped and shot rivers of pee out. Streams leaked from the bottom of her dress and she covered her mouth and cried in humiliation.

Dean Maxline couldn't stand seeing another person we themselves. It caused her agony! She held her crotch with both hands and shook back and forth. Everyone else squirmed and bounced as they held themselves. Emily had her legs twisted together crossed, arms crossed on her stomach and chest. She bit her bottom lip as she felt herself moments from giving out.

"Ah, ah, eee!" Calwiki yelled in terror. Her stomach hurt as if on fire as her exploded gut shot out loads of poop and pee that filled her pants fast and large. An accident, in front of these legends, her students, boss, she couldn't contain the release of the load. "Ow, ow, oooowwwww!"

Kate and Enna ran in fear. They had to find another bathroom. Emily bounced around in agony as two more squirts in her pants came out. A line could be seen on her dark jeans. She could not wait much longer.

TO BE CONTINUED....

