Y'shtola and the Warrior of Light (A FFXIV Omo fic)

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2020-03-23 14:40

As a forewarning, this is a super self-indulgent fanfiction staring Y'shtola Rhul from Final Fantasy XIV, and a nondescript female miqo'te Warrior of Light. This has a super-slow buildup because not only did I want to establish the premise well and build upon Y'shtola's relationship with the Warrior of Light. Ostensibly I didn't describe or name the Warrior of Light so anyone can insert their own designs in their mind, but she is female and a miqo'te (FFXIV's catgirl/catboy race where they're like nekomimis. Just ears and tails with otherwise mostly human features) and she has a very distinct personality that is pretty much based on my own headcanon for my character in the game (like I said, very self-indulgent), so be forewarned.

Also I'm not gonna stop you from reading this story if you don't know about the story or play FFXIV, but I go really hardcore into the lore and story in places so if you've never played the game up to pretty much the middle/end of 5.0's story, there's probably gonna be a lot going over your head (have I mentioned yet this was super self-indulgent?). I will likely come back to this once in a while and add more chapters, probably ones shorter than this one because i won't have to set things up so much, but this is totally a pet project because I freaking love Y'shtola and I will try to focus more on my other stories unless this gets a following.

Out of curiosity, I wonder what the three-way venn-diagram of FFXIV fans, omorashi lovers, and whiskey drinkers looks like. Because if you're at the center of that chart like I am, you'll probably really like this story.

Y’shtola Rhul was often teased by the Warrior of Light that, of all the female Scions, she was the most serious. Y’shtola herself, of course, took exception to that. Not only were some of the examples the Warrior of Light would cite not even Scions, like Krile, and Lyse, who masqueraded as her late sister for the longest time, but Y’shtola was positive that Minfilia, as the leader of the scions and the antecedent, was far more serious.

Even back in the earliest of their shared history, the Warrior of Light had taken an instant liking to Y’shtola. Perhaps it was because she had initially started her journey in Limsa Lominsa, and thus the white-haired Miqo’te had been her first contact among the Scions. Or perhaps it was because they were both similar. Both Miqo’te- Seekers of the Sun, no less- who had taken to dabbling in the healing arts. Of course, eventually the Warrior of Light had picked up a myriad of other skills, but found herself dabbling most often in White Magic, which as far as Y’shtola was concerned was similar enough to her conjury that she had a fundamental understanding of her friend’s strongest abilities. Whatever the case, the Warrior of Light was by far closer to Y’shtola than any of the other Scions.

Perhaps it was because of that, or perhaps because of other reasons, but Y’shtola felt compelled to disprove the Warrior of Light’s perception of her. Still, perceptions were not easily shaken by word alone, so Y’shtola’s only real option was to prove to her dear friend that she was, in fact, not near as serious as her scholarly air might convey.

That had been her intention when the Warrior of Light had asked her to join her for some “unwinding”. Which, Y’shtola found out rather quickly, involved a quick trip to the nearest tavern, and copious amounts of drinking.

Currently, the Warrior of Light- or as she was known in the World of the First, the Warrior of Darkness- was spinning a grandiose tale of her adventures to the other patrons, and doing quite a bit of embellishing at that. Y’shtola had been present when the Warrior of Light went face-to-face with the time-controlling primal Alexander, and she certainly didn’t remember him having a transformation sequence, of all things.

“And so, there we were, pushed to the brink. Alexander no longer had patience for our resistance, and my party had been pushed to our limits of endurance. He began entrapping us in large, golden cages which froze our movement. Trapped us in a moment of time. One by one, he targeted us, and we thought it over. However, our myriad spells and strikes hit their mark. It had been the closest fight of my life, but Alexander had taken too much damage. Before the final cages could fall over us, we struck the final blow and felled the primal once and for all!”

The Warrior of Light raised a flagon of ale in the air triumphantly to punctuate her final point and the patrons listening to her story all cried out, cheering.

Y’shtola shook her head as she sipped on a tulip-shaped glass filled with her beverage of choice- whiskey. The Warrior of Light had expressed surprise over Y’shtola’s willingness not only to drink, but in her choice of beverage as well.

While the Warrior of Light was fond of ales and the occasional wine, Y’shtola took some pride in her refined taste for the aged spirits. Whiskey in particular was an incredibly diverse pick that she herself had taken a liking to. From the smoky whiskeys of Ishgard, which had easy access to the Dravanian Forelands and the abundance of peat moss there, to the sweet whiskeys of Ul’dah with their access to millioncorn from the New Continent, Y’shtola had yet to pass a whiskey of high quality past her lips that she found unpalatable. Even here, in the First, they produced unique whiskeys with a buttery flavor and a silky, sweet mouthfeel.

While the Warrior of Light soaked in the glory of her well-received story, Y’shtola turned to the barkeep.

“Excuse me,” she spoke, “As you might already be aware, I do not hail from these lands, and my isolation in the Greatwood has left me in an ill position to learn of the drinks of this realm. Could you, perchance, tell me how this exceptional whiskey is produced? I’ve never tasted anything quite like it.”

“Oh, that?” the bartender pointed at the bottle from which she had poured Y’shtola’s current glass, “That’s Dwarven Whiskey. They get most of their grain by tradin’ with the Eulmorans. Even when that right bastard Vauthry was runnin’ things, they still needed ores from the mines. But the Eulmorans were stingy with the malted barley. So ya know what them clever buggers did? They started using unmalted barley in their whiskey. The Eulmorans didn’t see much use for unmalted barleycorns. Can’t do much with it, so they practically gave it away. Became a staple of Dwarven style whiskey.”

“Intriguing, so the unique flavor is from the use of unmalted barley,” Y’shtola smiled. Even when letting loose a little and drinking, she was still a scholar first and foremost. She appreciated learning in all forms. Having learned a bit of new information, the white-haired Miqo’te took a contented sip.

“Shtoooola~” the Warrior of Light came sauntering back, very clearly inebriated.

Y’shtola herself glanced away and blushed. For Seekers of the Sun Miqo’te, dropping the first letter in their name, their tribe letter, was a sign of intimacy. Surely as a Seeker herself, the Warrior of Light, even in her drunken state, would be aware of this.

“Y-yes?” Y’shtola asked, sounding halfway between exasperated and embarrassed.

“I’m baaaack!”

“I noticed.”

“Sorry, got caught up in the atmosphere.”

“Don’t trouble yourself over it. If I recall, the last time we sat down to have lunch in Slitherborough, my attention was equally divided due to my responsibilities,” Y’shtola shrugged off, “Besides, you are the Warrior of Darkness, after all. You’re practically a celebrity here in the Crystarium.”

“I know, but I dragged you here to hang and wound up running off,” the Miqo’te adventurer retorted, a somewhat apologetic look flashing across her face. It was quickly replaced, however, with curiosity when she spied the tulip glass in Y’shtola’s hands, “Oh, whatcha drinkin’?”

“This is dwarven whiskey,” Y’shtola answered as though she hadn’t herself just learned that piece of information, “Care for a sip?”

“Ooohh, sure!”

“Careful,” Y’shtola replied, “It’s quite a bit stronger than the ale I know you’re accustomed to.”

“Pfft,” the Warrior of Light shrugged off, “I’ve had spirits before, I just prefer ales, is all.”

The Warrior of Light took a rather large sip from the tulip glass, letting the whiskey sit in her mouth for a moment to taste it before she swallowed it down. She let out an unaccustomed cough and Y’shtola let a knowing smirk grace her lips.

“What’s with that look?”

Y’shtola had the mind to mask her expression a moment too late. The Warrior of Light had seen her teasing gaze. The Warrior of Light had a competitive streak and always seemed to have something to prove. Y’shtola knew her friend well, and was dreading what would come next.

“Do you, Y’shtola Rhul, think that I cannot handle a bit of dwarven whiskey?”

“Oh no, I wasn’t implying-”

“I was caught off by the strong spirit after drinking ale all night, but it seems like you believe me to be incapable of drinking stronger stuff.”

Y’shtola let out a sigh, “I assure you I was only-”

“Barkeep!” the Warrior of Light called, “Bring me a bottle of your strongest dwarven whiskey!”

“Why o’ course, only the best for our very own Warrior o’ Darkness!” the barkeeper clapped, turning to the shelf. She pulled a bottle from near the top, and placed it on the counter next to the Warrior of Light. Then she produced a tulip glass identical to the one Y’shtola had been given, “This is Tomra’s infamous Devil’s Cask. 66.6% ABV. Finished in white oak barrels grown in areas with an abundance of fire-aspected aether.”

Y’shtola watched her friend fill her tulip glass with a heavy pour, then turned towards her.

“Are you prepared to match me drink for drink on this battlefield?”

“Of course not! Perish the thought from your mind, I-”

Y’shtola still had most of her faculties, and they all told her this was a terrible, awful, horrible idea that should not be entertained. Yet had Y’shtola herself not come here to prove to the Warrior of Light that she was capable of casting aside her more serious nature?

“Oi! The Warrior of Darkness and Master Matoya of the Night’s Blessed are about to have a drinking contest!”

“Is ‘at true? The Warrior of Darkness is gonna go toe to toe with Matoya?”

“I didn’ think Matoya was that much of a drinker, myself.”

“I didn’t think the Warrior of Darkness did either, but then she went toe-to-toe with Giott and tied her!”

Y’shtola’s ears flattened as she heard the gossip around the bar. While she hardly fancied this much attention on her, least of all for a drinking contest, she knew the Warrior of Light had one weakness. Spectacle. If her embellished storytelling was any indication, the Warrior of Light enjoyed being the center of attention, and now that the patrons were eagerly anticipating a drinking contest, Y’shtola was worried her dear friend wouldn’t take no for an answer, even if Y’shtola voiced her objections.

On the other hand, if Y’shtola humored her friend, she’d give the Warrior of Light what she wanted, and at the same time disprove to her that she was incapable of having some fun and letting go of her inhibitions.

“Very well, I’ll humor this spectacle,” Y’shtola agreed, finishing off the last sip in her glass and matching the Warrior of Light’s heavy pour, “Do not expect overmuch from me.I am not accustomed to drinking in the volumes you or your dwarven friend do habitually.”

The two downed their first glasses simultaneously, and the contest began. A crowd was already starting to form, and the barkeep had procured some manner of chalkboard from gods-know-where, and was keeping tally.

Y’shtola had never had the Devil’s Cask before. It was certainly an experience. The iconic undertones of dwarven whiskey were still present. The unmistakable buttery, sweet flavor still danced across her tongue, but it was punctuated quite distinctly with wood spice and a distinct smoky flavor. Not of the peated whiskeys of other regions, but instead a wood smoke, sweet and savory that reminded her of meats cooked slowly over a smoldering wood fire. There was also the harshness of the alcohol, burning as it hit her tongue and slipped down her throat. It was more than what she was accustomed to, for sure, but nothing she couldn’t handle.

For what it was worth, the Warrior of Light seemed to have also quickly grown accustomed to the higher-level spirit. She downed her first glass without the slightest hint of discomfort and grabbed the bottle to pour off a second. Y’shtola did the same, once again ensuring she matched her friend’s volume, and the two both took their second shots.

“That’s the spirit!” the Warrior of Light grinned over the table at Y’shtola, “Who knew you had it in you?”

“Oh hush,” Y’shtola shook her head, “Do not fool yourself into thinking any part of this was my idea. I’m merely indulging your whims.”

With each shot, the bar’s patrons cheered and egged both of them on, though the overwhelming majority were supporting the Warrior of Darkness. Y’shtola wasn’t envious of all the attention her friend was getting, and it was better from the first if everyone was cheering for the person who was undoubtedly going to win this contest. There was no doubt in Y’shtola’s mind that the Warrior of Light could hold her booze way better than she herself could.

Yet the atmosphere was jovial, the Warrior of Light was laughing and cracking jokes with a giant, lopsided smirk plastered across her face, and Y’shtola would be lying of she said she wasn’t enjoying herself, in spite of how silly she thought this whole contest was in the first place.

Still, it didn’t take long for Y’shtola to start feeling the effects of the alcohol. She had forewarned that she was not accustomed to drinking heavily, something that was becoming increasingly apparent. 5 glasses in, and the white-haired miqo’te could already feel her mind hazing over in full-on drunkenness. Earlier she had been a little tipsy, pleasantly so, and while in her current state she wouldn’t say she was uncomfortable, she could feel how sluggish and unfocused she had become.

Not only was the alcohol hitting Y’shtola’s faculties, but she was also feeling its effects in her abdomen as well. Alcohol was a diuretic. It stimulated the kidneys and inhibited the reuptate of water back into the body. Naturally, not usually one for heavy drinking, Y’sthola hadn’t exactly experienced this effect firsthand, aside from maybe a few more trips to the bathroom than she was used to on nights she indulged, but now the effect was becoming rather obvious.

“Here’s some water for you two, dears,” the barkeep provided, “Your not drinkin’ ale, ya gotta make sure to stay hydrated!”

The Warrior of Light downed her glass of water in one go, and Y’shtola felt compelled to do the same. Initially it seemed like adding liquid to her body, considering her current discomfort, was counterproductive. However, her need was only a nagging feeling, and the faster Y’shtola got this over with, the sooner she could slip off to the bathroom anyway.

“Ya know, ‘Shtola,” the Warrior of Light spoke after their next round of shots, “I never thought you’d go for something like this.”

“W-well, I did say I wasn’t as… incapable of letting loose and unwinding as you had stated,” Y’shtola replied, slightly flustered and less eloquent than she normally tried to be. Grateful she was that alcohol made her face red, for it did well to hide the blush creeping up on her cheeks.

There was the ‘Shtola slip-up again, and Y’shtola was starting to think it was more than a mistake made in the Warrior of Light’s inebriation. There was no way the Warrior of Light DIDN’T know about the Seekers of the Sun’s traditions, right? Even assuming the Warrior of Light hadn’t been raised in one of the tribes, and was orphaned elsewhere, surely she was socially literate enough to have picked up that piece of knowledge somewhere before.

Right?

Y’sthola, in her drunken state, focused her mind as best she could and tried to consider the possibilities. Maybe the Warrior of Light didn’t know. Maybe she was just shortening her name out of convenience and drunkenness, and that was all there was to it. Maybe the Warrior of Light was trying to send the message that she saw the white-haired Miqo’te as a sister. After all, Y’shtola herself called Y’mhitra “‘Mhitra”, as was customary for members of the same tribe.

Or perhaps the Warrior of Light was using it’s most intimate context. When anyone outside the tribe called a Seeker of the Sun by their first name, but dropped their tribe’s letter, it was a sign of romantic interest and/or sexual intimacy.

That couldn’t be it. Absolutely not. Y’shtola knew she was drunk for even entertaining such a possibility.

Right?

“Shtola, you okay?”

Y’sthola snapped out of her concentration and looked up at the Warrior of Light, who was leaning over the table to get a better look at her face, tilting her head in confusion.

“I’m fine, m-my apologizes,” Y’shtola dismissed, “I am… quite a bit more drunk than I am accustomed to.”

For some reason, that elicited a huge grin from the Warrior of Light. Perhaps she enjoyed the idea of the oh-so-serious Y’shtola Rhul being brought down a few notches by alcohol. Or perhaps she was just happy her friend was enjoying one of her indulgences.

However, Y’shtola saying she was fine was a bit of a white lie. Though she wasn’t about to say she wasn’t enjoying her time with the Warrior of Light, at least a little bit, her bladder’s constant nagging was becoming more noticeable over time. She shifted in her seat a little and tried to be as subtle as possible, finding a position that took some pressure off her abdomen.

“How much more do you think you can handle?” The Warrior of Light asked, a competitive smirk spreading across her face.

“Oh please, you and I both know who’s going to win this,” Y’shtola replied, rolling her eyes, “But far be it from me to give up before you’ve had your fun. I knew from the first a peaceful resignation was never an option. If I gave up now I’d never hear the end of it from you.”

“You know me so well,” the Warrior of Light replied in a sing-song voice.

It was clear, however, that both of them were nearing the height of their drunkenness. The contest was slowing down, and while they had breezed through the first five shots, the next three came a bit slower, interspersed with more glasses of water to stave off the inevitable dehydration that would come later. The bar’s patrons had stopped chanting and cheering every round, and the crowd had even thinned out a little. Not that Y’shtola minded the slower, more quiet atmosphere. Contest or no, she had ostensibly come here to spend time with the Warrior of Light.

Currently, Y’shtola was nursing her 9th glass, which she had been sipping at rather than taking a straight shot of. She felt dazed and warm like she was dreaming a pleasant dream, wrapped up in blankets. Her mind drifted to and fro, and she had, in the moment at least, all but forgotten about the pressure building in her bladder.

Not that she couldn’t feel it. From an outsider’s perspective, were they paying close enough attention, they would see her legs shifting slightly on the barstool as she swayed a little. It was subtle hints at her less-than-subtle need, but in her drunken state she had pushed the sensation to the back of her hazy mind and there it sat, nagging her while not bothering her, alerting her of the ever-growing volume of urine within her while she ignored it in favor of the contest and her friend.

“Sho, how have things been going in Sh-Slo-Slitherborough?” the Warrior of Light asked, slurring her speech as a testament to how drunk she must be.

“They’ve been running more-or-less smoothly. During my stay in the Crystarium, Rungar and the remaining Night’s Blessed have done a good job taking over. A good thing, since once we return to the Source, I’d have to leave them behind anyway.”

Y’shtola let a bittersweet smile spread across her face, which the Warrior of Light picked up on almost immediately.

“Don’t be sad,” the Warrior of Light comforted, “I know you don’t want to leave Rungar behind, but there are more big, burly cat boys running around in the Source. You’ll find someone else!”

That had caught Y’shtola off-guard, and she was regretting deciding just then to take a sip of her whiskey. She coughed as it hit the back of her throat and felt her bladder spasm from the pressure. She managed to avoid leaking, but now the feeling of her full bladder was back in the forefront of her mind.

Or at least, it would’ve been, if not for what the Warrior of Light had just said.

“I assure you, me and Rungar have no such relationship,” Y’shtola retorted, perhaps a bit more forward and aggressively than she would have liked to come across.

The Warrior of Light, in her teasing mood, leaned forwards and placed her cheeks in her hands and her elbows down on the table. A cheshire grin spread across the Warrior of Light’s features.

“It’s fine, ‘Shtola, you can tell me the truth! I shee how Rungar looks at you, and don’ think I’ve forgotten how he held you after Emet-Selch pulled you from the Lifestream after we thought you dead.”

Y’shtola closed her eyes in a mix of exasperation and embarrassment.

“I-,” Y’shtola paused, taking far longer to gather her thoughts in her drunken state than she was accustomed to, “I’m not dense, I know, or at least have suspected for quite some time, that Rungar has feelings for me. However, that does not mean I feel the same way about him. At the same time, I respect him as a friend and as a leader. I thought it would complicate matters overmuch if I were to address his feelings for me directly. So I’ve been doing my best to ignore his hints towards me, and hoping he doesn’t strike up the courage to ask me directly.”

“Yeah, we don’t need Rungar to be on the receiving end of ‘Little Sun Part 2’,” the Warrior of Light smirked.

Y’shtola herself couldn’t help but smirk a little at the joke, “Indeed. While Magnai’s god-complex needed a bit of a reality check, I fear the same approach with Rungar would be neither deserved nor well-received. I fear ‘twould break the poor man’s heart.”

The two laughed together, finishing off their ninth glasses of whiskey, and the Warrior of Light reached for the bottle again. Y’sthola felt a surge of pressure from her bladder and the hazy cloud in her mind, and held up a hand.

“I am quite done here, I think. I know my limits,” Y’shtola acquiesced, “I wish neither to make myself sick nor pass out unceremoniously. And while I realize that is generally what people expect of these contests, I don’t think we’ll be disappointing many people.”

Y’shtola motioned to the bar, which had grown quite empty, and the handful of patrons aside from themselves who were still there had all but lost interest in the contest.

“Very well then,” the Warrior of Light smirked, pouring herself another glass before downing it all at once, “Looks like I win, then!”

One patron at the back let out a half-hearted, drunken cheer, and with that the Warrior of Light placed her glass down on the table.

“Sorry for such an anticlimactic ending to our contest,” Y’shtola apologized.

“It’s alright. I’m accustomed to having drinking contests with ale, anyway. It’s much more of a spectacle and you can drink in greater volumes, so it becomes far more entertaining. ‘Sides, the atmosphere just kinda died down. Gotta go with the flow, ya know?”

Y’shtola nodded, and then immediately her bladder sent another wave of protest through her body. Even in her drunken state, she could no longer ignore her need, which had grown from nagging to pressing to urgent over the contest.

She was about to excuse herself to head to the restroom when the barkeep banged on a small gong on the counter.

“Alrigh’ you sorry saps! Closin’ time! Ya don’t hav’ta go home but ya can’t stay here! Everybody out!”

Drunken mumbles and grumbles echoed through the now mostly empty bar as the remaining patrons shuffled drunkenly to the door. Y’shtola briefly wondered if she had time to use the facilities before leaving, but her question was answered rather swiftly. A tall viera, or viis as they were known in the first, made her way towards the restroom signs and the barkeep clapped her hands.

“Door’s that way, hun.”

“I’m just goin’ to the restroom first!”

“No can do,” the barkeep shook her head, “Closin’ time means closin’ time. I’ve let people do that before an’ had bastards pass out in one o’ the stalls or hide out to try to sneak some booze after hours. Not sayin’ that’s what you’re gonna do, but I ain’t takin’ chances.”

“Fine, fine,” the viera gave up without much protest, turning around and heading to the door. Perhaps she hadn’t needed to go that bad, but the same could not be said for Y’shtola, who was discouraged at the rejection.

The Warrior of Light stood up and stretched, raising one arm straight in the air and rubbing her shoulder with the other one. Y’shtola could hear her bones pop from sitting still for so long. She also noticed, due to the Warrior of Light’s penchant for wearing revealing outfits, a noticeable bulge protruding from her lower abdomen.

Come to think of it, not only had the Warrior of Light been matching Y’shtola glass for glass, including water, but even prior to that, she had been indulging in copious amounts of ale while Y’shtola had stuck to her whiskey. And yet, while Y’shtola was dreading having to stand up at all, the Warrior of Light displayed no outward discomfort.

Amazed, but not in the least bit surprised by her friend’s display of endurance on yet another level, Y’shtola steeled herself and stood up. The movement jolted her bladder and sent a strong spasm of desperation shooting through her abdomen. She pressed her thighs tightly together as her tail twitched uncomfortably behind her.

Standing had been the first challenge, but as Y’shtola would soon realize, walking was also going to be a bit of a dauntless task. She was seriously drunk, moreso than she was typically accustomed to being. Walking required a certain level of coordination and finesse that she, in her current state, barely possessed.

What made it harder was the fact that, not only was she drunk, but she was drunk and desperate to pee. Her bladder had filled up significantly over the night and the alcohol was only expediting that process. The walk from the Crystarium’s bar and her room in the Pendants was not an overly lengthy one, but Y’shtola hadn’t even made it out the door and she was already struggling.

Suddenly and abruptly, Y’shtola felt the warm contact of skin beside her as the Warrior of Light slipped underneath one of her arms and supported her.

“You seemed a bit shaky, and I’m much more accustomed to being drunk than you are,” the Warrior of Light explained.

“Thank you,” Y’shtola nodded appreciatively.

The two made their way down the stairs and towards the bar’s entrance. Since the bar was built into the Crystarium, rather than a completely walled-off area, there was a small fence-like partition that surrounded the bar, and the bar itself opened up to the outside.

The second they stepped out of the bar and into the small open area that lead to the pendants, Y’shtola heard a frustrated cursing coming from a nearby bush. She turned her head and watched as the viera from earlier who had tried to go to the restroom before leaving the bar was ripping off her bottoms, cursing as leaks of urine dripped onto the ground even before she squatted. Y’shtola looked away in embarrassment, but she could hear the loud hissing that followed, and could only imagine the viera, throwing her head back in relief as she let her full bladder’s contents flow out of her.

Y’shtola wanted nothing more than to do the same, her bladder sending strong waves of desperation through her to encourage her, but there was no way she was going to resort to that in such a public area. She imagined the viera herself either had little choice or was too drunk to care, but even in Y’shtola’s inebriation, there was no way she’d ever bring herself to that.

“You know what, that looks good,” the Warrior of Light replied, unabashedly watching the viera openly pissing outside, “I might need to do the same thing.”

To emphasize her point, the Warrior of Light rubbed her swollen abdomen, and showed her first outward signs of desperation to Y’shtola.

“I also have to go,” Y’shtola replied, “But it would be far more becoming of both of us if we were to wait until we returned to our rooms, don’t you think.”

“Of course,” the Warrior of Light conceded, and Y’shtola thought that to be the end of it, but then the Warrior of Light pressed her thighs together and let out a desperate groan, “But I’m not sure if I’m gonna make that trip with all those stairs. Plus it’s not the first time I’ve had to pee outside, being an adventurer and all.”

Y’shtola frowned. Not only did she not want the famous Warrior of Darkness to get caught peeing outside a bar, not 2 yalms from the entrances to the Pendants and the privacy of her inn room no less, but now that Y’shtola had confirmed the Warrior of Light was feeling the effects of the bulge in her abdomen, she had secretly hoped they could share in their suffering together. Y’shtola wanted the two of them to make it up to their respective inn-rooms, supporting each other and holding it together, and then finally get to relieve themselves properly in an actual bathroom.

“I’ll be right back,” the Warrior of Light replied, hobbling desperately over to a more secluded bush than the one the viera had opted for, but still one that was out in the open. She already had her hands digging under her short skirt for her pantalettes when Y’shtola called out with the only thing she knew would stop her friend’s actions.

“Sure. If you don’t think you can hold it, far be it from me to stop you,” Y’shtola replied smugly.

The Warrior of Light froze in her tracks, dropping her skirt and standing up straight.

“What was that?”

Got her.

The first time Y’shtola had teased the Warrior of Light’s competitive nature, it had been accidental and resulted in the drinking contest. Now however, it was very much intentional.

“I simply said that you don’t have a choice if you can’t hold it. You did say you weren’t sure if you could make the trip back to your inn room, after all,” Y’shtola smirked.

“I was exaggerating. Of course I can make it back up,” the Warrior of Light protested. Her desperate squirming as she asserted her point and her tail, which was flicking back and forth uncomfortably, undermined her statement.

“No, no, don’t let me stop you from relieving yourself if you truly cannot wait any longer. I’ll head up to my inn room and relieve myself properly,” Y’shtola replied, hobbling her way towards the Pendant’s entrance. Walking was quite a bit more difficult without the Warrior of Light supporting her, but luckily she hadn’t made it that far before the Warrior of Light had caught up to her, supporting her again.

“Oh, what are you doing?” Y’shtola teased, a knowing expression flashing across her face, “I thought you were going to resort to your adventurer’s method of using the bush?”

“With the way you’re walking, you wouldn’t make it five steps up before tripping over yourself and pissing all over the staircase,” the Warrior of Light shot back, “Besides, I can hold it. I just didn’t want to, is all.”

The two made their way to the entrance of the Pendants and nodded at the overnight receptionist. They both already had rooms, so all they had to do was head up the stairs and down the winding halls to where they were both staying.

The climb was definitely difficult for Y’shtola. Each step up put extra pressure on her full bladder, and it didn’t help that the Warrior of Light herself was letting out soft moans of desperation. Y’shtola, being so close to the Warrior of Light now, could hear her ragged, labored breathing, that hitched in her throat every time they took a step, likely from her fighting the urge to leak each time. As they climbed, it was the Warrior of Light who broke the silence, likely in an attempt to get her mind off her urgent need.

“So, you really don’t like Rungar, you and him aren’t in a relationship?” the Warrior of Light asked.

“O-of course not,” Y’shtola turned her head away, blushing, “W-why would you ask that now, of all times?”

“I’m just curious,” the Warrior of Light answered, “You two seemed close, so I kind of assumed there was something going on there.”

“I would’ve told you,” Y’shtola replied, “If there was anything between us, I mean. You’re my friend after all.”

“You don’t tell me much about yourself,” the Warrior of Light shot back, “You don’t talk much about your hobbies, or your interests outside of your work in the Scions. Hell, you didn’t even tell me about your eyes. Y’mhitra had to tell me about your eyes, ‘Shtola! I had no idea you like whiskey before tonight, even. You expect me to believe for a second that if you were off dating Rungar or whoever that you’d just up and tell me without me having to tease it out. Gods I have to pee!”

Y’shtola didn’t have anything to say to that. She fell into silence as she and the Warrior of Light cleared the first flight of spiralling stairs. Two more to go for the Warrior of Light, and four more to go for Y’shtola herself.

Y’shtola found herself more focused on the Warrior of Light’s words to her, and in that slip of concentration, her body fought back. She felt a small leak escape into her smallclothes under her robe and squeaked in desperation. She doubled over, and the Warrior of Light looked down at her.

“You okay?”

“Y-yeah, I’ll be fine, just nearly leaked a little,” Y’shtola lied, too embarrassed to admit she was no longer dry under her long black dress.

The two started up the next flight of stairs, and the Warrior of Light spoke up again.

“Sorry about snapping earlier.”

“No, you had the right of it,” Y’shtola admitted, “It is not my wont to open up to people. Even those I consider friends. It is a quality many around me find infuriating. And truthfully, I no longer wish to be so aloof. Tonight was one of my attempts at that, and look where that’s gotten us. Two drunken fools clinging to each other, on the verge of wetting ourselves like kittens.”

“I had fun, though,” the Warrior of Light admitted, “I’d do this every night if it meant getting to see your fun side a little more. But seriously, I am still sorry for snapping. I guess I was just a bit… jealous, to be honest.”

Y’shtola, in surprise, glanced over to her inebriated friend, only to find that she was averting her gaze with a face ablaze as though imbued with fire-attuned aether, and Y’shtola had a feeling that was not entirely due to her exertion from holding what had to have been at least 3 or 4 pints of liquid in her bladder.

“Jealous? Of what, pray tell?” Y’shtola asked.

“I… I mean... I was trying to… I kind of wasn’t… Since I thought you might have been interested in Rungar I didn’t really think...“ the Warrior of Light continued to dance around her words, almost as vigorously as she was dancing in desperation as they continued up the steps, “Oh to hells with it. I like you, ‘Shtola. Romantically, I mean. I’ve kinda liked you for a while now, to be honest.”

Y’shtola wasn’t sure how to respond to the Warrior of Light’s confession. She had been completely blindsided and stunned into silence. The two made their way up the last few stairs and the Warrior of Light broke off from Y’shtola, taking a few steps back towards the hallway where her inn room was.

“F-forget I said that. Sorry, I should-”

Y’shtola was drunk, desperate to pee, and overwhelmed. Her head was spinning. Her heart was racing. Her bladder was screaming at her to stop holding in the venerable flood that was growing ever closer to bursting out of her.

Yet, she had been the first to move.

Somewhere in her alcohol-adled mind, she surged with pride. She was standing in the hallway of the Pendants, in another world entirely removed from her own, kissing the Warrior of Light and Darkness who had saved the world, both worlds, countless times over.

“W-w-w-w-w-w-what was that?” the Warrior of Light. The ever-composed, cocky, strong-willed Warrior of Light herself, had been reduced to a stammering, squirming, blushing mess.

“A kiss. Surely you’re aware of them,” Y’shtola replied, a teasing smirk creeping up on her face.

“T-that’s not what I meant! I mean… you just kissed me.”

“That is what just happened, yes.”

“I mean… you… I just confessed to you that I… that I like you… and then you… kissed me,” the Warrior of Light replied.

“As much as I would love to sit here and listen to you drunkenly summarize the events of tonight, I don’t think either of us have the time to do that in our current states,” Y’shtola replied, making no attempts to hide her desperation as she danced in the hallway.

“I’m drunk and I have to pee, stop teasing me,” the Warrior of Light protested, “B-but… if you kissed me, then does that mean you also like me?”

“That is a complicated question,” Y’shtola admitted, “Truthfully, I haven’t really given romance much thought. In the past, I’ve near-universally shrugged off-- or worse-- any and all romantic advances made towards me. I have always been content with my interpersonal relationships thus far, though as I admitted I do feel bad for my tendency to keep myself closed off to even those I consider friends.”

“Oh,” the Warrior of Light replied dully, slumping her shoulders dejectedly.

“However, you are… different. I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t interested in you. Or attracted to you, both to your physical appearance and your intrinsic qualities. You are an incredibly strong, powerful, and kind person that I find myself looking up to on a number of occasions. And in truth I do find members of the fairer sex more appealing to the eyes. I think ultimately I would be willing to test the proverbial waters, as it were, and pursue a more intimate relationship with you.”

That brought a huge grin back to the Warrior of Light. She hugged Y’shtola tightly, perhaps a little too tightly, as Y’shtolas overfull bladder spasmed in protest, and returned Y’shtola’s earlier kiss with a peck on the miqo’te’s cheek.

“I really, really like you, ‘Shtola! I’m so happy to hear you kinda like me too!”

“Very well. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to attempt to return to my inn room before the contents of my bladder explode onto the floor.”

“Oh, hey, my inn room’s closer, You should use mine instead.”

Y’shtola didn’t have the mind, nor time to protest. The two rushed down the hall towards the Warrior of Light’s inn room. The larger inn rooms were the ones at the end of the hall, so there was a price to pay for the Crystal Exarch’s generosity and showing of hospitality. By the time they reached the inn room proper, both Y’shtola and the Warrior of Light were dancing in place, hands jammed between their legs, fighting to keep dry.

“Damn,” the Warrior of Light cursed, “I just remembered there’s only one bathroom.”

“Which one of us is going in first?” Y’shtola asked, dancing around. There was an unspoken second layer to her question. The two were both so desperate that it was likely that whoever went second would not make it.

“You can,” the Warrior of Light offered, “It’s my fault for holding us up for so long. And the drinking contest was my idea in the first place.”

Y’shtola shook her head, “You’ve had that huge bulge since before leaving the bar, you should go first.”

As much as she wanted to relieve herself, it was clear the Warrior of Light was in a much sorrier state. Her bladder was visibly distended and she was dancing around much more frantically than Y’shtola herself. Not that Y’shtola had the confidence that she would be able to hold it for much longer either, but it was clear that between the two of them, the Warrior of Light was far more desperate.

“Alright. I’ll try to be quick, but no promises.”

The Warrior of Light hobbled into the bathroom and left Y’shtola dancing in the middle of the inn room. She raised one leg, and then the other, while rubbing her abdomen and squeezing her thighs together. Anything that would lessen the desperation swelling up within her. Her body was fighting her every step. Her bladder was spasming and screaming at her mind to let it out. Her muscles were practically aching from pushing back against the inevitable flood.

Suddenly, a particularly violent spasm shot through Y’shtola’s body and she let out another leak. Longer this time, and it brought her right to the limit. There was no more holding it for her. There was no way she was going to make it until the Warrior of Light emptied her own bladder, not with that giant bulge. Still, Y’shtola did not want to piss all over the floor. She had to find something.

Looking around, she saw nothing that could be used as a receptacle. There were two small tea cups on the table, but Y’shtola was sure their volume would run out before the contents of her bladder. There weren’t any buckets, and while she briefly entertained using the sink, it was positioned awkwardly with cabinets overhead and she did not trust herself to even climb up onto the counter without pissing herself completely in the process.

Having no other options, Y’shtola rushed into the bathroom as well.

The Warrior of Light was dancing and struggling to pull down her pantalettes, which had gotten caught on her tail, when she turned around at the sound of Y’shtola entering the bathroom as well.

“I’m not done yet, sorry,” the Warrior of Light apologized.

“I can’t hold it any longer!” Y’shtola admitted, feeling another leak escape into her own undergarments as she danced in place.

“Neither can I, I’m leaking like mad here!” the Warrior of Light pointed to a few droplets on the ground as she struggled pulling her panties down. She finally succeeded and plopped herself down onto the toilet. Almost immediately, a loud hiss and a near-deafening ringing sound began emanating from the toilet as the Warrior of Light peed forcefully into the toilet bowl.

Y’shtola’s whole body spasmed at the sound and she doubled over, letting out another spurt. She was out of time and out of options. She slipped out of her dress instead of fighting to hike it up and pulled down her own pantalettes, revealing a lacy black lingerie and exposing her lower half to the Warrior of Light.

“Spread your legs wider!” Y’shtola demanded, ignoring the Warrior of Light’s gaze on her now exposed body.

The Warrior of Light was stunned into silence by Y’shtola stripping before her, but she nodded dully as Y’shtola lowered herself onto the Warrior of Light, positioning her pee-hole in between her spread legs.

Not a moment later, and she too exploded. Her bladder’s muscles gave out and a strong, loud torrent of pee erupted from between her legs. Luckily she had aimed true, and she was, with some awkward positioning and difficulty, able to pee between the Warrior of Light’s legs.

The sensation was bliss. She let out a long, drawn out moan of relief as she pissed forcefully into the toilet. The Warrior of Light herself was breathing heavily and gazing at Y’shtola in front of her as she emptied her own bladder.

“By the gods,” Y’shtola moaned, “I had to pee so bad.”

Y’shtola felt like she had to have been peeing for minutes, but even as he flow finally tapered off into a trickle, then drips that she wiped away as she stood up, the Warrior of Light was still pissing full force. As soon as Y’shtola had gotten up, the Warrior of Light nearly doubled over, grabbing her abdomen and moaning as she continued to pee.

Y’shtola herself pulled up her pantalettes and her legs gave out underneath her. Her whole body was shaking from the sheer relief she finally got to experience. She simply stared back at the Warrior of Light, watching her unabashedly as she continued to pee.

After what had to have been another full minute of full force peeing, the Warrior of Light’s flow began to taper off and she let out a near-orgasmic moan as she basked in the sheer relief.

“I haven’t had to pee that bad since the night Giott and I had that drinking contest,” she admitted.

The Warrior of Light wiped herself off as well and stood up, still breathing heavily, eyes dazed over from relief. Her legs were shaking far worse than Y’shtola’s had been, but still she extended an arm down to help her up nevertheless. Y’shtola accepted it, but not wanting them both to wind up on the floor of the inn room’s bathroom, she mostly used her own strength to pull herself up.

The Warrior of Light indulged herself in another once over at Y’shtola’s body, and gave an approving smile.

“So that’s what’s under that dress. A bit risque for the leader of the Night’s Blessed, don’t you think?”

“Oh please, you’ve sauntered around in shawls and subligars and short skirts that show off half of what this does. And that was supposed to pass as your outerwear besides.”

“But you love it. You said it yourself, you’re attracted to me, right? Also I’m sure I’ve caught you staring once or twice!”

“I would be lying if I said I haven’t found it difficult to ignore certain… features of your body in your more revealing attire,” Y’shtola admitted, “But with that being said, we’re both really drunk and I for one am tired. We should continue this conversation another time.”

“Agreed, I’m about to pass out after that,” the Warrior of Light admitted.

Y’shtola picked her dress off the floor of the bathroom and slipped it back over herself. Then the two headed out into the main room and Y’shtola began making towards the door when she was stopped by a warm embrace from behind.

“Stay, it’s late and your still shaky,” the Warrior of Light offered, “You can sleep here for the night.”

“With you?” Y’shtola asked, teasingly.

“I don’t mean like that,” the Warrior of Light shook her head, “We’d just be sleeping in the same bed together. I’m ‘bout to pass out too.”

“Well, I suppose we did just share a toilet together. A bed isn’t half as embarrassing or awkward as that.”

*005*2020-04-02 08:57

{{13 hours ago, Rin Tohsaka said:

Hi,

I barely post on this site but I've been lurking for years and years. I am smack-bang in the middle of that venn-diagram you mentioned, and although I haven't played in years I did clock 3500 hours into it and have always loved Y'shtola. Incidentally, I'm also a big Monogatari fan so I'm sure there's a plethora of additional overlap with other topics of interest.

What I'm trying to say here: this fiction gud, your older works gud, please write more. Thanks in advance.

}}

I'm glad you came out of lurking to encourage me and confirm that I'm not the only FFXIV-playing whiskey-drinking omorashi lover on here. I'm a bit of a lore nerd and I love the history of whiskey, which I tried to work in as best as I could into the world of FFXIV with the in-game grains and ingredients availible in different regions, as well as some potential history.

Y'shtola is my favorite (mostly because I have a thing for cat girls in general, but also because I like her personality too) so sooner or later I'll probably write more omorashi centered around her (there's something sexy about subjecting such an elegant and composed character to the embarrassment and urgency of having to pee, in my opinion, and also I have a bit of a headcanon that the Miqo'te, or at the very least Seekers of the Sun, who have harem-based tribes and are often seen dancing in skimpy outfits in the game, have a hidden sexual side that they have a hard time controlling).

Also I don't want to make any promises, but I put a lot of thought into my past "Omomonogatari" story and even though I left it unfinished I might come back to it at some point.

