Memento Mingentem

Author: Ranpalan

*000*2023-10-30 08:05

You stroll down the street, your hand in your pocket heavy with the Memento. It's early morning, the August sun just peeking over the rooftops, and there is not a soul in sight; even here, in the very center, the city looks dead. The litter from yesterday's—Friday's—revelries has not been cleaned up yet, proving that life had been here not all too long ago, but that life is now sleeping it off at home.

Your gaze, practiced by now, scans the street as you walk. You glance at a recessed door, behind a bench, down a side street; a casual observer could perhaps mistake you for being lost in thought, a more astute one might say you're taking in the atmosphere.

You glance down another alleyway, and then turn to go inside, casually changing your direction of travel as if you'd been planning to head this way all along. Perhaps you had been, since you know the reputation of this place very well, and it would be unlike you to skip it on your rounds. That, however, isn't the only reason: barely five meters into the alleyway, not even hidden behind a dumpster, is a little puddle with a damp tissue inside.

You pass it by without so much as a glance. By sheer coincidence—or so you can most believably insist—you happen to take out and glance at your pocketwatch just before you pass the puddle, and then with the slightest press of your thumb you send the clock hands spinning.

The world blurs and then goes dark, a cello plays for your ears alone. The hands of the pocketwatch—the Memento—stop at 1:36.

The sounds of nightlife fill your ears, though it is muffled where you are standing. You can hear rapid footsteps pass you by, and the equally rapid breathing of whoever is making them. She stops, and you hear the sound of a belt, a zipper, clothing being pulled down—all sounds you know too well—and then a sigh of relief.

Your vision returns to an unmoving scene, the colours strange to your sight.

A young woman is squatting where the puddle had been a moment ago, her hips close to the ground and her jeans pulled to her ankles, her hands on the wall behind her to steady her. She has brown hair to her shoulders and is wearing a blue tank top, the colour just a little darker than her jeans. Twenty two, you guess, though it's always hard to tell.

Her mouth is open in a sigh of relief, though her eyes are turned to the alley's entrance. As always, you see her when she's been peeing for just a few seconds, her strong stream hitting the bricks of the pavement, splattering onto her sandals. She's got light blue panties on, you note, and to your surprise they're still completely dry.

You follow her gaze to the street you'd come from. There's a young man glancing back at her, looking the slightest bit concerned. The boyfriend, you guess. Of more interest are the two blondes that are heading out. Tall, both dressed in skirts and blouses, they're probably from some sorority around here, and judging by the fresh puddles on the other side of the alleyway they too had been using it as a public toilet.

You have to make a guess now, right or left? Right is a little bigger, perhaps that one had to go worse and so went first, but on the other hand, left is further from the street, and surely the other one wouldn't have walked around her friend before going? Or, on the contrary, would she try to get a little more privacy that way?

You decide to go for right, assuming that left had started first. You've still got your pocketwatch in your hand, and with the smallest press of the button...

The world goes dark and the music comes again, faster this time. The hands spin and land on 1:34.

As soon as the sounds fade in you know you've made the right choice: you can hear a strong stream going already.

"Ohh fuck that's gooood!" you hear, the woman's voice slightly slurred. She gives a few more moans, perhaps more than strictly necessarry, but you're not complaining.

"Max, I can't hold it!" you hear in the distance, "I'm sorry, I have to go here..."

"Our train..." comes a male voice, but the rest of the sentence is cut off.

Your sight returns.

The two sorority girls you saw leaving just now are squatting against the other wall now. The one on the left has made an ample puddle already: she's pulled her panties aside and is barely squatting, her stream going everywhere, but she's too drunk to care; she's leaning on a cable box with her other hand, and you can very much believe she'd be falling over if she wasn't.

Her friend—the one whose memory you are in—has been more thorough with her wardrobe. She's pulled her panties down to her knees and is in a deep squat, her stream just reaching full power now. Leaning in a little, you can see that there's a small damp patch on those red panties.

A classic sight, though not any less enjoyable for that. Tearing your eyes away from the two pissing beauties, you see that the young woman from before—or rather, after—is standing at the alley entrance already, bent forward slightly and pleading with her boyfriend. She has her hands clenched into fists, her legs pressed close together. She's looking up at him in sheer desperation, and you wonder for a moment whether he too might get a kick out of this, though in all likelyhood he's just a self-centered jerk.

Having taken in the scene, you glance at the left girl now and press the button.

The music is deeper now, louder. The hands land on 1:35 again.

Footsteps again, two sets both hurrying towards you, one faster than the other. A whimper, very close to you.

"I swear beer always does this to me," you hear. It sounds like the girl you'd heard swearing earlier; the left, you're fairly sure, "Ah, mmm, ahh..."

Light, though not much of it.

You see the left girl squatting in the same position you had seen her moments ago, though the puddle isn't there yet; squatting high as she is, your vision of her is at the moment when her piss is hitting the ground. She has her eyes closed in relief now, that expression of a weight being lifted from one bladder that you know all too well.

The other girl is a more interesting sight. She has her left hand wedged firmly between her legs as she hurries towards her friend. You can see a little bulge above her waist; much as the other one went on about her desperation, you suspect this is the one who really had to go. You wonder whether her red panties are damp already, but there's no way to see from this angle, and you know from past attempts that you can't modify the scene in anyway.

Two snapshots is all you have of these two, and it's unlikely you can get any more of this situation unless someone happens to be peeing nearby. Two moments of time, but that's plenty for your mind to form a picture of this cute blonde, rushing towards where you saw her squat, clenching tight to allow herself to use both hands to pull her panties down, and then squatting down and letting all that ex-beer out again.

You're not done here yet, though. You walk to the entrance of the alleyway again and look left, in the opposite direction of the train station. Sure enough, the brunette is there, walking tensely, one hand already clenched in a fist while she holds hands with Max with the other. She seems to be looking right at you, but you know she can't see you, so she must have already been thinking about the alleyway.

You glance back at the two blondes, one squatting, one on her way, then at the brunette again, her desperation etched into her face. You could continue in this memory, explore it as far as it goes, see whether you can find another puddle to use your pocketwatch on—or a discarded pair of panties, or even a red-faced girl in wet pants if you're really lucky. On the other hand, you could return to your time, and continue the search there; travel of this kind always goes backwards, and you're sure more must have happened after 1:35.

Perhaps to be continued...

***

So yes, I may have played a smidge too much of Return of the Obra Dinn. Great game, definitely recommend it to any puzzle game fans. Despite the ending, I don't plan to run this as an interactive fiction; I'll see if inspiration hits me again to write more.

*001*2023-11-10 06:13

Your thoughts on what to do are interrupted by a tug on your arm. The Memento has found something in this memory that you might want to take a look at. It's down the alley you'd just been looking around in, out the other side, by the canal...

You wouldn't have spotted it if not for the hint, but when you know whom to look at, it's not hard to find. A girl in a tank top and miniskirt is mounting her bike, her face a little red with embarrassment and, judging by the runny make-up, hastily wiped away tears. She has her leg raised and when you squat down you can see that her pink panties are drenched front to back. You can't see any liquid clinging to her thighs so she must have cleaned herself up a little, but she's clearly declared this night to be over.

You press the button, of course.

The music washes over you gently, as if it is coming from the bar she's standing in front of, though from the Latin chanting you can make out you know it is nothing so simple. The hands turn to 1:23.

There's streams hitting porcelain here, a sound you're all too familiar with. A tap running, toilet paper being pulled from the roll.

"Please, I can't wait," you hear a woman's voice say.

"We've all had to wait," another replies, a twinge of dominance to it, "Get in line."

"No, no!"

Light, far more of it than you'd seen since you dove into a memory, though still dim.

You're in a public bathroom, of course. Two stalls, a large sink to one side. One of the stall doors is open, a tall woman in a blouse and jeans holding it with one hand, not letting the girl from earlier squeeze by. They can't be that far apart in age, the woman is in her early thirties, the girl a decade younger, perhaps, but the balance of power is clearer.

And the girl... She's quite a sight. Black locks flying everywhere, she must have just bent over forward suddenly, right hand firm between her legs, skirt lifted up so you can see those panties very well again, and bursting from between her fingers are jets of pee. Her mouth is hanging the slightest bit open: she knows she's lost it, though those around her don't seem to have realised yet.

Sometimes you feel that the Memento might have overshot, that what it shows as the moment of losing control is actually simply an early leak. Every time you could check, this turned out not to be the case, and now too you're fairly sure this poor girl didn't rush into that stall and pull her panties down for a final release. No, this was the moment the floodgates open and she must have stood here, with the queue watching her, all the way until her bladder was empty.

You glance at the queue, but it isn't actually as interesting as you hoped. There's a slighty plump girl in a metal t-shirt and jeans who is leaning mostly on one leg, but without being able to advance time you can't tell whether she's shifting from foot to foot or just standing like that. For the rest, nobody seems to be even close to desperate.

You check one particularly good ass out anyway; just because she doesn't have to pee doesn't mean you can't enjoy what you see. You always do wonder whether you aren't missing any signs, though—if you only you had a device to see how bad people really had to go...

You're about to walk out of the bathroom and see whether you can find anything else interesting here when you glance into the open stall. There's a puddle of pee next to the toilet, and though you know it might be too mixed to work, it's still worth trying. Ducking under the stern woman's arm—you note that her bladder is bulging quite visibly as you do that—you reach the toilet and press the button.

Indoors the sounds always seem to bounce around in weird ways, as if echoing off walls that are not quite the ones that you can. This was much earlier, 00:32.

The background sounds are much the same, but there's no dialogue. Instead, you hear someone crash against the door, then slam it open. There's another loud thump, the sound of rustling clothing, and an inarticulate muttering of relief.

There's less light here, though some falls through the half-open stall door.

The girl squatting half over the toilet looks latina. She's leaning heavily on one of the walls, her jeans in a heap around her ankles, and her just-starting stream is hitting the the toilet seat straight-on. She has her eyes closed, and doesn't seem to be minding the mess she's making, but given how drunk she looks that's not strange.

You turn around, hoping she's left the door open. It isn't locked, but it's only open a crack, and the memory won't let you push it open any further. The door is a proper one, these are proper individual cubicles, not those cheap American stalls where you could sneak a glance at the neighbouring girl and jump to her memory instead.

Just in case this is your last memory of the day you give the latina girl an extra good look. Her panties are still dry; she was probably more drunk than desperate. A pity.

A click of a button and the world fades, the music blaring and then returning to the sounds of the world you know, the colours once again familiar.

You're walking down an alleyway and it's early morning. You can hear cars in some distance, though for the most part everything is quiet. You've tested, and there never seems to be any time between you going into a memory and you coming out of it; a camera can catch a few frames where you aren't there, but that's about it.

The Memento is safe in your pocket again as you walk out the other end of the alleyway. The bar you'd just been inside a memory of is still there. The police car and the two agents waiting for you are new.

*003*2023-11-11 11:49

Aw, thank you 🙂

Yes, there's a nod in there. I don't actually plan to extend the story in that direction, I'd like to explore this premise in isolation, at least for now.

*004*2023-11-11 15:02

You're sitting in the back of the car. The cops have checked your ID and made you show the Memento, though they haven't taken it from you, just told you to wait with your questions. They called it a nooscope, whatever that means. You're not under arrest, if you can believe them, but the invitation to come along to the police station didn't feel like one you could refuse, and so here you are.

"Could you explain why you've detained me?" you try again.

"You came of your own accord," the one behind the wheel replies, not unreasonably, "But no, I don't know. Captain's orders."

His colleague shifts around in her seat. She's been shifting around a little the whole time, and she glares at you when she catches you looking her way.

"Why pick me up from the street, instead of just paying me a visit at home?"

"We don't know where you live," she responds, "We didn't know your name, either, just because facial recognition software exists doesn't mean we can get all your details without a court order, and what you do is weird but none of it seems to be illegal."

Her colleague shoots her a look and she shuts up, leaving you with more questions than you started with.

"How did you know I'd be where you found me?"

"I think it's best if you discuss everything directly with the captain," the driver says, and the rest of the the trip passes in silence.

The female officer pleads important business as soon as you reach the station and dashes off into its depths, leaving her colleague to accompany you inside. He doesn't comment on it, so neither do you.

The captain is a serious man in his fifties. He looks like he hasn't slept tonight and isn't sure whether he'll get a chance to anytime soon. He pinches his nose when you come in, shakes his head a little to clear it, then looks you over and offers you a hand.

"We've been aware of your... hobby for some time now," he says bluntly as soon as you've both sitten down and the officer accompanying you has left the room, "And we don't like it. There's people on the force who would like to see you behind bars for it, but there's no law against what you're doing. They could go to the press, but without proof, and with you being so discreet about it..."

"So you're giving me a warning now, that I should stop before it comes to that?"

"No," he says, "No, I'm just telling you how it is. Mind you, most people don't know about your device, that kind of technology is secret and the fact you have one... I don't know what to make of you, Mr. Glennith. But no, I didn't bring you here to threaten you. I need your skills.

"I was patrolling tonight when I saw two young ladies run out of a house and relieve themselves on the pavewalk in front of the door. They were obviously drunk, and I stopped to give them a fine... and realised that this was my daughter's student house she'd just run out of, and there she was, standing at the door. Wetting herself."

You shift a little in your seat. This is not what you've been expecting to hear about, and with your blood already pumping from the things you've seen, it's hard not to picture this all too vividly.

"She and her friends have been drugged, or magicked, it seems. She reported that she was having a party with a few friends when suddenly they were all overcome with a desperate need to pee. They had been drinking, but it wasn't the same: in a period of just a few minutes they all either lost control or came close to it.

"Since I was at the scene I made sure that we preserved everything as well as we could. Almost all of them had, er, gotten their underwear wet to some extent, and we have those. You can visit the place, if you think it's necessary. Most of the girls are sleeping now, but my daughter is here, and you can question the rest later if you need to.

"Please figure out which one did this and how."

*006*2023-11-18 00:23

The girl is sitting in the break room, slumped over the table, fast asleep. You think of her as a girl, but in truth she's not that much younger than you: you graduated recently but you can imagine chatting her up at a bar, at least if you ever went to that kind of place—memory-dives excluded. Her auburn hair hides her face, but you can see her yellow blouse, which clashes a little with the grey sweatpants she's wearing.

"Laura," the captain says, gently shaking her by the shoulder, and she gives an indistinct moan before raising her head towards you.

She's got a small nose, you notice, a bit of a mousy expression to her. She was wearing lipstick but it's smeared now, and you catch a whiff of pee in the air.

"Daaad?" she asks, turning to glance up at the captain, then back at you, "Whaa? Dad, please, can I go home now?"

She's slurring a little, and you realise she can't have sobered up yet. Between the lack of sleep and the drink, she looks like a mess, and she's clearly having some trouble staying upright. The captain keeps a hand on her shoulder to make sure she doesn't slump sideways.

"Honey, let me make you a cup of coffee," he says, "I know you've had a rough night, but you're our main witness and I know I've brought you up to be attentive, so your account is probably going to be the most useful. It's better to get it down while it's still fresh, and then I'll drive you to my place and you can sleep there."

"Ac-count?" she asks, stumbling over the word a little, but she seems to be coming back to her senses surprisingly fast, "Dad, I told you, please just let it be, I, I don't want to think about it. And who's he, anyway?"

"That's mister... that's a special agent who has expertise relevant to this case," he corrects himself, and the girl's eyes dart at you.

"Dad," Laura says, more serious now, "Please... Having to discuss this with you is one thing, but a stranger? Are you going to have him question all my friends? My social life is going to be over."

You've stood silent during this exchange, but there's some things you can't help but notice. A tension in the girl's thighs. A nervous squirming, that seems to be getting worse as she and her father keep talking. A bite of the lip, her hand clenching her knee. She seems to wince at the coffee her father puts in front of her.

"Mister... O. here will be very professional," the captain assures her again, though growing stern, and turns to you, "Sir, this is my daughter, Laura. She was the one to invite her friends over tonight, so she can tell you about them, as well as about her two housemates. Let me show you to a room... Now I'll leave you to talk to her in private, but do tell me if she isn't forthright with you, she should know better than that..."

Both of you have taken several steps down the hallway before Laura calls out.

"Dad!"

She's standing now, leaning a little on the table with one hand, and her other is clenched tightly between her legs.

"For fuck's sake, dad!" she says, and for a moment you think she'll burst out crying, but she just asks, quietly, "Where's the toilet here?"

Without any dignity, but also without losing control, she manages to make her way there. The captain makes you a cup of coffee in the meantime, apoligising for both her and for not offering one earlier. It's awkward, it doesn't help that once Laura emerges you can tell she's been crying.

"I'm sorry I took a while, I had to fix my makeup," she says.

Soon afterwards, you're sitting on what is clearly the "cop" side of a table. A meeting table? An interrogation table? You're not sure about the word. You don't have access to the computer, of course, but the captain gave you a notebook. She's the first to break the silence.

"So, Mr. O, if that is your real name*.." she says, a little bravado shining through her miserable state, "Are you with the secret service?"

"Um, no," you admit.

"My dad must have pulled some long strings to get you flown in at such short notice," she muses, "Does europol have a pee-related crimes department? Is that where my tax money is going?"

"Do you pay taxes?" you ask. Somehow, that's the part that stands out to you.

"My future tax money," she says, "I'm a student. Literature, so I guess maybe even that's optimistic. Anyway, are you going to question me, or do you hope that if you sit still long enough I'll confess just because it means I get to go to bed?"

This is not how you imagined your morning going. This is not, in fact, what you want to be doing right now. The prospect of watching a bunch of young ladies wetting themselves is not unappealing, especially if it's as a favour to a captain of the police (the watching, not the wetting, that is), but you didn't exactly prepare for a verbal spar with his daughter. On the other hand, with her wildly inconsistent mood you suspect that perhaps all this energy now is also just show...

"Laura," you say, and for a moment she gets a deer-in-the-headlights look, "Your father asked me to look into what I can find about this... incident. He told me a little about what happened, but I'd like to hear it from your perspective. Please, start from the beginning."

That's how they ask those things in movies, isn't it, you wonder while watching her reaction.

"Could I... get some water and a paracetamol first?" she asks, "We were drinking, so, yeah..."

It takes a bit of time, but it's nothing her father can't arrange. You don't mind the idea of seeing her have to go again, and so you make sure there's a pitcher of water for you to share. Just the idea—and the way she chugs the first two glasses, on top of the coffee that she's already finished—makes you grow excited.

"What do you consider the beginning?" she asks when she's ready.

"It sounded like somebody drugged all of you," you say, "So I guess that's when the first people arrive."

"It was a normal girls night in with friends," she starts, "I live with two other students, Amber and Mary, so they were there most of the day. Amber made dinner for us, and Jess and Lucy joined for that. We had risotto, and we started drinking wine at that point. This was around seven, I think.

"Charlotte, Hannah, and Katie all joined not that long afterwards. We played a drinking game with some romcom, and by the end we were all pretty tipsy. I think this must have been around ten or eleven or so. I wasn't keeping track, and like I said, we were all drinking. Mary went to bed afterwards, and the rest of us just talked, and drank more, I guess."

She takes another drink from her glass.

"Maybe it was a bit too much drinking, heh," she admits and finishes her glass, then refills it.

"Did you notice anyone having to pee an unusual amount?" I ask, "Including yourself."

"I mean, with how much we were drinking, pretty much everyone had to go often and sometimes pretty bad. When the movie was over there was a short queue, but other than that people just went whenever they felt like it."

"Okay, go on."

"Then after a long while talking, people were getting tired, and I think we were watching YouTube videos. There was a funny one that was also a bit long, and one of the others went during it, but I don't remember who. And as it ended, we all realised, shit, we have to go now. Katie and Jess were the ones who ran out front, who my father caught. We only have one toilet, but I think at least one of the others ran to the shower.

"I'm sorry I don't remember more, I remember that Hannah ended up wetting herself, but I don't know how that happened. With my dad arriving everything was a bit chaotic, we had to find clean underwear for people because he wanted everything that was even a bit wet to be preserved... do you know what was up with that?"

"I'm afraid I can't tell you," you say. You've never had the chance to experiment with panties that have been leaked in; you wonder whether they'll work. "So what do you think happened?"

Laura goes silent for a little, sipping her glass again.

"I don't know," she says, finally, "It feels crazy to think someone could make a drug that made all have to go at once like that. It's a bit weird for a coincidence, but... I think it's probably just that. Alcohol, a video that kept our minds on something else. I mean, what else could it be?"

You ponder this for a bit, quiz her on the names again and on what she could remember about who went where, but what you've heard seems to be all you'll be getting.

"Is that everything?" Laura asks after another silence falls, "Because I kind of have to go again."

You can think of many questions, but the chance of her father finding out you kept her after she said that doesn't appeal to you. She dashes off, and after a few minutes the two of you go to find her father—and the "evidence" that he has collected.

*008*2023-12-02 17:47

The captain leads you back to his office while Laura runs off to pee again. He looks after her for a moment.

"She's doing better now," he remarks, "But she was shaken when it all came down. It's partly that why I'm investigating it, I feel like it's probably some kind of revenge of an ex or something like that. Bad stuff, that, and I hope you can find whoever is culpable. That said, I hope this gets her to stay sober for a bit, she's not handling the temptations of student life well..."

You mumble something non-commital; the last thing you want right now is to get between those two. Perhaps if you do a good job, you can get some information on the Memento from the captain; he clearly seems to know something about it, though perhaps revealing just how clueless you are about it is not in your best interests.

"We managed to collect the clothing of four people," he shares, and adds, apologetically, "We didn't have time to get names, it was all a bit of a mess. I've marked the bags 1-4. At least one of the girls outright refused to give up the clothing; I thought of forcing her, but there's little legal basis, and she was so drunk it seemed unlikely she'd be the one... I don't know, though."

You nod; it's not like the names would tell you much, and inspect the bags. You find the following:

A pair of black jeans, visibly wet despite the colour, and light blue panties and matching socks, both also drenched. Drenched panties, green. Grey panties with a small wet spot, barely visible now that it's dry. Completely soaked leggings and panties. You realise, a little belatedly, that you hadn't asked Laura whether the wetting felt at all unusual for her. Would she know what a wetting normally feels like? Hoping to get another question in you glance out to the hallway, but both she and the captain are gone, driving her off to her parents' home.

Well. Perhaps, given how likely these little glimpses are to arouse you, it's best if they aren't there to witness you diving into the memories.

The first question you have is whether the Memento is going to work at all. You open each bag in turn and hold the watch by the opening, trying not to react to the strong smell emanating from most of them. In each case, it clicks open, inviting you to investigate. Good start.

Just in case it will stop working once the pee dries, you decide to start with the least wet clothes and then move on to the more obviously wet ones. That's clearly number 3; you pull the grey panties out of the bag and click the button.

The hands spin to 2:08, then stop. There's a screeching sound, one you haven't heard before, and the world lurches, the music sounding slower than usual.

Laughter, first clear and then muffled by wood after a sound of a door locking.

"Ah fuck..." a quiet mumble, and then a thump as someone lowers themselves onto the toilet with little grace.

"Ahhh..." the feeling of relief is palpable in the sigh, though the hiss of pee in the toilet is loud enough to come out on top.

The abstract patterns rearrange themselves into tiles; you're in a small loo, with nothing but the toilet itself and a tiny sink next to it.

The scene could be one of Biku's artworks. There's a tall girl of roughly Laura's age sitting on the toilet, leaning back against it and unleashing a veritable torrent of piss. She's wearing a t-shirt and jogging pants; the latter, as well as the grey panties you used to get here, are around her ankles. The wet spot, being fresh, is now much more obvious.

The door is closed, making this memory a dead end. Who is this girl? Is the fact that she made it to the toilet a sign that she knew something was up, or was it just happenstance?

You give her another look over; she's athletic, a blonde. She has socks on but no shoes, you note, and now that you look more closely you notice she hasn't got a bra on, either. You could look at her for a good deal longer, but you suspect that even if you were here for pleasure, the others would be a much more interesting sight. With a click of a button, you're back in reality.

***

To add a fun twist to the game: if you send in guesses for the characters' fates. Guesses should include the name, a reference to where they appear in the story (e.g. "girl in grey panties" for the one here) and a description of what happened to them. When two fates are correct, I will confirm them.

*010*2023-12-11 20:52

Note: I realised I'd made a small mistake in the last post, with the fourth article of evidence. It's fixed now.

Thank you for the guess Flush, but I'm afraid I'll have to immediately show that's not the case. Still, maybe this mental image is not much worse? 😉

***

You're still alone in the room when you come out of the memory, which isn't surprising; it would be quite coincidental for someone to walk in at just that moment. You've never been able to figure out how time works with respect to the Memento: none of it seems to pass in reality, but do you age? Will you die early from overindulging in your fetish? It's a confronting question that you've decided to put entirely out of your mind several months ago, mere weeks after you got the strange device.

Your instinct to take the least soiled piece of clothing made it easy to choose the first one, but the choice of the second is harder: each of the evidence bags has some pee that's dribbled down into one corner, indicating all the clothing has been very thoroughly wet.

Still, just going by volume, it's the green panties that are next. You don't pull them out—there's no tap in this room and you don't feel like getting your hands covered in pee—but fortunately the Memento springs open as soon as you hold it by the opening of the bag. You click the button.

The hands spin to 2:10. Something is making the journeys to the memories a lot harder than you're used to them being, but the music is familiar even in its distorted form.

There's a hissing sound coming from afar.

"Amber?" you hear some distance away, and then, coming closer, "Fuck this..."

"You aren't!" another voice, followed by a burst of laughter, "Oh my god!"

The sound freezes, the world lights up.

You're in front of a two-story residential building. The facade is not quite flat: the entrances are in the recesses, while the living rooms protrude out, the windows split in three parts. The door to the unit you're standing by is ajar, and in the doorway you can see Laura and another girl. Laura is wearing black jeans that look familiar, while the other one, a chubby brunette half a head shorter than her, is wearing blue jeans and a t-shirt.

The brunette has got a hand wedged firmly between her legs and is leaning quite unsteadily on the doorframe. Laura looks more put-together, but she's still standing with her legs crossed, and you can tell that that's not out of convenience. Her hand is on her waist, pulling her jeans away from her bladder.

Neither of them is the focus of this scene, however: that honour goes to the girl in green panties who is currently pissing right through them, her back pressed against the wall just below the middle one of the windows. You wonder, for a moment, whether that's why they're drenched, or whether she'd leaked already, but the wet streaks over her thighs and by her knees, along with the trail of wet spots between the door and her, tell you everything you might want to know.

Not so unusual a sight, this green-pantied beauty. She's tall, and between her long black hair and her dark-blue dress, she's got an imposing look to her. Her dress is long enough that you suspect she hadn't been anticipating anyone glimpsing her panties today, hence the colour mismatch. She's clearly bursting, but that brunette in the doorway looks to be much worse off, or at least much more likely to have a wetting any moment. If only you could jump forward in the memory instead of backwards... but no, if you want to keep going, you have to find someone peeing, or at least someone's puddle.

Hang on. There *is* someone peeing. While admiring the two girls in the doorway you glance inside and you can see someone's legs hanging over the edge of the kitchen sink, cargo pants around the ankles. It's out of range of the Memento now, but surely...

It takes you several attempts to conclude that you're not going to be able to get through. The memories can be cruel like that: sometimes you can go somewhere you weren't expecting to, sometimes you're so close, but no matter what you try, you just can't get past someone or something. You know when to give up.

In your attempts you do notice a girl in a sundress heading up the stairs, which are just inside the entrance. Like the one peeing in front she's also tall, but she's blonde and her style is more light-hearted, for lack of a better word. It's hard to tell from a still frame, but you get the impression she's taking step after careful step, worried that if she proceeds in a hurry she won't make it to the top.

Well. Whatever happened here, there sure are many girls on the verge of wetting themselves; the captain's suspicion that something is up seems fair enough. Speaking of him, you notice a police car approaching in the distance.

You spend a little while longer just looking at the girls. You check the living room windows, in case someone is there, but there doesn't seem to be anyone. It's good the captain didn't stay to watch you go through the evidence; you're turned on as fuck by all this, and you suspect it'll be easy to tell when you get back to the present. But back you go, making a list of mental notes that you then hurry to write up once you're back in reality.

*014*2024-04-23 09:38

It's not out of the question, but I haven't been in the right headspace for it. That said, I do still have extensive notes on what actually happened, so it's not lost in time (yet).

