The High Street Incident

Author: Roger Ireland

*000*2020-08-20 16:42

I have never been here before in my life. To the best of my knowledge I know no one who lives or works here. I chose this town for that reason, I needed anonymity for what I had planned. My car is parked in the town car park and a 4 hour ticket from the machine has been displayed prominently in the windscreen. Courtesy of Google Maps and ‘Street View’ I am armed with a good knowledge of the shops and businesses along the main street.

I started my walk along the High Street of this small town and just a few metres along the road I went into Jacqui’s Coffee House, bought coffee and a slice of coffee cake then sat outside at one of the bistro tables. Observing people has always fascinated me and so I sat for a pleasant half hour or so watching people as they went about their business. A feeling of urgency began to develop in me so I got up and strolled further along the street.

I passed the Bank and Eldridges Estate Agents, looked in Daniel’s Mens’ Store and discovered I was probably still a couple of years out of date with my wardrobe. I didn’t seem to arouse much interest in the people passing, probably because I look normal in build and looks, unremarkable really, so no one took any particular interest in me which is what I wanted, for now. My inner self however, was beginning to get a little agitated and my movements became less leisurely than before as I quickened my pace towards the opposite end of the High Street where the town park was situated.

I had entered a race between myself and myself, one side of me wished to hurry and reach comparative safety and comfort in time and part of me wanted to miss the deadline. In truth, the race had begun even before I arrived in the town when I had made a conscious decision to avoid doing something quite normal. I quickened my pace a little as I passed Poundstore realising that the minutes counting down were ticking inexorably towards the conclusion, whichever ‘self’ was the victor.

The chemist was busy as I passed, actually hurrying now. I could feel myself getting a little hotter as the conflict between myself and myself became stronger and the end became inevitable. One way or another the result was only minutes away and it would then become clear which side of me had won. I was practically running now and my heart was racing with exertion and excitement in equal measure.

Finally, the finishing tape came into sight as a sign on a brick wall declared ‘GENTS TOILET’. One part of me was incredibly relieved that I could easily finish the race honourably, the other part of me insisted that to overcome such a strong temptation would be a great success. The sign was only a few paces away now and I deliberately crossed the road to put myself where I really wanted to be. I sat down on a wooden bench which was set back into the park fence, casually crossed my legs, leaned back and relaxed.

A warmth started to spread around my groin then around my buttocks and a splashing sound began beneath the bench. Outwardly I showed no sign of what was occurring but inwardly my excitement levels were off the scale. I watched as a man entered the Gents Toilet opposite. By the time he came out again it was all over and I had completely wet myself in the High Street with people passing by in both directions. A couple of people had noticed the rivulets that started beneath the bench and ran towards the other end, an older lady pushing a small shopping basket on wheels who made no comment at all and a couple of teenaged girls who giggled after one of them said, ‘that guy’s just peed in his trousers’.

No one else appeared to notice anything unusual at all and I wondered just how many people miss things around them due to their low observation skills. People’s minds sometimes ‘blind’ them to something seen but which is so preposterous as to be ‘unreal’ and they pass by without actually seeing what is before their eyes, their sub-conscious minds offering a more ‘reasonable’ explanation. My trousers were dark grey to start with but where they were wet it was now many shades darker and what I had just done would be clearly obvious to anyone who saw me when I stood up and walked away.

As I sat there for a few minutes secretly enjoying the feeling of a completely wet backside, a woman in her late twenties or early thirties sat down on the other end of the bench. It was obvious that she was pregnant and she looked at me a little nervously as she said, ‘It’s none of my business and I have no idea why but you have clearly just sat there and wet yourself. I am absolutely desperate to pee and as your wetting has run all down to this end of the bench I can pee here and no one would know. It would look like it was all from that end of the bench. Please sit there a few minutes longer while I pee here.’

To say I was shocked would be an understatement but I could see no reason to refuse her bizarre but logical request so I nodded and said, ‘Sure, no problem’ and tried to look away. Quickly and carefully she pulled her skirt behind her and I guessed she was sitting with just her knickers touching the bench. Without actually looking I managed to see out of the corner of my eye when a cascade poured through the wooden slats of the bench but as she had predicted, it was disguised by the wetness already there. She seemed in no hurry to move and thanked me for my understanding. I said, ‘I know it can sometimes get urgent for a pregnant lady but why-ever didn’t you go to the ladies?’

‘because it’s all the way at the other end of the park’, she said, ‘the Gent’s has been here since Victorian times and when the park was constructed, to commemorate the end of World War I, it was considered more seemly to have the Ladies toilets further away. I just couldn’t have walked another step without having an accident.’ She laughed and said, ‘it’s kind of weird for two strangers to be sitting like this with two wet bottoms and acting as if it is nothing to worry about.’ I agreed with her then said, ‘we can change that though, we don’t have to be strangers. My name’s Chris.’ I’m Helen,’ she said, I’m a teacher in school here and I couldn’t afford for any of the children’s mothers to see me wet myself and so you being here was a bit of a God-send. Trouble is I have to walk home in wet things now to change but at least it’s my day off today.’

‘I’ll give you a lift home,’ I said immediately, my car’s in the car park at the top of High Street.’ I stood up and for the first time Helen saw the large wet patch on the back of my trousers, she gasped and said, ‘you can’t walk up the High Street like that, come with me, I’ll show you the back way then we shouldn’t see too many people. How did you come to wet yourself anyway? the Gent’s is just across the street! Was it an accident like me?’

As we walked the quieter way back to the car park I explained to Helen how I enjoyed wetting and particularly wetting in public; that it gave me a great buzz to do something so sensually enjoyable and naughty when I could be caught out.

She laughed and said, ‘I caught you out didn’t I? I couldn’t believe it when I saw your pee running under the bench. I was going to sit there for a moment to get better control then I thought I would go into the park and try to find somewhere to hide but time was against me I’m afraid.’

‘Latchkey syndrome’, I said. Helen had never heard of that so I explained how it worked and she said, ‘Exactly! I have had that happen a couple of times as well, standing on my doorstep and peeing down my legs when I know if I lived a few houses further down the road I would still have held it that far. Amazing what our subconscious does isn’t it?’ By this time we had reached the car park with only a couple of odd looks my way and I opened the boot to take out a couple of towels to put on the seats.

‘My,’ said Helen, ‘Well prepared or what?’

‘Well’, I said, ‘I knew I was going to need some protection for one seat but not for two!’ On the way to Helen’s home I said, ‘You haven’t made any comment about me deliberately wetting myself in town, which is very broad minded of you, thank you.’ She looked at me then and said, ‘Chris, I consider myself an individual too, and if wetting makes you happy it’s fine by me. I can feel a bit of sympathy for that myself, there have been a few times when I have been so mad, or frustrated even, that I felt like just peeing my knickers right there and then out of some sort of rebelliousness I suppose. I hate having to ‘conform’ it’s just not me!

How I ever got through school and Uni I don’t know. Even this baby,’ she pointed to her ‘bump’, is from donated sperm from an anonymous medical student, I wanted a baby but I didn’t want the hassle of living with a guy who would want me to ‘conform’. My poor mother is beside herself, one the one hand horrified that I don’t even know the name of the baby’s father and on the other hand the joy of looking forward to her first grandchild.’ I laughed at that because she obviously had her mother summed up but was going to go her own way regardless. ‘We’re here’, she said as she showed me which house was hers. ‘Do you want to come in for a minute? I’ll make us a coffee then change and we can chat a bit more if you’d like.’

‘That’s very kind’, I said, ‘but I really should go home and change I suppose. Tell you what, we could meet for coffee at Jacqui’s coffee shop sometime and have a good chat, a dry one,’ I smiled. She laughed and said, ‘that’s a new one on me, a dry coffee but you’re on! We exchanged mobile numbers and she waved, smiling as I drove away.

It took me about twenty minutes to get home and by the time I parked on my drive I was ready to pee again so I stood beside my car and just let it happen. I must confess that I was thinking about the times Helen had said she had done the same on her doorstep. The thought of a ‘dry coffee’ with Helen and what it might lead to was gaining strength in my mind.

To be continued:

