Pains of a Superstar - Sona`s long weekend

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2019-01-04 11:45

Sona woke up to the wonderful view of the Arabian Sea. The huge waves reminded her of the massive pressure that was brewing in her bladder. She had conveniently chosen to hold it till the morning. She sneakily felt her tightly concealed crotch while still under her blanket and found it wet. Her eyes grew wide in horror and her hands immediately went down to the bed to check the damage. Fortunately there was none. Perhaps she had put off her bathroom break far too long.

Without wasting further time Sona rushed to the bathroom. After a massive pee which nearly made her climax, and a nice hot bathe she came out. It was Friday morning and her flight to Leh was scheduled in an hour or so. She had to reach Ladakh to spend the weekend with a fleet of soldiers on the eve of a national festival. She checked her emails and her Twitter as she nonchalantly ate her heavy breakfast with a few cans of cranberry juice. Her manager had already sent in her clothes which were too baggy for Sona's liking. Obviously Sona ditched all of them for some tiny undies and form fitting jeans. Those were actually so tight that they could numb her ass in a minute or two. She had to forcefully button it up as they were smaller than her waist size.

A million likes on Instagram was more valuable than being comfortable. The push-up bra she chose was stretched to its limit but that extra bouncy effect on her huge silicone globes could make anyone drool. And it would be a waste if nobody could see her endless cleavage. A button down shirt helped her with that. Her manager had warned to wear some sport-shoes to be comfortable on the terrains of Ladakh but Sona turned deaf ears to it. Knee high boots with 6 inchers followed and only then she was ready.

To kill her time till her chauffeur arrived she downed another glass of chilled watermelon juice. It had just been 2 hours since she woke up and she had already consumed nearly a liter of liquid. When she stood up from the couch to walk towards the door she felt her first twinge in bladder. Her flight was scheduled in two hours so she chose to wait and use the loos on the jet that she had hired. Little did she know what fate had in store for her. The moment she sat inside the car the waistband of her jeans sharply dug into her clinched belly . A half hour haul turned into an hour long snail due to a road accident. Sona frowned at it because it was getting too hot inside the car and her clothes started pinching her body. To beat the heat she chugged some water. An hour later a bottle of water was gone and the pangs in her bladder had become stronger. 5 hours since her last relief and 1.5 liters of intake later any girl would feel the brunt. Sona was no different.

She didn't realize the impact of all the liquid till she had to get off from the car. That's when she felt gravity strongly pull her bladder. She clenched her muscles and relaxed it immediately to see how bad it was. She could not feel any liquid movements inside her urethra which meant she could delay her relief if need be. Though her bladder had occupied a considerable part of her attention. Since she was late to the airport, she rushed to her chartered jet through the VIP channel. Through the corner of her eyes she caught a glimpse of the ladies room but she didn't want people to know that she too needed to pee at times. Once Sona got into the jet it took off. She had insisted to fly without her manager alone to experience the thrill of not being pampered all the time.

An hour into the flight Sona was starting to get uncomfortable. Despite her growing needs she was suppressing it and making videos for her Instagram account , mindlessly chugging beer and making small talks with the stewardess. 3 hours into the flight and a few too many beers later her body was incessantly sending distress signals to her brains. Sona hated going to the toilet when she was engrossed into something. Sona just crossed her legs tightly and finished her Punjabi lunch. Her forehead was covered with sweat and her throat was on fire - such was the ferocity of the spice. She chugged more water to cool herself down.

4 hours into the flight she pressed onto her bladder to gauge the seriousness. Her angry bladder protested by shooting a sharp wave through her urethra. Volume in her bladder was steadily rising and it was finally time to act. She unbuckled her seat-belt and went to the back of the airplane. Her jaws fell to the ground when she realized that there were no toilets on board. Suddenly the pressure in her bladder doubled up. She immediately crossed her legs to accommodate the pressure. 9 hours into the day and there was already 3 liters of liquid pumped into her system. She was still far from being frantic or hair-pulling desperation but in a few hours she would be in a terrible state. She cursed herself for mindless drinking and her choice of clothes.

She called in the stewardess why the jet didn't have any loos. The stewardess told Sona that to cut costs the operators buy planes without loos for short hauls.

"This is not a short haul. Its a 6 hour long flight! How do you girls manage?" Sona asked with a hint of irritation in her voice.

"Ma'am, we complained too to our bosses regarding our daily struggles but they merely increased our salaries to shut our mouths."

"Sooo, you choose to suffer daily?"

The stewardess smiled nervously and shifted her legs slowly.

"Daily 16-20 hours without a single pee."

"What if it gets reeeealllyyyy urgent?" Sona shifted her position.

"We still have to hold it. We leak at times but we somehow manage to hold it. We are even put on flights longer than this without a chance to use the loos"

"I feel sorry for you girls. . . " Sona responded with gritted teeth.

"Ma'am do you have to go too?"

"No. . I. . was just inquiring. . I am fine" Sona tried to smile and uncross her legs.

"I thought so. No girl would chug so much beer on a bathroom-less flight. . In fact I was having a bet with my colleague inside who herself is pretty desperate, that you will be in dire need to pee by the end of this flight" The stewardess blabbered brazenly.

Sona was shocked. She was being watched all the time and now that she was a subject of bet she would have to maintain her composure even more now.

"I will make sure you don't lose today." Sona tried to be polite. "Its not such a long flight per se"

6 Hours into the flight and Sona was losing her patience. Her pussy quivered with pressure and her bladder was at unprecedented levels of pressure. She fidgeted within her seat trying to keep it as subtle as possible.

"Would you like to have some tea Ma'am?" This time the other stewardess came to attend. Sona knew every well what was on the girl's mind. She was in a fix now.

The girl caught Sona's dilemma and said "Ma'am, you look distressed. Anything I can help you with?"

"Yes, how long before we land?" Sona asked while picking up the tea.

"An hour or two." We have been detoured to Srinagar due to rough weather. Saying this the attendant disappeared behind the curtains.

Sona was frantic now and this detour was going to delay her relief further. Her heart raced in anticipation. Poor Sona HAD TO PEE NOW! But she was helpless and alone. Had she been a little more she could have avoided being so fucking desperate. The pilot put on the seat belt sign which added to her troubles. It cut right over the apex of her bladder. She winced but didn't utter a word for the fear of being caught. Her hands tightly clasped her thighs. Rocking back and forth she stared out of the window but nothing was taking her mind off her revolting bladder. Every altitude drop , every turbulence ate away her precious muscle strength. She curled her toes and concentrated all her efforts to keep the flood in. The dull ache in her bladder had worsened considerably since the last three hours or so.

When it was finally time to land Sona became alert. Having been seated for the entire afternoon dressed in an unforgiving tight jeans , she was afraid to stand. When she did stand, a sharp wave of pee hit her like a truck. Despite that she dared to press onto her already tortured bladder to feel the intensity. Her bladder angrily reacted to it by sending another huge wave through her urethra. Her hands flew down to the sides of her thighs. Even in her utterly desperate state she did not want to lose her credibility of being able to wait.

The landing and the taxing was making Sona pull her hair in despair. She wanted to scream and just dash for the nearest toilet. When finally out of the aircraft, she waddled to the VIP lounge looking for the restrooms when her manager called.

"Sona, we heard that your flight was rerouted to Srinagar. I have arranged for a cab which is right outside the airport. Grab it now. You have to reach there before dawn anyhow."

"Noted." That was the only thing Sona could muster to say . She had to relieve herself - NOW! She was at a 9/10 and running on last reserves of her willpower.

Her eyes fell on the sign of the ladies room but there was a huge line of women waiting to go in. She could not stand without subtly bobbing her legs up and down. Several passengers clicked her photos and even asked for selfies. She gladly obliged to a few of them but then more people started to come to her. At the same time her kidneys were relentlessly pumping more and more pee into her tortured bladder. She was pee dancing now and she yearned to put some pressure on her labia to keep the flood at bay. Fortunately the rough seams of her so tight jeans and her tight rubber undies vigorously rubbed against her pussy to give her some temporary relief.

It had been 17 long hours since her last relief in the morning and nearly 4 liters of intake. Sona was not used to such tremendous load. Her body was betraying her but she had to act quickly. She rushed out of the airport to see a young lady holding a board with her name on it. Sona rushed to the lady who then escorted Sona into the SUV. Sona hurriedly asked the lady.

"Is there any bathrooms around. I have to piss like a racehorse."

"No Ma'am, outside airport there are none!" The lady politely replied.

"Please understand. I have not gone since early morning and had too much to drink. I will lose it in your car."

The lady was now horrified. She called Sona's manager to explain the situation.

"Sona" her manager answered the call "Baby! We cannot stop anywhere in the road . You have to cover 500km over night and the roads are far too dangerous."

"I I know. .But please. . I can't hold it yaaar! My teeth is afloat with pee" Sona tightly gripped her pussy in sheer desperation.

"No Sona! You will hold it till you reach there in the morning! No matter how long it takes or how bad it gets! Your driver has packed some food for your already . So cork yourself up. "

"P-please try to . . "

"Sona do you really want people to put up your public peeing videos on the Insta ?"

"My bladder w-will explode till the morning. "Sona pleaded with tears in her voice.

"So be it. . ." Her manager hung up on her.

Without much ado the lady driver locked the doors and started off with Sona still massively desperate and unrelieved. . .

To be continued. . .

*003*2019-01-05 09:28

{{

17 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

This is excellent poor sona though

}}

Thank you so much @Melificentfan

I am also working on the sequel. Sona is in for a long day!

{{

2 hours ago, daniel2 said:

Great story! Cant wait for more!

}}

@daniel2

: Thanks a lot! More will follow soon

*006*2019-01-06 10:44

{{

18 hours ago, Peefreak said:

Can't wait for the next part i hope she makes it tho

}}

Any guesses if she can...

{{

8 hours ago, FullBladder85 said:

Great start to another story from you.

The last Pains of a Super Star story you wrote was definitely one of your better stories, and I'm thinking this one will be just as good.

}}

I am glad you liked it. Don't you love Sona already!! .. Also I have dropped you a message..please let me know what you think of it. Need your help

*009*2019-01-07 10:33

{{

20 hours ago, peedespes02 said:

That is a great story you have here. She had a lot in her and long flight suck holding it. Plane toilets suck and small. I can wait to read the rest.

Keep posting them.

}}

She still has a lot of challenges in her way. . .How long do you think she can hold it?

{{

20 hours ago, Pain said:

Great story, my dear friend! I wish to see you continuing this!

I can't hold it yaaar! Haha! Epic!

}}

Thanks a lot @Pain

. The word yaar really brings in the despair in her voice isn't it?!

*012*2019-01-22 16:33

@peedespes02

& @peefreak : Sorry to keep you waiting guys. I am already working on the 2nd part. However due to the tight schedule of my college I am finding it difficult to devote enough time for it. But I will definitely put it up within 4-5 days.

*016*2019-05-08 17:51

First of all - Let me apologize to everyone here. I failed to keep my words about putting up the new post...

This MBA is way more hectic than I could have imagined.

Now coming to the 2nd part:

Sona got into the car. Though it seemed more like a cigarette box. There was barely any room for her legs and her 6 inch heels further pushed her knees upto her boobs. The seatbelt added to her agony. Poor Sona could neither move, nor lay down nor cross her legs. Her bladder was squeezed to the inch of its life and to top it off the heater in the car was not warm enough. Pee worth 18 hours was trying to erupt out of the weakening confines of her bladder.

The duo soon hit the road. For the first hour or so, Sona tried concentrating all her will to hold back her flood and refrained from grabbing her pussy. But her angry bladder would have none of her stupidity. It threatened to push the pee out with such ferocity that Sona gasped. Her hands flew down to her crotch. The lady driver was shocked and amused at the same time. She kept watching Sona through the mirror. Every bump, every pothole brought Sona closer to an accident.

An hour or two later Sona was weeping. Her bladder hurt so bad that it was getting unbearable for her. She desperately tried to unbutton her jeans with her shivering hands but they had gotten too tight to unbutton.

"Madam, please do not soil the seat. It takes days to dry." The driver warned.

Sona almost threw daggers through her eyes upon hearing that. "Then you better stop the car NOW!"

The lady driver was now pissed off. She pulled over on the roadside.

"Go empty yourself"

It came as a shock to Sona. She hurriedly unbuckled her seat belt and stepped out of the car only to find a snow covered patch. There was nowhere to hide or cover herself. She hobbled to the driver and begged to take her to a proper toilet nearby.

"This is the only stop you get. I cannot risk getting mugged at a public toilet just because my celebrity passenger cannot hold back her pee worth a day!"

"Only if you ever held it half as long as I do now. . . " Sona whined.

"Ma'am as a matter of fact, I have not gone since yesterday morning!" Sona's jaw dropped on the ground.

There was no way Sona could win this argument. With superhuman efforts she prevented a leak and got back into the car. The lips of her pussy throbbed as she clenched her lady muscles. Hours passed by slowly and her desperation rose to higher levels. Her washboard flat abs was replaced by a gargantuan sized ball which threatened to rip the seams of her zero-stretch jeans. The slightest sip of water to keep herself hydrated hit her bladder very hard.

It was 9 in the morning when they reached. 27 hours from her last relief. She was going crazy with the pressure inside. Her damn almost burst open when she stepped out of the car. Her hands almost flew to her crotch but seeing the army Major walk towards her she restrained herself. Little did she notice that she was already at the army check post. The army major walked towards her at once. He was a tall handsome guy with an extremely good physique. Sona bit her lips seeing the handsome hunk approach her.

Sona kept dancing on her spot as the major extended a handshake.

"Good morning Ma'am! Welcome to the world's highest army post!"

Sona almost melted while shaking hands with him.

"Ahhhh!!" She felt a spurt leak into her undies.

"Are you alright Ma'am?" The major worriedly asked. His piercing green eyes and deep masculine voice was starting to turn her on. Sona simply nodded in affirmative. Her cheeks were burning red out of embarrassment. A celebrity pissing uncontrollably in front of the army post at the very beginning of the day and that too in front of her newfound crush - she would have chosen to choke herself to death.

"Alright. . .So the plan of the day is to . . " The Major began explaining. Sona didn't hear a word of it. Her pupils were dilated and palms were going numb with the vice grip she had on her thighs. Her world was focused on a single point - her tired pee hole. "So are we good to go?" Sona was jolted back to reality.

"Do you think we can stop for a quick bio break? Its been a really long journey here you know" Sona spoke out of sheer despair.

"Please pay attention to the things I say Madam. This is not a film studio." The major replied sternly. " In the very beginning I told that toilets are available only at the barracks at the bottom of the hill. We will be going there only after dinner. You are fully expected to wait till then. "

Sona was taken aback. " How can you say this! Its a basic need!"

"Here's the copy of the document that you had signed on. It says that you agree to abide by all the rules of the army checkpost as per Annexure 1. And as per point 3 in Annexure 1, you agree that you agree to complete all the activities at the army post despite unavailability of toilets due to security reasons. And if I must tell you, at this all female army post, no one is allowed to go the toilets. Even at the barracks where we have limited availability of water, each barrack has access to toilets every alternate day only. While you do look like you badly need a toilet but I am afraid I will have to request you to hold it. I hope I have made myself clear Ms. Sonakshi. . . "

A chill went down her spine. There was no way she could hold it that long and no way she could say no to the seductive Major. She clenched her muscle one last time and with great efforts walked alongside him.

To be conitinued . . .

*018*2019-05-08 22:08

{{1 hour ago, jimpix123 said:

I'm gonna be honest, and don't think I don't appreciate you for putting the time into writing these in the first place but if it's gonna take a long time between each post then you may as well just write all of them together and then post them all at once. I'm tryna beat off to this dawg

}}

Hey there @jimpix123

..

Thank you for the appreciation. I agree with you about posting all the stuff at once so as to complete the story. The only problem I face is not getting enough time even for writing little chunks on a regular basis. On top of that I do not want to dilute the quality of the story.

As a writer I have not done justice to my audience by making them wait for sooo long. I will try not to repeat this in the future...

*021*2019-05-09 21:46

{{

23 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

This story is very fantastic I am enjoying reading this

}}

Thanks a lot @Melificentfan

. I will try to finish writing the next part very soon.

{{

15 hours ago, huberp76 said:

Great story, thank you.

}}

Thank you so much @huberp76

. Means a lot to me.

