Training the Maid

Author: Riverstone76

*000*2021-07-17 00:30

Training the Maid

Chapter1:

It had been six months since Mariela was cut from her job, and because of that, she had been out on the streets for the last four months, scraping by with whatever kindness strangers would leave her as they walked by.

The twenty-three year old got up from the curb she was sitting on, her shorts caked in stains and dirt along with her face and hands. Her shirt was ripped in the back which exposed her dingy bra strap. She smelled from not having a proper shower for days, and looked around before making her way towards the nearby McDonalds with what little change she had.

She walked into the fast food, and immediately, an employee stopped her.

“What are you doing here?”

“I was just going to use the restroom.”

“The restrooms in here are for paying customers,” the young girl told her.

“Yes, I have money.”

“Let me see.”

Mariela sighed and reached into her pocket and pulled out two wrinkled dollar bills, six dimes, and 8 nickels. “That’s enough to get something, right?”

The employee shook her head. “It’s not that much. I’ll take your money for you and get you some food. My manager will not let you order like you are.”

“That’s fine,” Mariela held her stomach. “I don’t really care what it pays to eat, I just want anything. And now, may I use your restroom?”

“No. The bathrooms in this establishment are clean, and people are doing to doubt that if they see you coming out like you are. Just wait here, and I’ll get your food.”

“But….”

“Look, if you move from this spot, I’m not going to hunt you down. You’ll lose your money for nothing. So, either you want to eat, or you don’t.”

Mariela nodded.

She was put just outside the restaurant door to wait, and while she didn’t think the girl meant to rob her, she did feel anxious to be separated from the only money she had for the night and probably the only meal she’d get with it.

It took an eternity for the girl to come back, but while the girl was gone, another woman walked up to her, and she lightly patted her on the shoulder to let her know she was there.

“I’m sorry,” Mariela said sadly as she moved aside thinking she was blocking the door.

“Sorry?” a taller blond girl asked.

“I was in your way, right?” Mariela asked.

“No, sweetie. I was just wandering, what are you doing out here all by yourself, and where are your parents.”

“That’s nice of you, miss, but I’m actually twenty-three years old.”

The woman dwarfed Mariela easily, and so the woman shook her head at the little dirty girl and shrugged.

“Baby, you don’t need to lie to me. I’m not going to turn you into the police if that’s what you are scared of. You’re probably an illegal Mexican, right? And your parents sent you to get food because they thought the police wouldn’t harass a child. Am I not right?”

Mariela shook her head. “No ma’am. I really am twenty-three years old.”

The woman sighed. “Okay, well, you are obviously waiting to go in to get something. Did you decide you didn’t have enough money? Maybe I can help.”

Mariela shook her head. “A nice young girl is getting my food for me.”

The woman shook her head and took the little girl by the hand and started to walk her into the restaurant.

“Come on, baby. Let’s get you and your family some food. I’m not buying any of this.”

Mariela tried to pull her hand back, but he woman was locked on to her wrist pretty good, and she pulled the little lady right into the store and they stood at the back of a line with twelve people in it.

Mariela squirmed a little bit, hoping she wouldn’t wet her pants in front of everyone while they were waiting to go to the front. She knew if she got caught in the restroom, the girl would get her thrown out and keep her money.

However, the tall blond that was with her, saw poor Mariela grabbing at her crotch and dancing around from time to time.

“You poor little child! You need to pee, don’t you?”

Mariela looked down and mumbled about not being allowed to go.

“Nonsense,” Susan told her. “I’m not in a hurry. I don’t care if we lose our place in line, you are going to the bathroom before you wet your pants, sweetie.”

She walked the girl, grabbing her tightly by the wrist again so she couldn’t pull away, and she marched her right into the sparkling clean restroom.

Susan stood by the sink.

“Go ahead go in the potty, baby. I’ll be right here, so if anyone tries to ask what you are doing in here, I’ll tell them I’m taking care of you.”

Mariela sighed and went into the toilet. She had no reason to fight what the lady was doing for her. It felt good to finally get to pee after waiting for who knows how long it was taking.

When Mariela came out of the toilets, the woman motioned for her to come to the sink, and she put the little woman’s hands into the water and started to wash them for her as if Mariela was a toddler or something.

“Ma’am, I do know how to wash my hands,” she tried to tell her, but the blond woman was not listening to her complaints as she washed her hands so they were cleaner than they had been in a while. When you were on the streets, it was hard to get soap, and normally, she felt too nervous being in a restroom like in McDonalds to clean her hands well enough because other people wanted to use the sink, and she also noted how black the sink got as she washed her hands in it.

“They are going to be pissed that I got the sink dirty,” Mariela told the nice though pretty stern and meddling woman.

“Who, honey? Your parents?”

“No, ma’am. I’m really an adult. The restaurant staff really told me to wait outside, and they told me if I went to the bathroom, I’d lose the money she took from me to get me something to eat.”

“Well, she’s no longer in charge of you eating, is she?” the taller woman said matter-of-factly. “I’m going to take care of you for now, and make sure you get something to eat. If you really are a woman, and not a child, then you really should be ashamed at how dirty you’ve allowed yourself to become.”

Mariela lowered her head in shame. She was ashamed of how she couldn’t take a shower, how she probably smelled, and how that she didn’t even have a place to live or nicer clothes to wear.

“What is your name, anyway, sweetheart?”

“Mariela,” she mumbled up at the meddler.

“My name is Susan. When we get up to the front, our story will be you are my niece from out of town, and you are dirty because you didn’t get a bath yet after being on the road for a while, and you got mad at my place because I was telling you what to do, telling you to get in the bathroom and clean yourself up or something like that.”

Mariela looked down.

“If you do what I say, you can get a meal not only tonight, but I’ll take you home so you can get a bath, and let you at least get one night of a good rest, okay?”

Mariela sighed and nodded. Even if she didn’t like the way it was happening, a nice meal, a refreshing shower, and a nice soft warm dry place to sleep was sounding like heaven.

They were finally at the counter, and the lady recognized her immediately when they got up there.

“I told you to wait outside,” the woman said. “Here, I have your bag of food.”

She pushed the sack towards her.

“Now get out before I call the police.”

Susan stepped up.

“Excuse me! Is that how we treat little kids who’ve been on the road now?”

“What? How. How do you know this dirty girl?”

“She’s my little niece. She was scared to get off of the bus while she was coming to my house because her parents got in some real trouble and they sent her to me. That’s why she’s kind of dirty.”

“Your niece looks like she’s been out on the streets for days.”

“She has,” Susan said. “But that’s really none of your business, is it? You are here to serve the public, and this child was a paying customer. So, she told me you didn’t let her come in to use the restroom. That is a violation of her rights. Maybe I’ll call the police!”

The commotion drew a manager over to the scene as people in line started talking about what they were talking about.

“You ought to be ashamed of yourself,” Susan rounded on the manager. “What do you train your employees to do? Attack a poor little fourteen year old girl, and practically make her pee her pants? Well, like it or not, I took my niece to your bathroom, and TOO FUCKING BAD she got your sink a little dirty washing her hands like a good girl!”

The manager got really red in the face and he rounded on the employee.

“Did you really tell that girl to stand outside?” he asked her.

“Well, her aunt wasn’t anywhere near….”

“Oh, so because she was a child,” Susan started but was cut off by the manager shushing her and then turning on the employee.

“You can go home for the day, Ms. Baker. We’ll talk about this incident tomorrow.”

The manager then handed Mariela the bag of food she bought and then went out around the bar where the customers order, and he took Susan and Mariela to a private corner where he whispered to them.

“I’m sorry to ask, little miss, but are you sure you made it to the toilet?”

Mariela’s face got really red, and Susan started to get red, too.

“I’m not just asking because I want to embarrass you, child. If you did wet, even a little bit in your panties, then we owe you some new clothes.”

He reached into his pocket and pulled out his wallet.

“Don’t worry, honey. That employee that was mean to you will be the one reimbursing me, but since I doubt you made it to the toilet because you do kind of smell, I’m going to go ahead and give you a hundred and twenty. That should help you get some clean clothes, right?”

Susan took the money from the man.

“Thank you so much sir. Are you going to fire that woman?”

“Is that what you want us to do?”

“Just firing her won’t teach your employees how to treat people. Punish her, preferably in front of the other employees so they know they can’t treat children like this, but don’t fire her.”

The manager nodded. “I’ll see what I can do, but rest assured, we will make sure our employees know not to treat people like that.”

“Thank you, sir.”

“Were you done ordering? There doesn’t seem to be much in this bag for the two of you.”

“Well, as I was saying, my niece was on the road with the last of the money her parents gave her, so she got mad at me earlier and left the house and probably thought she’d have to sleep on the streets again, but I went looking for her.”

“So, you still need food?”

“Yes sir.”

“Well, as you were supposed to be in line, I’ll get you near the front, okay?”

“Thank you, sir.”

“And since your aunt is buying you dinner, baby, how about I take that sack of food from you and give you back what little spending money you had?”

Mariela looked up at both of these people hardly able to speak at all. She hated that they were treating her like a child, but if she went along with everything thus far, she would have money for an extra meal, a place she could sleep safely and a nice bath. She just looked at her feet and nodded her head.

Susan bent down to the little woman, and she patted her bottom to check her.

“You did wet, didn’t you, honey?”

Mariela shook her head.

“Mariela, aunt Susan is not mad at you. It’s not your fault that you were made to wet your pants like that. Don’t be scared, sweetheart.”

Susan took the little woman’s hand and started to lead her back to the lines, where the manager put her right behind the last guy that walked up to order.

“There, now you’ll be next.” He told the supposed aunt with her dirty niece. “I’m sorry about the inconvenience, but the woman and her little niece were taken out of line at the fault of our store, so we had to let them order as soon as possible. It would have been no different to you had she been able to order when she was supposed to be able to.”

The customers clapped though instead of getting irritated. Some of the people chanted “fire the waitress. Fire the waitress.”

Susan turned on the crowd.

“And where would that young woman go for work?” she asked them. “I asked the store to punish her for her inconsideration, but with the way things are right now, firing her will only mean she’ll be living on YOUR taxes that you are paying. Is that really what you want?”

The crowd got quiet.

Susan finally satisfied, went to ordering.

“What did you want to eat, baby?”

“I only had about three dollars, aunty,” Mariela decided to play up to Susan’s story.

“I’m not talking about how much money you had, baby. That’s your spending money, and has nothing to do with how much I’ll spend to make sure you eat good. Order what you want, and make sure it costs at least seven dollars, baby.”

“Seven?”

“That’s what I said. Or more. You are a growing girl. You need to eat. I know you’ve had it hard with your family, but your daddy sent you to my house because he knew I could feed you better than that.”

Mariela nodded with tears streaming down her face at the taller woman’s kindness. She shyly pointed a happy meal, but the supposed Aunt Susan smiled and said… “What else, baby? That’s barely four dollars, and barely enough to eat for a fourteen year old little lady.”

Mariela looked up at her gratefully.

“I mean it, sweetie. You don’t have to conserve at my house like you had to for the last, what, couple of months?”

“Four,” Mariela whispered ashamed of being on the streets for that long.

“Well, whatever, baby. You have got to be more hungry than that, so what other burger or whatever do you want?”

“Can I have a shake?” the girl asked.

“Of course, baby, but that’s still only two more dollars. I still need you to order another sandwich.”

Mariela looked down.

“Too shy, huh? Or don’t know what you want? How about I get you an extra cheese burger then, and if you turn out to be full, then I’m sure Uncle Steve will eat it, otherwise, it will be there for you when you decide you are still hungry.”

Mariela nodded, tears just getting more insistent at coming down her face.

Susan took the food, after she order for her and this man named Steve, and she pointed the girl out of the restaurant towards her light blue Nissan four door sedan.

“Get in the back,” she told the little girl. “First of all, you did pee your pants, even if you don’t want to admit it, and Steve and I both would really not want to sit in your pee spot tomorrow when we go to work.”

Mariela nodded.

“You are also supposed to be a child, and it is better that children ride in the back anyway.”

Mariela nodded.

Susan didn’t go straight home, though. She took the dirty little woman to a second hand clothing store.

“We are not getting your main things here,” Susan told her. “We’ll spend the hundred and twenty that that kind man will deduct from the waitress’s wages at a regular place, but you can’t go into a regular place in the clothes you are wearing, and I have nothing at my house that will fit you, sweetheart.”

Mariela nodded.

The woman took her around and found a floral top for five dollars and a jean skirt for fifteen. She got her some panties that looked like they came brand new, and she got her socks and a pair of better shoes.

“This isn’t coming from the hundred and twenty?” Mariela asked Susan.

“No, baby. That would not be right. The man paid for you to get some nice clothes, not hand me downs. This is just so you can have a bath and have something to wear in the morning.”

Mariela nodded.

“Now, I think I’m going to call in sick tomorrow so we can get you some clothes together, and then get you at least one more nice meal before you are on your way. And we won’t spend the whole hundred and twenty because you’ll need money for a motel or something so you can keep clean. Maybe if you are cleaner, if you really are an adult, you can find a job a little easier.”

Mariela nodded.

When they were done at the second hand store, though, Susan also stopped at the drug store.

“Stay out here in the car,” she told her pretend niece. “You don’t need to use the restroom, do you?”

Mariela shook her head no.

“Okay, I’ll be right back, but there’s no reason to go in there in your wet pants embarrassing you. I had to take you into the clothing store because I didn’t know what size to get you.”

Mariela nodded though she really didn’t pee her pants.

Mariela sighed as she sat in the comfortable car, wishing she could stay somewhere comfortable like this after tomorrow. She would do almost anything to have this comfort again, and she had practically done anything, even selling her body if a guy was nice enough to her beforehand.

Soon, Mariela was pulling up to a nice two story house, and judging by the foundation, he figured it also had a basement.

“Come on, little one,” Susan said to her as she opened the car door. “You’re home, baby.”

Mariela thought that all that niece carp was just for the public so that they would think Susan had a reason to help her. But Susan was not dropping the child act. Did she really think Mariela was a lost child or something?

“Steve, are you home?” Susan called out as she opened the door. “I brought home dinner and a little something else.”

A man a little taller than even Susan came around the corner and looked down at the very dirty little woman, her brown hair so dingy, it was hard to tell if the brown in it was her natural hair color or dirt.

“Who is this?” Steve asked Susan.

“I’ll tell you about her after we get her in the bath and cleaned up a bit. But she needs to eat first.”

Steve nodded.

Mariela felt really small as she walked behind the two tall people, and they led her to the dining room.

“So, what’s your name, honey,” Steve asked her as if she was a child.

“Mariela,” she mumbled a little intimidated by his size. He wasn’t only tall, but was well filled out so his body matched how tall he was. He was not fat by any means, but he was definitely a lot bigger than she was. He was like a giant.

“Mariela,” he smiled and nodded at Susan who smiled.

“Little Mariela was outside McDonalds trying to get some food, and some mean people in there told her to wait outside like she was a dog or something. They wouldn’t even let her use the bathroom.”

“Is that why she smells?”

“Obviously,” Susan said. “There’s no telling how long the little child has been out on the streets, but she’s obviously had a hard time keeping clean because look at her. Even if she hadn’t wet her pants outside of McDonalds, and was still leaking when I took her in, basically trying really hard not to wet until she got her food, but failing at it.”

“Poor little one,” Steve said.

“I know, right.”

Mariela frowned at them both.

“I didn’t wet my pants,” she tried to say but because of how big they were, and how they talked, she felt too intimidated to get mad or stay it with confidence.

Steven walked over and put an arm around her hugging her from the back.

“Well, we’ll have to call the police to find out where her parents are,” he told Susan.

“Please! Don’t call the police,” the woman shivered.

“What’s wrong, honey? Did you steal something? Are you in trouble with the police or something?”

Mariela looked down tears in her eyes.

“I don’t have identification. I was fired from my last job about six months ago because the restaurant was going to be inspected. Someone said they let illegals work there, and since I don’t have papers, I might be an illegal.”

“Might be?” Steve asked her.

“Well, I’ve never had papers as far back as I can remember. I came to the states when I was twelve, but somehow, I got separated from my parents, and then turned over to these people who kind of raised me incognito until I was seventeen. Then, I was turned out on my own after I got a restaurant job, and I just got fired from it six months ago, after working there for almost six years.”

The two people looked at one another and then back at the little girl.

“Honey, that’s an interesting story, but immigration would have sent you back with your parents if they caught you, and if someone smuggled you into the country, they would not have just let you go like that.”

Mariela shook getting frustrated. She had no proof to her story at all, and she was aware that she was so short and she basically looked like a dirty child sitting there like that.

“Mariela, baby, you are going to be our niece from now on,” Susan told her. “You’d like to not have to go back out on the streets, wouldn’t you?”

Mariela frowned. “But I’m really twenty-three years old.”

“I know what you are saying, baby, but look at it this way. If you keep saying you are twenty-three, and you convince us to let you take care of yourself, do you think you are going to find another job if you really are an illegal?”

Mariela started to think on that, but they continued.

“On the other hand, if you accept your fate as a fourteen year old child, and you stay with us as our niece, you can eventually get papers that we will get for you, and when you turn eighteen, in four years, you’ll have papers so you can work.”

Mariela keep looking down at her lap.

“Can I take some time to think this over?” she asked them.

“Sure, baby. Take a week, if you need it, but after a week, if you still haven’t decided, and you are still in our house, then you will be treated as our niece, who has no other place to go, and you will be disciplined as a child if you try to run away after that, understand?”

Mariela nodded.

“She’s done eating,” Steve observed. “Take that poor little stinky girl to the bathroom and get her out of those peed in pants, honey.”

Susan nodded.

Susan took Mariela by the hand and led her to the bathroom closing the door behind them.

“Baby, don’t be scared. Uncle Steve just said it like that because he wanted you to recognize how dirty it was to sit in peed in pants for that long. He wasn’t trying to be mean, and he was trying to get you motivated to get a shower, baby.”

Susan started to help her undress.

“I can do that, Susan.”

“Aunt Susan or Aunty, while you are under my room, honey. And yes, I suppose you could, but Aunty is going to help her little niece because her baby niece made a boo boo in her pants and she needs to be cleaned. Besides, you haven’t had a proper bath for about four months, right?”

Mariela nodded.

“That’s a long time to not be properly clean, and I don’t trust you to get yourself clean enough. You are too nervous and worried about wasting things like our water to spend all the time you need to get clean, baby. But if I clean you up, you have no choice but to stay here as long as I decide you are still dirty and still need to be washed, right?”

Mariela looked down. It did make sense, and she was right, that Mariela would likely try to hurry it up so she didn’t waste these people’s resources.

*001*2021-07-17 22:21

Chapter 2

Mariela was not used to someone trying to wash her, and after Susan just barely started to wipe her back with a cloth, the girl pulled away and backed away from her.

“Miss, thank you so much for helping me, but I really can clean my own body.”

“Mariela, you stink, you’re dirty, and you really do need help. Now get back over here so I can wash you.”

“Please, I can do it myself!”

“Steve!” Susan called for her bigger boyfriend to come and help her.

Mariela froze for a moment when Susan called for him. She really didn’t want a man she barely knew to see her naked. It was bad enough with Susan.

“Pl… please don’t let him in here,” Mariela whimpered.

But it was too late. Steve slammed the door wide open, and he frowned at Mariela standing against the far end of the tub trying to avoid Susan.

Steven sighed.

“Look, child, my girlfriend is just trying to clean you up. I promise, no one is going to hurt you, baby. Now, you can be a good girl and let her clean you up, or I can go and hold you in my lap so she can clean you up. Which do you want?”

“Um… she can do it. Please? Can you get out?”

Mariela was trying to cover her very small nearly A-size breast and her privates, one with each hand as she blushed bright red and prayed he’d leave.

“Promise to be a good girl and let Aunt Susan clean you up?”

Mariela nodded.

“Prove it. Move closer to her, and once she starts washing you again, I’ll leave the bathroom, but now the door stays open so I can come right in if she needs me again.”

Mariela nodded and shakingly, stepped towards Susan who immediately started to wash her shoulders and back again.

“Good girl,” Steve said to her. And he disappeared beyond the left side of the door that was left wide open.

As Susan washed the petite Latin American girl, the bottom of the tub had dark black sudsy water falling off of the dirty girl. She was so filthy, the water in the tub’s bottom looked like a black sea.

“Look at how dirty you are, baby,” Susan said to her as she rinsed her off and then started to soap up the cloth again to wash back over her shoulders and back.

Mariela knew that she was dirty. She couldn’t help it being on the streets, and she really wanted to show them she knew how to shower, but it seemed like trying to prove that right now would only get that Steve Giant called in and Mariela put in his lap for a washing. She didn’t need that!

Susan washed the girl’s body five times! That was when the water started to fall clear from her body, no indication of dirt in it at all. Her bottom had some caked, dirty, well, what does a girl do when she has to sometimes poop somewhere where there is no toilet? There was nothing to wipe with, and so, she had to pull her panties up with her bottom still dirty more times than she could count which definitely left some stuff inside her butt cheeks.

“Look at that,” Susan had shown her the brown from her bottom. “You nearly pooped her pants, how many times, sweetheart?”

“I didn’t poop my pants,” she said looking down.

“Well, then, what is this?”

“I sometimes had to poop in the field with nothing to wipe with. I had to pull my pants up as is, and so….” Her face burned red.

“Well, whatever, honey. It’s still not healthy to go like that for a long time, no bath, poop stuff in your bottom, and probably constantly peeing yourself because of things happening to you like what happened earlier at McDonalds.”

Mariela didn’t deny the things the woman said, not even about sometimes peeing her pants. The truth, she did sometimes leak in her pants because of things like that… but she never completely wet herself.

The woman finally smiled at the clear water running down the girl’s legs, and she reached in to help her out.

“Steve?”

“I was a good girl,” Mariela said. “Why do you need him?”

“Honey, I’m just asking him to bring the clothes we bought you. I left them in the living room, remember?”

Mariela nodded.

While Steve was getting her clean clothes, Susan moved the timid little Latina lady to their spare room, where she finished drying her off and then had her sit on the bed.

Steve came in with the bags from the drugstore first.

Mariela raised an eyebrow at that. Why would they need those? She had seen Susan get the panties and everything at that discount store.

Susan, however, in answer reached into a dark bag and pulled out a small package of diapers.

“What is that?” Mariela asked the fake aunt.

“What does it look like?” Susan asked her. “We are getting you ready for bed, so you need to wear this for now.”

“Why?”

“Because you might wet in your sleep, little lady.”

“I… I don’t. Honest! I can go to the bathroom when I have one close by.”

Steven came into the room with Mariela’s other things while Susan was opening the diaper.

“Don’t tell me you are going to fight your aunt to get your diaper on you for the night,” Steve said giving her a scary look.

“No?” Mariela shivered and pulled back climbing on the bed and getting in a corner trying to get out of Steve’s reach. Her towel forgotten, now, as she was more wanting to get away from him than worried about what he had already seen of her body.

“It looks like to me you are trying to stop Aunt Susan from putting a diaper on you, baby.”

“But I don’t need diapers! I don’t pee my pants all the time like that. Honest!”

“If I have to grab you,” Steve warned her. “I will put the diaper on you, not your Aunt Susan!”

Mariela started to sniffle and a tear went down her face. “I don’t want to wear diapers, please!”

“Honey, this is for you,” Susan tried to console her. “If you are wearing a diaper and then you wet because you were sleeping, then your Uncle Steve and I will not be upset at you. If you pee your pants while you are awake or you don’t wear a diaper and make a big mess in your bed or in the house, though, we’ll have to punish you.”

Mariela shook her head. “But you don’t need to punish me cause I won’t wet my pants or the bed. I promise.”

“Well, I’m sorry, baby, but after seeing how dirty you were in the bath, and your wetting accident at McDonalds, I just can’t trust you to stay dry in the night,” Susan told her.

“Wear a diaper for the night,” Steve told her. “If by breakfast tomorrow morning, your diaper is still dry, then we will reconsider making you wear diapers after that.”

Mariela shook her head. “I… I don’t think I want to stay with you guys after all.”

“You are just being rebellious because of the diaper,” Susan told her. “Look, baby, I don’t know what your parents or other people taught you, but a diaper is not to punish you. It’s to simply keep your clothes clean or your bedding at night. If we were to punish you, it would have nothing to do with a diaper, baby.”

“But I really don’t need diapers,” Mariela started to sob.

Steve looked at Susan with a funny expression on his face.

“No, Steve,” Susan said sternly. “We are not giving in. I saw her first hand wet her pants, and she was pretty much at home doing it. She’s been living out in the wild too long and doesn’t understand proper etiquette with toileting.”

Steven sighed. “Do you want me to go get her?”

“Not just yet.”

Susan turned to Mariela.

“Mariela, baby, if you come over here and let me diaper you right now, whether you are wet or not in the morning, I’ll let you wear panties during the day unless I find you wetting your pants again.”

Mariela frowned. “But I didn’t wet.”

“Don’t lie, baby. Your other dingy shorts were soaked after the McDonalds people didn’t let you go potty. And you didn’t really look that upset after you had wet, either. You even pretended to go potty when I took you, so as to try to hide you did it in your pants already.”

Mariela sighed. It was clear these people were not going to believe she had not wet her pants, and they were going to get her in a diaper one way or another, and she knew if she pushed the guy too much, he might be the one putting the diaper on her, and she really didn’t want that.

“Okay,” Mariela said. “If you promise that only Susan puts it on me, then I’ll let her.”

“If you so much as move a let wrong, though, I’m going over to take over,” Steve warned her.

Mariela nodded. She didn’t have any choice.

Mariela started to wonder if their meeting was by chance at all, the more the two seemed to be getting comfortable with not only continuing with the this little niece-child play, but with actually treating her less and less like an adult and much more like a little girl.

After she was diapered, Aunt Susan let her borrow an old shirt that came down to just above the girl’s knees.

“You can use that as a sleeping shirt for the night,” Susan had told her. “Now, how about a little television before bed?”

While they set her up to watch some television, and having locked the channels so that she could only basically watch childish programs, the two adults went off to clean things up. Susan cleaned the kitchen, and Steve went to the bathroom to work on the bathtub.

Mariela didn’t remember when they put her to bed, or how she got there, but in the morning, she was starting to open her eyes in a nice soft bed, that sort of made a crinkle sound as she moved. She pushed the light blanket back that covered her, but still didn’t see the source of the noise, though the long shirt riding up had revealed to her that the night before, being put in a diaper, was not a dream.

She climbed off of the bed and pulled the fitting sheet partly off, and then she realized it. They had put a plastic sheet over the mattress sometime between having diapered her, and having put her to bed for the night.

She shook her head and started towards the bedroom door.

“I’m not going to stay here,” she whispered to herself. “…If they are going to put me in diapers and keep making it seem like I’m a toddler.”

She started out into the empty dim hallway, the light of the sun blocked at the windows by curtains. Remembering where the bathroom was, she moved in that direction as quietly as possible, but apparently not quietly enough.

“Mariela,” she heard startling her to jump as she turned to face Steve.

“What are you doing out of your room?” Steve asked her.

“I was just… trying to go to the bathroom,” the little twenty-three year old girl said looking down not really any bolder in facing this man than she had been the night before.

“Well, you are in a diaper,” Steve reminded her. “You do realize, before you can get on the toilet, you need your aunt or me to take your diaper off you so you don’t have to wet yourself, don’t you?”

Mariela shook her head. “I didn’t think about that. I just thought I could just pull it down….”

“Well, you need one of us to do it for you. What if you pooped your pants? If you tried to drop your diapers, the poop would get all over.”

“I’m not going to do that,” Mariela frowned looking into Steve’s eyes.

“Come here, baby. Before I take you potty, I need to see if your diaper is wet.”

Mariela sighed and walked over so he could see, though the nightshirt surely prevented him seeing anything.

He lifted her shirt up, and touched the front and back of her diaper.

As he checked her, Susan came out of the bed behind him that he must have come out of.

“Is she wet?” Susan asked Steve.

“I don’t think so. She wants us to take her to the potty though.”

“You do that. I’ll go down and start breakfast.”

“Please,” Mariela started but Steve gave her a look. Though it was meant to intimidate her into compliance, and though her legs shook, she continued. “I promise to be good for Miss.”

“Aunty,” Steve corrected her.

“That’s what I meant, aunty. I promise to be good. Please, can’t?” but Steve was rubbing her back with his hand and she was shaking with nervousness at what they might do, and suddenly, she started to feel warmth in her diaper and then warmth in her face.

“What is it?” Steve picked the little lady up and held her, his hand under her squishy seat as she continued to flood it with her pee.

“Aw, the baby doesn’t need the toilet anymore,” Steve told Susan.

“Well, take her down to the kitchen. We need to feed her breakfast, and then I can change her while you are getting ready for work.”

Steve nodded and carried her, her bladder still spraying a bit here and there until they got into the kitchen, and he put her down in the chair at the table.

“You see?” Susan said to her with a smile. “I knew my little niece was going to have an accident before breakfast.”

Mariela frowned and shivered as she realized that’s exactly what happened. She had never felt herself get so stiff and so nervous as to just start feeling warmth in her diaper before she realized the source.

“No one is mad, baby. We told you, if you wear a diaper last night, and you did, that we would not be upset if you wet before breakfast this morning.”

Mariela nodded her face crimson red.

“Now, we know you just woke up, so it was probably just the finishing from you wetting the bed as would be natural for someone living out in the wild as you have, on the streets. No one is going to judge you on that,” Susan continued. “But this is exactly why you need to wear diapers for a while when you go to sleep here, honey. Eventually, it’s going to get better, and you’ll stop wetting your pants again.”

Steven sat down next to her nodding at what Susan told her. Susan was now getting bowls and some cereal out and making some toast.

“How long you guys going to treat me like a baby?” Mariela asked them.

“As long as you are still underage and need to stay under our roof, honey. We are not treating you like a baby. We are treating you like our niece who has had a hard time on the streets, though you are still a young girl.”

Mariela sighed.

“Now, I really don’t want to spank you today,” Steve told Mariela. “So, are you going to be a good girl and do what Aunty asks, and wait to try to make up your mind of leaving us until I get home from work so we can talk about it?”

Mariela nodded.

“Good girl,” Steve said standing up and walking behind her to hug her from the back again like he did the night before. “And if you don’t want aunty putting you back in a diaper before bedtime, I suggest you tell her as soon as you gotta pee while you are out so you don’t wet your pants, baby.”

Mariela nodded blushing again. She hated how fascinated these people seemed to be with the idea that they thought she peed herself the previous day, and how it was really their fault she didn’t get to the bathroom this morning before she had an accident.

“Aunty Susan is not only going to take you to get some clothes, honey, but after, we’ll go and get you some decent toys to play with, too.”

Mariela looked up at Susan who looked dead serious. She opened her mouth to argue the point, but at seeing how Susan was looking at her, and with Steve still hugging her from behind, so was easy to catch her if she needed a spanking, she just nodded and went along with what they said.

“What do you do if you wet your pants at the store?” Steve whispered in the little woman’s ear.

“Um…. I…,” Mariela trailed off not really knowing.

“You tell Aunty Susan in her ear that you had an accident, and that you are sorry you forgot to tell her you had to go potty,” Steve told her. “You let Aunty Susan clean you up, and when I get home, if Aunty Susan tells me you were a good girl and was obedient, even if you did wet yourself and get scolded by her, then I’ll get you something special.”

Mariela sighed and nodded. “I promise,” she said.

Susan placed some cereal right in front of the little woman and two slices of toast with jam on them, and that’s when Steve stopped hugging her and let her eat.

Gratefully, the child-like little twenty-three year old started to eat.

Both Susan and Steve nodded their approval as the girl quietly started on her cereal, and Susan gave Steve his, and then she sat and ate.

“Baby,” Susan said as they ate. “If you want to wear panties, I’ll put them on you, but if you wear a diaper, you’ll be allowed to wet your pants without getting in any trouble.”

“I don’t want to wet my pants,” Mariela frowned.

Susan nodded but her mouth turned firm and tight. “You better not, then. If you wet yourself with panties on, Aunty will have to spank you. Understand?”

Mariela nodded.

Soon enough, they had finished breakfast, and Susan had wiped off Mariela before changing her into her better clothes for the day, and then Susan got dressed all the while, Steve got himself ready for work.

*002*2021-07-18 00:58

Chapter 3

When everyone was ready to leave the house, Susan took Mariela by the hand, and she started to march her, not toward the house exit and the car, but back to the bathroom.

“What?” Mariela asked.

“I want you to try to go potty,” Susan told her.

“Excuse me, Miss….”

“Aunty,” Susan reminded her with an exasperated sigh.

“Sorry. Aunty. But I know if I gotta go….”

“I don’t care. I want you to sit and try.”

“I don’t gotta go, though.”

Steve came along to see why they were not going out to the car, and he heard the last little bit.

“Mariela, you said you were going to be good. Do you need a spanking?”

“No sir.”

“No, Uncle,” Susan reminded her.

“Sorry. No, Uncle Steve.”

Now, it was Steve’s turn to take her hand and he pulled her right into the bathroom, and he stared at her.

Mariela waited for him to leave the bathroom, but he just stood there.

“Are you waiting for me to pull down your pants for you?” he asked the shaking shy little woman.

“Sorry, no.”

She was too scared to back talk, and she had a feeling he was not intending on leaving her alone this time, so shakily, she unbuttoned her skirt and pulled it down. Looking up to see if he was going to let her go in peace, and seeing that he was just going to stand there and make sure she try, she reluctantly pulled down her panties and sat down.

“You will learn to be a good girl,” Uncle Steve told her. “We are your guardians, now, sweetheart. It is our job to make sure you eat and you are taken care of. Fighting us is only going to cause you trouble.”

Mariela nodded.

“Try to pee, baby.”

She sighed and looked down at her legs, willing at least a little to come out so that he would let her standing up, but she was still completely as dry as an old well.

After several minutes, Steve pulled her off the toilet and looked down into the bowl behind her.

“Not even a little?” he asked her.

“No,” she shivered and whimpered. She was not prepared, and he swatted her butt once hard enough that it stung before he started to pull her panties and then her skirt up.

“I don’t care if you gotta pee next time,” he told her. “You don’t argue with your Aunt or I’ll give you a proper spanking. Understand?”

Mariela nodded, her mouth taut and her legs shaking. They had threated her with a spanking several times, but now, with the unexpected swat to her backside, she knew that they were serious.

“Good,” he finished getting her skirt arranged and then took her out to Susan.

“Did she go?”

“She tried,” he replied. “She might have been nervous because I was making sure she didn’t try to leave before trying, but you’re going to make me late if you wait much longer for her. Just get in the car, and you try to take her again at the store. She knows she better do what you say or I’ll spank her.”

Mariela nodded.

Susan sighed and shook her head. “I hope she doesn’t wet her pants, then.”

“Well, if she does, then maybe she’ll learn to obey you,” Steve said with a voice of authority that ended the conversation.

A couple of hours later, after dropping Steve off at Ace Hardware, in the back of the store where employees always arrived, Susan drove her little pretend niece a formal office looking place. There was a sign near the front of the parking lot, but Mariela had not noticed it long enough to read it before Susan had driven through and parked the car.

“Now, you need to be on your very best behavior here,” she warned the little twenty-three year old woman as if she was a young teenager. “If you disobey me here, you will be a sorry little miss, got me, honey?”

Mariela nodded and walked sheepishly behind her.

Before they knew it, Mariela had walked right into an office, the sign above the door saying something about lost identification or something.

“Why are we here?” Mariela felt a little nervous.

“You’ll see, sweetheart. Don’t be scared. Aunt Susan is right here.”

The girl nodded, but she did feel like something was nagging her, that if she made any scene at all, she might be discovered as a twenty-three year old illegal alien that might be arrest and who knows what would happen after that. She stayed very close to Susan, shivering a bit.

Susan walked up to the reception with the confidence of someone just coming to reapply for some lost documents.

“May I help you, Ma’am” the man behind the counter asked her.

“My name Susan Wayfeld, and I’m wondering where to go to get my little twelve year old niece replacement records.”

“How did she lose them?”

“Her family were kicked out of their house back in Iowa, and in the end, they just had enough money to send her on the bus to me, but when they sent her, they then realized that they had no proof of her identity.”

“I see. Do you know what hospital she was born at?”

“I’m sorry, I don’t. Her parents don’t have a phone, so it’s hard to contact them.”

“That’s alright, ma’am.”

The young man then turned to the little twenty-three year old woman that was just now called twelve years of age.

“What’s your name, sweetheart?”

“Mariela,” she frowned and looked down shyly.

“Mariela Wayfeld,” Susan spoke up for her.

“I’m sorry, but I need to ask the girl her information now, ma’am. I can’t have you answering for her and corrupting the data.”

“What do you mean, corrupting the data?”

“Look, ma’am. Go take a seat, and after we get things settled with her, I’ll call you back over and explain.”

Susan got red in the face and on her way of starting for the seats, she caused that Mariela’s hand had brushed her and she acted like Mariela had tried to pull her back.

She turned to Mariela and knelt down to her.

“Honey, it’s going to be okay. They just want to make sure of who you are, and then they’ll call Aunty right back up to you.”

The man smiled and nodded.

“Don’t worry, miss. Your Aunt will be right over in those seats. If you get scared, you can look behind you and see her.”

Mariela nodded not sure why Susan had made it seem like she was so scared.

Susan took her in close for a hug, but the hug was a pretense so she could whisper.

“You don’t want to get arrested,” she warned. “Wet your pants so they think you are scared, honey.”

Mariela nodded. She wasn’t scared, but she also didn’t want to get caught and taken by the police. She wasn’t sure if wetting her pants had anything to do with how she should be acting scared, but she also knew that Steve told her to obey Susan.

She turned back to the man behind the counter, and he started to ask her questions.

“How old are you, miss?”

“Almost thirteen,” she said. “My birthday is next month.”

“Do you know what state you were born in?”

“I… I forgot.”

“That’s okay, miss. How do you know that woman?”

“She’s my aunt. I think they said she’s my dad’s sister.”

“You don’t look white like her.”

“No. That’s cause my mom is Mexican. She grew up in America, but I think grandma on her side still lives in Mexico somewhere.”

“I see. Where did you last attend school?”

“Um… we been on the streets. It hard to go to school when you’re on the streets, so my dad sent me to Aunty’s house.”

“I see.”

The man started to write stuff into the computer.

“Sometimes, kids are kidnapped, and sometimes, clever kidnappers have them go through this process,” the man told her. “Are you sure that she’s your aunt?”

Mariela looked back over at Susan and frowned and then she turned back to the official clerk guy.

“She’s… She’s my aunt. Please. Don’t take me away from her?”

The man nodded and wrote something else down that made her nervous. Was he writing down that she looked at her aunt for some sign before answering? Was he believing her? Was her aunt right, that she should wet her pants? She pushed a little at her bladder trying to get it ready.

“Okay, and you don’t remember what state you were born in at all?”

Mariela shook her head, a tear coming down the right side of her face.

“It’s okay, Miss. I just have to double check stuff. You’re not in trouble.”

She still shook though, and she pushed at her bladder to do what Susan told her to do. If this guy was suspicious, then she needed to distract him from thinking about calling the police.

“How many brothers or sisters do you have?”

“It just me,” she said frowning out of the effort to try to pee her pants.

“Just you? Okay….”

He wrote that down, clicked the mouse a few times, and then looked back up at her.

“What’s your dad’s name?”

Mariela looked back at Susan. Maybe Susan had not figured they’d be separated because they had not gone over the story at all, and she didn’t know what to answer. She shook, and as she did, she actually got some pee to start splashing into her panties.

“I… I want my Aunty,” Mariela sniffled as she tried to get the stream to pick up.

“I’ll let you see your aunt after you answer a few more questions, miss. These are important. Now, what is your dad’s name?”

Mariela crouched down holding herself, but instead of trying to stop it, she tried to force it to come out, and she was peeing through her skirt, getting the back of it wet.

“Oh, miss,” the man stood up looking apologetically. “I didn’t mean to scare you. We just have…,” but he trailed off and signaled for someone behind him, and a manager came up.

“She just started wetting herself,” the clerk told him. “I was just doing the paperwork as normal, but she was really nervous when I sent her aunt to go sit down.”

“Come on,” the woman took the twenty-three year old’s hand and held her stand up to her full height of someone that didn’t look much taller than an eleven or twelve year old. “Why don’t you tell me why you are so scared, honey?”

Mariela decided she had to play this out as if her life depended on it.

“I was sent away from my mom and dad cause… cause… they… they were on the street and they said the street’s not safe. I rode the bus, and I kept getting scared when strangers sat by me. I kept wetting my pants cause I afraid to get off the bus, and the toilet in the back is so nasty and you have to pass these guys that… they were scary. And now, you make my aunt leave me here…” and then she pretended to break down into uncontrollable sobs.

She hoped the story and sobs were believable.

“Miss Wayfeld? Would you please come up and help your niece,” the manager called for Aunt Susan.

Susan smiled and walked up and she hugged her pretend niece.

“It’s okay, baby. Aunty’s got you now.”

“I think we’ve seen enough,” the clerk told them. “Look, I still need some information, so I need you to take these papers home and fill them out and return them as soon as you can. Once you do that, you will have the papers you need to get her enrolled in school and to take care of the other things you need as her guardians. If at all possible, also get her parents to sign a power of attorney giving you legal rights to make decisions for her.”

“Yes sir, um… yes ma’am,” it was clear that Susan wasn’t sure who she was supposed to be addressing.

“Take your little niece home and get her calmed down.”

They were soon out of the scary office, and Susan took Mariela’s hand to walk her to the car, where before she put her in, she bent down and hugged her.

“It’s alright, sweetheart. I know you were scared. I’m sure you wouldn’t have wet your pants had you not gotten scared,” she seemed to make a big deal out of saying that. Mariela just blushed and nodded at what she said.

Susan then opened the back door and let her get in.

“We’ll take you shopping now,” she said. “Unfortunately, there are no clean clothes at the house for you, so we’ll just have to let you pick out some nice stuff as you are.”

Mariela nodded.

“I know you probably think that was mean,” Susan told her. “But these papers are important if you don’t want the police hounding you. Even if you try to run away from us, now you’ll have papers that show you belong in America, well, in a couple of weeks, you will, so you will not be turned over to immigrations.”

Mariela looked down frowning, but still, she couldn’t deny having those papers would be very useful, so she said. “Thanks.”

“Thanks, what?” Susan asked her with the tone that she used when Mariela forgot to acknowledge her rightful place.

“Thanks, Aunty,” she sniffled. “But you told me I better not wet, and now, I wet my pants. Am I in trouble?”

“No, baby, because you didn’t wet just because you refused to use the bathroom. You wet because you got scared. That’s a completely different reason to wet, and not something I’ll punish you for. Just remember to tell me if you gotta pee the rest of the day, so I can get you to the potty, okay?”

Mariela nodded.

As they drove towards the their next destination, Mariela realized that maybe she actually trapped herself into staying with this Aunt Susan and Uncle Steve for at least the next two weeks. If they were to get her some papers, and it took two weeks to get the papers, surely, they were going to talk her into being their niece, at least until then?

She sighed and sat back, and felt along the front of her skirt, admiring the area that had gotten splatter with her real pee. All the night before, they had insisted she wore peed in shorts, but this was her real pee. She had done it. She had completely wet her pants in public, no less. Well, she did wet that morning, too, but the diaper made that whole experience a bit surreal, and she didn’t quite register she had even peed herself, especially since the diaper didn’t seem to let her skin feel the wetness that much.

Now, she was sitting in wet panties, her back of her skirt soaked, and the front of it having pee just around where her thighs might have closed if she closed her legs. It felt, strange. Not like… well, not as bad as she thought it would feel, but still. She knew it was fundamentally something even a twelve year old should be ashamed of, but it wasn’t the end of the world. Even those strangers in that documents office seeing her pee herself like that, it did not hurt as much as she thought it would.

The feel of her wet skirt and panties… she couldn’t explain it. She didn’t like it. She didn’t.

They came to the mall, and Susan parked the car and got out, walking around where she had Mariela in the backseat.

Mariela tried the backdoor, but it was locked to her. Stupid child locks, likely, Susan had made sure to turn them on on her since probably the last night when she took the supposed child home.

Susan opened the door, and she had Mariela get out and she inspected the damage a bit. The way she acted, it was as if Mariela had just peed herself in the seat in the car and not where they were. Mariela couldn’t explain what exactly that Susan did that made her feel that way, but she just knew that’s how it felt, as Susan turned her this way and that, looking her over.

“Well, there’s not much we can do about it, Mariela,” she told her matter-of-factly. “I know it’s embarrassing, but there is really no way to hide what you did. You’re just going to have to brave it out, honey.”

She hugged her as if she was being understanding, and Mariela hugged her back.

“As soon as we get you some clean stuff, and paid for, we’ll get you to the bathroom to change your pants, alright?”

Mariela nodded. Somehow, though, she sort of didn’t mind how Susan was behaving at the moment. She kind of liked it, that Susan was acting so concerned about it, and was acting like she wanted to help her hide it, but just concluded that they couldn’t.

Susan patted her wet bottom as she hugged her, even.

“You are going to learn to be a good girl and tell Aunty when you gotta potty from now on so this doesn’t always happen to you, aren’t you, sweetie?”

Mariela nodded with a shy little smile. She kind of liked this game.

They walked together into the mall, and Mariela saw some people look her way, some of them doing a double take to look at the back of her skirt. Mariela was really not an exhibitionist, and every time someone noticed, she felt her fact get red hot.

Susan walked her first into a little Miss store where they sold clothes mostly for young immature teenagers.

“Do you have something that would make my little niece look really cool?” Susan asked a cashier.

“Well, the racks are full of stuff for that,” the clerk told her.

“I know, but you know, it’s been ages since I went to Junior High School, and my young niece here just came out to me suddenly, and she’s probably going to start school here, so neither of us knows what young people wear around here.”

“Oh, well, maybe I can get Melissa to help you. She has a little sister about your niece’s age? You did say junior high school?”

“Yes, well, she’s going to start junior high in the next couple of months. She’s twelve years old.”

“That’s fine. Just a moment.”

“Melissa?” he called a little sweetie over that was just a bit taller than Mariela.

“This little twelve year old needs some cool clothes for kids her age,” the first clerk told Melissa. “Since you have a sister around that age, I figured you’d be best to give them advice.”

Melissa nodded. “But… did she just pee her pants?”

Susan nodded. “My little niece just had a really bad scare. She’s recently lost her parents due to a bad situation, and she thought she was going to lose me, too, so she was paying more attention to what people were trying to say or do to separate us than to her body needing to pee.”

The older teen smiled and she melted a bit. “So precious, huh?”

She put a hand on her shoulder and took her around to an area of clothes that did somewhat look cool, and Mariela really liked.

“My little sister wants my mom to buy her stuff from over here,” she told Mariela. “Mom won’t do it yet because she says my little sister needs to act a little more mature first.”

Susan smiled. “But this stuff IS for a child that is just becoming a teenager, right?”

“Of course,” this Melissa said. “We are a Miss store. I know some parents don’t approve of some of the styles, but you know, we have everything here, from very decent boring stuff that grand parents “wore in their day,” to the most modern things that would make most dads yank their little teenager right back into the house and have them changed in a wink of an eye.”

“Well, I certainly don’t want her wearing anything like that last,” Susan told the young lady. But surely there is a medium that would make both Mariela and me happy?”

“I’m sure there is, miss. I’ll just be around show you can show me, and I’ll tell you the likeliness that junior high school kids will awe at it or boo it.”

“Thank you, Miss.”

Mariela whispered to Susan.

“Are you really going to dress me up like a little kid, with that… that money that was given to me because of yesterday?”

“Actually, we are not spending any of that money that you were given yesterday,” Susan told her. “Steven and I both agreed that I would choose what stores I took you to, and I would approve of everything you get to wear while in our house, and of course, you’ll keep those things for yourself if you decide to leave later, but we are keeping that other money you were given in a savings account for you, so when you do leave, we’ll give it to you to start your new life.”

“You can’t be serious?”

“Why now, honey? You are our little niece now. You should be taken care of by the responsible guardians that are in charge of you until you turn eighteen.”

“You told those guys I was twelve though, now.”

“So?”

“Last night, you said I’d be officially eighteen in four years if I stayed as your niece, but now, it looks more like six years.”

“Mariela, honey, you are not a very responsible person,” Susan told her quietly. “I don’t care how old you keep claiming you are, there is no way you can get a job the way you are now, and I don’t think four years is enough time to teach you how to behave in society if you want a good job.”

Mariela sighed. “But it is MY life, Aunt Susan. You can’t seriously think you can control me forever!”

“Baby, I’m not planning on controlling you at all, and certainly not treating you like a child forever. I’m just trying to do what is best for you.”

“So… you trapped me into staying at your home for at least the next two weeks?” Mariela whispered to her.

“Trapped you?” Susan asked. “Oh, no, you are not trapped. There are no bars on your windows or the door. You are free to leave any time you want, but you know, without your papers, you are probably going to get into trouble again, and how do you ever expect to get out of the dumps of living on the streets without the papers your uncle and I are getting for you?”

Mariela sighed and became quite. Aunt Susan had a point.

“I just wish you wouldn’t treat me so much like a little kid,” Mariela sighed.

“You don’t want to be treated like a kid? How do you expect us to teach you right from wrong, and how to survive, little girl? You know, as easily as I picked you up yesterday, what do you think would have happened if I was a guy after something else?”

Mariela shivered at the thought.

“You see, you really are not ready to try to live on your own, baby. You are not ready to be an adult yet. You are still a little young girl. You need to have some more time to be a child.”

Melissa heard them, but she didn’t act like this conversation was that strange. Maybe she had had similar conversations at home during her upbringing? Mariela wasn’t sure, but whenever she looked over at the girl, she just smiled and shrugged.

It was a relief, when after a little shopping, they had some clean panties, nice skirts, cute jeans, popular shorts, and other things, that Aunty Susan decided it was time to go into the bathroom to change her wet little niece.

The store had given them an extra plastic bag when they heard Susan tell her little pretend niece that she would take her to the bathroom now to change her out of that wet gross skirt and soaked panties.

“Take off your skirt,” Susan had Mariela in a stall, but the door open so she could direct her. “Now your panties,” she continued as she stuffed these into the empty plastic bag. “Go ahead and take your shirt off, too, honey.”

“But… it’s not even wet,” Mariela pointed out.

“That’s beside the point,” Susan told her. “Do you want people to think you decided to wear mismatched popular bottoms with a second hand top?”

Mariela sighed shook her head no.

“Of course you don’t, honey. Now, off with the top.”

Mariela handed that to her, now completely naked again except for an undershirt.

“How about you wear this?” Susan handed her a nice popular top that had a face of a large black cat staring out of a purple background that was the main color of the half shirt.

“And put this on…,” Susan handed her a kind of sports thing that fit around the middle of your body, Susan telling her that she would only get her half shirts if she wore something to hide her belly as well. Mariela didn’t really like that rule, but this was her aunt’s money, so she felt she had no choice.

“And finally, Aunt Susan handed her a pair of shorts that were pretty nice. They were not as short as the most popular girls would want to wear, but they were comfortable, and came down just enough that Aunt Susan wasn’t worried about her panties poking out from the legs.

“There, now, you look like the cute little girl we’ve adopted,” she whispered to her new baby.

“Adopted?” Mariela gulped.

“Well, I mean you are our niece, and you are staying at our house for a while. What else would you call it?”

Mariela nodded. “Yeah. I see.”

Aunt Susan patted her little baby fake niece’s butt and whispered to her. “Now, no more potty accidents today, or that spanking I promised for wetting your pants will really happened.”

Mariela nodded. Of course, she didn’t plan on wetting her pants the rest of the day, and was sure it wouldn’t even happen. The only reason she wet herself at the document office, even if she was a little uncertain about what was going to happen, was because Susan told her to do it, and Steve promised to spank her if she disobeyed her new aunty.
