Training the Maid

Author: Riverstone76

*006*2021-07-20 06:42

Chapter 7

For the next two days, Mariela managed to please her Auntie Susan and Uncle Steve with a wet diaper each night, compliant bathing where they either showered or bathed her without any fuss, even wiping in her bottom to check for her forgetting to wipe, and at school, she was not leaving, not only her math or history class, but she also didn’t skip or try to ask the teacher in the middle of any class to use the restroom, but just went before school, at lunch, and before coming home after school.

She still had her bandage on her arm, and she was still writing with her left hand, though it made her writing bigger and very sloppy, she knew it was just so she’d be used to writing like that, that her aunt wanted her to act like a child that needed a little extra help with her penmanship as well as everything else.

The little Mariela was at school for the third day in a row when the unthinkable happened to her. She was sitting in second period, language arts class, and the teacher was talking to them about the concept of a simile, and poor Mariela got a feeling that she was kind of sweaty and sticky. She closed her legs instinctively, as though she was hiding that she wet her pants, but that wasn’t the problem at all. She didn’t feel wet. She had not wanted to use the restroom, at least not yet.

The innocent like twelve year old definitely felt something off, though, and she couldn’t help putting her hand between her legs as a funny feeling down there just wouldn’t go away. She itched a little yes, her stomach had rumbled and hurt a little that morning, but it had done that for a day and a half now, for some reason, the little girl just didn’t put two and two together. It was like she had added two and two and gotten three, which she knew didn’t make any sense.

Closing her legs around her hand, she moved her fingers down there a moment to see could be the problem, and yuck, there was definitely something wet and stick between her legs. Did she not pay attention and sit in something?

She slowly parted her legs a bit and pulled out her hand. Her hand wasn’t so wet that she could deduce spilling water, but it was kind of wet. She went to wipe her hand on the side of her pants, near the pocket of her light blue jeans, when she noticed that there was a faint red tint.

She blushed, and shaking a bit, she brought her hand up towards her nose, and she smelled, and it was a little fishy. Why? Why had she missed the signs? She was… bloody… and sitting in the middle of class, and she had no way to get out of there without everyone seeing the back of her pants which must be caked in her… her…. She laid her head down on her desk, and tears welled in her eyes as she tried to think of how she could hide, probably what must be the biggest butt stain ever in the history of schools.

The girl sniffled as she looked up towards the board, her eyes peering over her arm, trying to pretend to pay attention to the teacher, willing for the teacher to know that she was paying attention so she wouldn’t get called on. The last thing she needed, was to have to stand up in front of everyone.

The sticky eerie wetness between her legs seemed to get worse as the second period drew to a close, and when she had looked around and deemed it possible to see without anyone noticing, she opened her legs wide enough to look in her chair, trying to see how much damage there was….

Her seat was a little wet, and there was a very small puddle in her seat. How could she be so irresponsible and not recognize the signs? How could she just not get something, but then, how could she? Everywhere she went, besides at school, those nosy people that called themselves her Aunt and Uncle were right there, watching her.

She felt a little liquid seep out again she felt her panties get more wet, and she knew there would be hell to pay when all the other kids figured out she had made a mess. Even if she had peed her pants, somehow, she would be a lot less upset if they thought she peed her pants, but she was sure they were going to know this was not pee.

The bell rang, and the little seeming twelve year old stayed in her seat as Jenna came over and tried to prod her.

“Come on, Mariela….” But then realized the little Mexican girl was crying. “What’s wrong?”

“Nothing,” sniffled Mariela.

Jenna went to the teacher.

“I’m supposed to watch her and make sure she gets to her classes this week, but she won’t come,” Jenna finally told Mrs. Cuela. “I’m not sure, but the way she’s acting, it’s like she’s peed her pants, only there is no puddle around her chair.”

The teacher stood up with a sigh, and she smiled at Jenna.

“Let’s go see what is wrong with your little friend.”

The teacher prodded and coaxed until Mariela finally stood up, revealing a little red puddle in her chair, and her butt was covered in the puddle, she imagined. She felt her hand around her bottom, and tears started to fall more freely.

“Honey, this happens to all little girls at some point,” the teacher told her. “This is probably your first time, so you didn’t realize what was happening, huh?”

Mariela sniffled and stood there, not sure if she should admit that she should have known all along what was happening.

“Hold on, baby,” the teacher said going to her seat to get a sweater for her.

“You are a late bloomer, huh?” Jenna asked her matter of factly. “I got my first time in like fifth grade, but don’t be scared. I was just like you, when it happened to me, too. I was actually scared I peed my pants without knowing it, and the teacher had to explain to me that I didn’t do that, and that this is natural, and that I just needed something to hide it because little women can’t control this, and she said, even big women like her can’t either.”

Mariela was too ashamed to admit that she was too stupid to realize that she should have known what was happening.

“Don’t worry, the office won’t tell your parents or aunt or whatever that you peed. You honestly didn’t. I promise. If you had peed, you’d have made a much bigger mess. I promise.”

Why was this little girl trying so hard to make her feel okay about this mistake? Why wasn’t she laughing at her? When Mariela forgot herself all those years ago, she was like, maybe in the eighth grade, and she let her pants get like this before she noticed, and the whole room laughed at her because everyone noticed. The teacher was even laughing at her, or so she thought.

“I’m sorry,” Mariela found herself apologizing as the teacher wrapped a sweater around her.

“Sorry for what, honey? You didn’t do anything wrong. You can’t control something like this, baby. It’s not like you can turn it on or off, or stop it like you can pee. It was an accident.”

The teacher walked with Mariela and surprisingly, so did Jenna.

“You can go on to your class, now Jenna,” the teacher even told her.

“No, I can’t. I was told to stay right with Mariela, and I should have known she was going to do this. I go into the bathroom with her because her hand and stuff. I just… I wasn’t paying attention, or I should have noticed she was wiping more than she usually does.”

Mariela frowned. Did she wipe more than she usually does the last time she peed, just before first period?

The teacher shook her head. “Honey, despite what you might think you don’t necessarily wipe more than you normally do just because you have this. Actually, since poor Mariela is experiencing this for the first time, she probably had no idea she was even that much wetter this time than usual.”

Jenna shrugged and reached out and hugged her friend from the side as they entered the nurse’s room.

“What’s wrong?” the nurse asked the three of them.

“Little Mariela has had an embarrassing situation in class. Can you call her guardian for a change of clothes?” the language arts teacher asked before she turned Mariela around taking off the sweater tied around her hips, and showing the nurse her shame.

“Oh, the poor dear! Her first time?”

“I think so,” the teacher said. “She seemed really upset, and she kept feeling herself, like maybe she was scared she peed or something.”

“Okay, leave her to me. Jenna, you can go to class.”

“But I was assigned to stay with her the whole day for a week,” the slender black girl stomped her foot. “She’s my responsibility.”

The two adult woman smiled at each other and nearly laughed.

“Jenna, you aren’t just trying to get out of your next class, are you?”

“No? If Mariela was fine, we’d be going there together,” she said. “My mom told me to never ever shirk when I was told to do something responsible. If other kids find out what happened to her, I’m afraid someone is going to say something that will make her upset, and I want to be right at her side, so I can help calm her if they do.”

The adults looked at one another and then back at Jenna.

“Why do you think someone is going to say something?”

“Can I tell one of you other there?” Jenna asked pointing to a corner away from Mariela.

The language teacher nodded and went with the girl while the nurse took Mariela by the hand and led her back to the bed areas.

“Don’t worry about what happened, honey. I’m going to call your aunt, and she’ll explain everything to you. You won’t be in trouble. This is not something you can help, baby.”

Mariela nodded, still sniffling, and wondering what Jenna was sharing secretly to her teacher.

Mariela thought she would be scolded though. Her Auntie, as it were, knew that she was really twenty-three years old, and therefore, would likely tell her that this was worse than pissing her pants in public. She would agree with her aunt, it was. It was down right… dirty, wasn’t it?

It took the nurse a long time to get her aunt, so the nurse ended up putting her in a special education person’s extra diaper. It was the only they could really do for her beside putting her in someone’s old sweats and then having her just lie there on the bed, through the whole fourth period, too.

Eventually, her aunt got there around lunch time.

“Where is my little baby niece?” Aunt Susan sounded a little panicked. “What happened to her? What kind of accident did she have?”

Mariela could hear her even as she had entered the outer office. She felt a deep shame causing her face to burn, and she knew her neck up just had to be purple.

“Calm down,” the nurse was telling Susan. “Your niece is fine. She’s not hurt. She’s just really embarrassed.”

“Oh, did she potty her pants? I’m sorry, but I already knew she sometimes does that….”

“No, Miss Wayfeld, she didn’t do that either, well, not exactly anyway. She didn’t seem to understand what a menstration cycle is, and she made a mess in her pants is all. That’s why I asked you to bring some clean clothes for her.”

“You’re sure that’s all it is?” Susan asked. No matter how much the nurse insisted that’s all it was, Aunt Susan kept asking and kept worried right up until she was led into the bed area, where her niece was resting comfortably.

“Are you okay, baby?”

“I’m sorry, Auntie,” was all Mariela could say.

“Sorry, honey? Did you pee your pants?”

“Worse,” she whispered looking over at the plastic bag that had her messy panties and bloody jeans.

Her aunt opened the bag momentarily, and inspected the contents, and then she sighed. She closed the bag and set it down before walking over to the supposed little twelve year old, and sitting her up, she hugged her.

“You did nothing wrong,” Susan soothingly whispered to the supposed child. “There is no way a little girl can control this kind of thing if she doesn’t even know what it is.”

“But… I….”

“You were taught once in fifth grade that girls have little… accidents in their pants, right?” her aunt asked her.

Mariela blushed and nodded.

“Well, an accident like this… is not something you should be punished for nor should you feel you did anything wrong at all. Auntie should have known you were getting close, and made sure your mom had had the talk with you.”

Aunt Susan sat the little girl up, and put her in her lap as they both sat on the bed.

“Honey, from now on, you are going to feel strange rumbles in your tummy, and sometimes, it’s even going to hurt a little bit. Everyone gets it. You will smell funny sometimes, and you will feel unclean sometimes, but this natural, and it is not dirty. It is actually beautiful, and one day, you will learn just how beautiful it is, when it helps you make a beautiful baby of your own.”

Mariela felt her face heat up as her aunt was having the talk right there, where the nurse could come in at any time and hear them. She didn’t say anything though. She felt ashamed that she had not noticed, and had not prevented this whole scene. If only she had told her auntie that they forgot to get her pads, maybe she would have remembered to wear one on this day.

“I’m going to take my little niece home because she’s had a very upsetting day,” Susan told the nurse. “Besides, she’s missed lunch, right?”

The nurse nodded with a frown. “I’m afraid so. She was too embarrassed, so I didn’t even try to ask her to come and get one from the cafeteria.”

“Couldn’t you have just got her tray for her?”

“No ma’am. There are health codes these days. Only the lunch people in the cafeteria are allowed to touch the student trays. This is what the culture of parents suing the schools for every little thing has done.”

Aunt Susan sighed. “How did she get out of her wet jeans?”

The nurse looked down. “Are you going to sue me?”

“Of course not. I just know my niece couldn’t get her pants off and get a diaper on herself with only one hand. She’s only twelve years old.”

The nurse nodded. “Of course, ma’am. If you need my full name to make a complaint….”

“No. I’m glad you helped my little niece out of her messy pants. I hope you will continue to do that in the future, if she needs help. As I told you before, when I was upset and scared she had made a much bigger embarrassing mess of herself, she does wet her pants sometimes, and I’d feel a lot better if you helped her, than to make her try to change by herself.”

The nurse nodded.

“She doesn’t wear diapers during the day anymore, but she has been known to wet her pants, haven’t you sweetheart?”

Susan rubbed Mariela’s back. “Don’t worry. The nurse has to keep secrets like these. It is bad if she tells anyone who we don’t give permission to know. You can just nod your head if you are too ashamed to say yes, honey.”

Mariela nodded her head.

“Good girl,” Susan praised her.

And then, just like that, Mariela was changed again, out of the sweats, and into a skirt, though her aunt kept the diaper on her for now.

“It’ll just be a hassle to take that off right now, and you’re going to bloody it more, so might as well, just let it happen, and we can get it off when we get home, okay?”

Mariela nodded.

When they were in the car, and Susan had put her in the backseat, Mariela said “I’m sorry,” again.

“Honey, I told you. You don’t need to be sorry,” Susan told her.

“It thought you just said that for the nurse so she still thinks I’m a child?”

“You are a child, honey. You didn’t even know when you were going to have a little… woman situation. As far as I’m concerned, this is your first time, and you’ll be treated like it was. Even if you do this again, I’m going to just play it off as you still learning what these things mean, baby.”

Mariela frowned.

“Look, you don’t know how to take care of yourself, baby. First you wet your pants all the time before I met you, you can’t hold down a job, and you don’t even stand up for your rights to use the restroom at McDonalds after you paid for food there. Then, this happens. Of course you are a little girl in my mind, and that is not going to change until you learn to be more responsible, sweetheart.”

Mariela looked down at her lap.

“Are you going to tell Uncle that I did this?” she asked her aunt.

“What? Embarrass my little niece by telling Uncle that you had a little woman thing happen to you?” she asked. “No, baby. Tonight, Auntie will be getting you a bath and getting you ready for bed. Auntie will continue to do it until your little woman thing goes away, and then we’ll let Uncle Steve do it again.”

Mariela nodded.

“I’ll just tell Uncle Steve you weren’t feeling good at school today. That’s not a lie. You were embarrassed because of your little woman thing, your tummy rumbled, likely, because of it, and for most girls, who are experiencing it for the first time, it’s no different than thinking your tummy is just aching….”

Mariela nodded as her aunt trailed off.

“Now, we’ll get you some lunch, and then go home and get you comfortable, and into a bath.”

Mariela smiled at that.

“Um… Can I wet my pants, Auntie?”

“Why would you ask something like that?”

“Cause, you said you want to stop for lunch first, and I have this hard diaper on, and I haven’t peed since before school, and I gotta go. I don’t think I can hold it, and I feel scared to try in the bathroom at the restaurant cause then someone might see me in a diaper.”

Susan smiled. “Of course you can pee your pants, then, honey.”

“You not mad?”

“No, baby. No spanking. You asked and I gave you permission. But just this once, and just because you are in a difficult situation with a hurt arm and a diaper, okay?”

Mariela nodded.

“I want your diaper wet though, when we get home, since you asked me permission.”

Mariela nodded. “I pwomise, Auntie.”

She started to spray almost as soon as she said it, because truth be told, she had already been holding it for almost an hour and a half, and she was getting close to at least leaking on herself anyway, even if Auntie had said no.

Before they were even at the restaurant, her diaper had a lake in it, and it sagged as she walked with her aunt holding her hand into McDonalds, the same place that denied her the right to use the restroom the other day.

They ordered their food, and they started eating at a table, when Mariela noticed the same lady that threatened to take her money if she tried to go to the restroom.

Mariela tugged at Susan’s arm, and shyly pointed out the waitress cleaning a table, her face blushing.

“Did you wet your pants?” Susan asked her.

Mariela nodded.

“Walk towards the bathroom, and then stop right outside it.”

“Why?”

“Because you just noticed her as you got to the bathroom, and you are a little twelve year old, so when you saw her, you got scared and peed right there in your diaper….”

Mariela frowned at the plan, but she knew she was supposed to do what Auntie said, so she went to the bathroom, and then stopped, and shaking, she started to slowly squat, and she wiggled her legs and held her hands between her legs as she imagined how she’d really act if she was really that scared and started to wet her pants.

The waitress came right over to the little girl asking: “Are you okay?”

“Go away,” Mariela whispered up at her.

“Honey, what is it?” the lady bent down to see if she could help, and that’s when Susan came over.

“What’s going on, Mar…” and then she pretended to recognize the waitress. “Did you tell my niece she wasn’t allowed to go in the bathroom again?”

“No?”

“Well, why is she squatting down like that, and acting like she’s about to pee?”

“I… I don’t know. Please, ma’am. I didn’t say anything until I saw her bend down.”

“I’m sorry, Auntie,” Mariela sniffled and tried to pretend to cry.

“You wet your pants, honey?”

Mariela nodded.

“Oh, honey. Did this woman tell you not to go?”

“Not like that,” Mariela’s voice squealed up as though she was about to really start crying.

“She scare you?”

Mariela nodded and looked down real tears coming out of her eyes.

“You traumatized her,” Susan said. “You are lucky I told your manager not to fire you.”

“I know. I’m really sorry. Please, can I do anything to make it right?”

“No. Just leave her alone and don’t ever tell another child they can’t go potty no matter how dirty they look or homeless they are.”

The woman nodded sadly.

“I’ve kept the poor little girl in diapers when we go out now, because she is easily scared if someone looks like they will tell her she can’t go. That’s what YOU did to her.”

The woman nodded. “I’m sorry.”

Nodding with satisfaction, Susan reached down and took Mariela’s hand.

“Come on, child. It’s okay. It’s not your fault. Let’s go finish lunch, and I’ll change your diaper at home, okay?”

Mariela nodded, her face really red and they sat down.

“Did I make you mad, so you punished me like that?” Mariela whispered to the fake aunt.

“No, honey. That woman made me mad. I wanted to punish her. Look at her. Go ahead, look.”

Mariela looked over and she saw the young woman shaking as she retreated back over to the ordering counter, and she talked with the manager and pointed them out. She looked really upset while she spoke, and the manager grabbed her hand and brought her over to the table.

“Are you okay, little lady?” the manager asked Mariela.

She looked up at him trying to look as innocent as possible. “I sorry. I wet my pants over there,” she pointed at the bathroom area, but of course, it was all in her saggy diaper.

“Honey, it’s okay,” the manager said. “I’m just here to let this young woman explain to you that you are allowed to use the bathroom. If she scares you that much, then you come up to the front and tell us that she’s by the bathrooms from now on, and I’ll have her move somewhere else so you can go, okay?”

Mariela nodded.

“I really am sorry I scared you, miss.”

Susan smiled. “Thank you for making her apologize.”

“Actually, she came to me, and asked me if it would be a good idea to say something. She said you were scared of her, so she was uncomfortable coming up to you by herself.”

“Then she learned her lesson,” Susan said. “That’s even better. I’m glad she did, but it’s too late. My niece will never trust your bathrooms again, so while she will try to go to the potty if I tell her to, if she sees this woman, you can’t expect her not to wet herself. I have to put her in diapers now when we are in public.”

Both of them frowned. “I’m so sorry,” the lady said again.

“Do you need more compensation from her?” the manager asked.

“No. There is no amount of compensation that will make my niece get back to normal. It’s just going to take some time and understanding on her family’s part. The real important thing, is that your employees never treat homeless people like that again, because yes, for a while, my niece was homeless. That’s why she was so dirty when she came here that first time.”

The manager nodded.

“We changed our police, if you look at our doors. It says the bathrooms are right inside the back door, don’t worry if you are not hungry, just use the bathroom. We are your friendly McDonalds.”

“Well, I’m glad we made one good difference then, aren’t we, Mariela?”

Mariela nodded, looking down. She scooted closer to her aunt though to make it seem that she was getting uncomfortable with them right there.

“Okay, well, we need to get back to work,” the manager told them and took the young woman with him.

“Do… do you really think it was necessary to punish that woman again?” Mariela asked.

“Yes, honey. Thankfully, she has learned her lesson, but I was afraid she had blown it off, and if she had, then seeing you scared like this would have definitely made an impact on her to change.”

“Really?”

“Yes, baby. You should never have to feel ashamed to try to use the bathroom in public, even if you can’t afford to buy something somewhere. That’s what is wrong with society these days. They think they can take away poor people’s rights!”

Mariela knew only too well how right her fake aunt was about that.

*007*2021-07-21 03:38

Chapter 8:

That night, after Mariela was ready for bed, after a long hard day of ‘not feeling well,’ Uncle Steve didn’t act as though he knew exactly what happened at all, but he had been extra lenient on her during story time and what happened in it, so that Mariela felt like the princess was able to get a lot further in the story than she had the last few nights before she fell asleep.

The little girl was given the same baby bottles of cola every night since they started to treat her like a little girl, and the more she was there, especially during the story time, the more she felt herself at a home. Her aunt was hellish strict to calling her Aunt and Auntie, and to being obedient, and her uncle was no less forgiving about that, but there was something in her auntie’s and her new uncle’s smiles that made her feel… accepted.

The little girl actually cuddled into Uncle’s arms during the last ten minutes while he was winding down the session for the night, and before he was done telling her that the princess was back in her little bed, and ready to safely go to sleep, she was already snoring lightly.

The next morning was a Saturday, and while her aunt and uncle had no intention of getting out of bed early, they had set an alarm by the little girl’s bed, and they had also written her a little note next to the clock.

Dear little Mariela,

Children love Saturday Morning Cartoons. As our niece, you have a right to get up on Saturday morning while your aunt and uncle are still sleeping, pour yourself some cereal, and watch TV, but no potty until we get up. If you can’t help it, just wet your diaper until we get up. That’s a good girl. Auntie and Uncle.

Mariela nodded. She had no intention of disobeying her auntie at the moment.

The last three nights, Mariela had awoken the next morning, her diaper soaked and heavy, and this morning was no different. She put the letter down and stood up from her bed, feeling the weight of the wet diaper under her pajamas. With a sigh, she went quietly out of her room, and towards the kitchen to get herself some cereal and some juice like the note had basically told her to do.

Each previous morning, not only had she wet the bed in the night, but she found herself emptying her bladder into her diaper before the end of breakfast, so it was starting to get easier to just wet herself as long as she wasn’t nervous that someone else was going to notice or that her auntie would be mad and spank her for wetting her pants.

Her auntie still had not spanked her yet for that, but the threat was brought up often enough that she didn’t dare wet herself at school or during the day once she had panties on. That’s why the day before, when she accidentally did that really dirty thing and forgot to wear a pad in her panties, she was really scared she was in trouble.

The little girl sat in the living room on the floor, and started watching cartoons, eating her cereal, and eventually, watering her diaper again as she sat laughing at the Mickey Mouse cartoons.

At around ten thirty, the little girl went to her aunt and uncle’s bedroom, and lightly knocked on their bedroom door.

“Auntie? Are you wake?” she called in timidly before she felt herself spray a little bit in her diaper from trying to hold it too long again.

“Honey, just a few more minutes,” a reply came from the room. So, with her head down, the little 23 year old woman walked back towards the stairs to go back down to the living room, more and more pee leaking and spraying into her diaper until the water started to leak down her legs and started to get her light gray pajama pants wet. She squatted, and tears came to her eyes, as she couldn’t control it, and she kept peeing even though her sweats were now getting soggy wet.

“Do you hear crying?” Mariela thought she heard a muffled far off voice.

“Go check on her,” the other voice said, and the bedroom door came open, and Uncle Steve walked quickly to the source of the crying, the twenty-three year old, now sitting four steps down from the top, holding her crotch, and peeing all the way through her sweats, and making a puddle on the stairs.

“Oh, baby!” Uncle Steve walked over and picked up the soaking wet dirty little girl. Worse than just pee, it was tinted pink because the little girl was still on her period.

He picked her out of her puddle, the last of her waters finally having sipped into her diaper and gotten her sweats just soaked and sticky, and he carried her towards the bathroom.

“What… what are you doing?” the little girl asked though it was hard to really hear her properly because she was crying so much from actually peeing badly enough to get her pajamas so wet.

“Uncle Steve is just going to take his little niece and give her a bath.”

“But, I…,” she couldn’t get the words out. She felt so ashamed, so disgusting, so dirty and so… fragile. Uncle Steve didn’t seem to hear her protests at all as he pulled down her sopping wet pajama bottoms, and he turned her this way and that and noticed how dirty her diaper was.

“No wonder you’re so emotional,” he said after a moment, and the hugged her against him squishing her diaper as he held her tight, so some of the red water came pushing out of the leg holes and trickled down her legs a bit.

Steve put her down in front of the toilet, and he undid the tapes of the diaper so it fell to the floor with a little wet splat on the floor. Then he picked her up and put her on the toilet.

Mariela looked at him and wanted to tell him it was too late for that, but she was feeling too emotional and too upset to say anything, so she just frowned down at her disgusting wet diaper.

Steve bent down, and picked up her dirty diaper and balled it up, throwing it into the trash near the toilet.

“It’s okay, baby. Little Mariela can’t help it that it takes Auntie and Uncle a bit of time to get motivated on the weekend, especially on Saturday morning causing her to wet so bad she leaks in her clothes,” he whispered to her. “Just let Uncle Steve run you a bath while you sit there, just in case there is any left to go in the toilet, baby.”

Mariela got a little confused by the way he was talking. Did he even realize her little period accident, and that her sweats was pink tinted, her diaper was pink tinted, and the puddle on the floor had some blood in it? The way he talked about it, it was like he completely missed that altogether, and just focused on the idea that she wet herself.

As the bathwater ran to fill up the tub, Uncle Steve talked to his little baby niece.

“Of course a little twelve year old is going to cry if her diaper gets so wet she’s making a puddle all over herself,” he said soothingly. “It’s bad enough to wet your diaper, isn’t it, baby?”

Mariela nodded at what he said, the tears still being too strong to let her find her voice. Yes, it was kind of bad to leak that much pee out of her diaper, to have wet herself that much overnight and into the next day, but the real reason she was so emotional about it… was Steve ignoring it on purpose?

When he had the tub full enough, he tore off some paper from the toilet paper roll, and he handed it to her.

“Wipe off, baby. You don’t want any little girl stuff to get in the bath on you.”

No, he knew she was bleeding. He had to. Why wouldn’t he just say pee, if he didn’t? But even still, he didn’t seem to try linger on it. Maybe he was trying to avoid the awkwardness. Maybe he didn’t want to talk about it, or maybe, he thought he was doing it for her?

Steve picked her up after she had wiped herself a few times, and he carried her to the tub and gently stood her up in the water, and then he took off her pajama top and her undershirt so she was naked.

“Go ahead and sit,” Steve told her.

Mariela obediently sat.

“I know you’re a little bit sensitive right now,” Steve told her. “I don’t blame you, so do you think you can stand me washing you, or do you want your Auntie Susan to do it?”

Mariela looked down not sure what to say. If he had asked her before putting her on the toilet and removing her diaper, she would have definitely said she wanted her aunt, but now, he already saw her dirty stuff, and he was already standing in front of her, having completely gotten her naked, and even watched her wipe herself until the toilet paper wasn’t being wet and dirtied anymore.

“You can,” she finally whispered.

Steve smiled and bent down and sitting on the tub, he picked up a couple of bath toys they had gotten her over a day or so ago, and started to play with her.

Mariela looked at the toy and then up at her smiling fake uncle. She sighed and picked up another toy, and touched the first one with it. If you had asked her at that moment, she would have told you that she definitely was not going to play, but after over an hour in the bath, she was giggling and laughing while Uncle was playing with her in the bath.

The water was starting to cool, and Uncle Steve seemed to guess it was time to get her out before she said anything, because she was lifted out, literally, moments before she started to complain. He sat her right on the toilet as if to give her another chance, but of course, she had already emptied her bladder into her diaper not but an hour earlier.

After a couple of minutes on the toilet, Uncle Steve picked the twenty-three year old little woman up again, this time, in a fluffy towel, and started to carry her out of the bathroom and to her room.

Mariela had seen the stair where she had sat down and finished peeing earlier. It was wet, but the puddle looked like it was gone. She blushed because that meant her aunt must have cleaned it up.

He took her into her room, and he stood her on her feet, using the towel to finish drying her, he let her hold the towel around her little barely noticeable little girl bumps on her chest while he went to find her some changes of clothes.

Like her aunt the night before, he grabbed one of her thick diaper inserts, a lavender smelling pad, and he placed it inside her panties before handing her the panties.

“Put them on,” he ordered her. “If the pad isn’t right, don’t move it. Just tell me and I’ll give you another one to put over it so the stuff doesn’t go all over you this time, okay?”

“You know what happened at school yesterday?” she asked Uncle Steve.

“Well, now I do,” he said hugging her. “I dressed you for school yesterday, baby, and I know I didn’t put a pad in your panties because I had no idea that you were feeling, off. But your aunt told me she picked you up early because you didn’t feel good, and then I come out this morning to take care of you, and I find you upset and I find your pajamas all dirty? Of course I know what upset you, baby. And it’s okay.”

He hugged her after she pulled up her panties.

“Don’t ever be scared to tell Uncle Steve you need a pad to be put under your panties, honey. You don’t have to tell me that you are dirty or you are having any girl thing or anything. Just ask for a diaper pad, and I’ll put it in your panties for you. I won’t ask you if you plan to wet your pants, or any other reason you might want it there. I’ll just put it there, because it’s up to you if you want it, and you already know Auntie’s rule about wetting in the daytime on purpose. She’ll know if you used the pad just to pee your pants, honey, so I won’t care one way or the other unless Auntie tells me to spank you because you peed your pants, okay?”

Mariela nodded.

Steve gave her an undershirt to slip on, and then he pulled a black shirt with a kitten playing with yarn on the front and a purple skirt up on her legs.

“There, all nice and clean, and dry, and dressed. Feel better, baby?”

Mariela nodded.

They walked down the steps, Uncle holding her hand, and she looked down at the floor when she saw her aunt, wondering if her aunt was going to scold her for peeing her pants on the steps in the middle of the day.

“You have a little accident?” Aunt Susan asked.

Mariela nodded.

“That’s why you tried to wake us, isn’t it? You were afraid you were already too wet, and you might leak all over if you peed in your diaper again, huh?”

Mariela nodded and she shivered at the thought that Aunty might be scolding her though her aunt was calm and just talking matter of factly.

“Baby, this wasn’t your fault. You know you are not allowed to touch your diaper until Uncle or Aunty changes you, and you obviously tried to get us up because you were afraid you were going to make a mess. You were a good girl.”

Susan came over and helped the little girl stand up and then she hugged her.

“No more wet panties though, today. Uncle Steve put you in panties, didn’t he?”

She nodded.

“Did he put you in a pad, too, honey?”

She blushed and nodded. “He put the pad in first and then he helped pull the panties on.”

“Just like I’d expect him to do. No little girl wants her uncle trying to put the pad directly against her while pulling up her panties.”

Mariela nodded at that. She did prefer the way her uncle had done it.

“Your Uncle has a trial game tonight, so after lunch, he’s going to need you to go the storytelling room, and you are going to have to listen while he explains what he wants you to do while he’s doing the game, okay?”

Mariela nodded. “Okay.”

“Go play for a while until lunch is ready, sweetie.”

Mariela went to the living room, collected her dolls and Mr. STuffins, and she took them up to her room and put them around. She made her bed, and then she took out some coloring books and laying on her bedroom floor, she started to color.

Mariela sighed to herself as she colored. Even if she were twelve years old, she would never have told a real uncle that she was needing, well, something for her little woman needs. It was just… well, wrong. But here she was, wearing a pad in her panties that her uncle had put there, and she was still being expected to act like a little girl… a little girl, that was somewhat unnatural. If she didn’t know better, they were trying to train her to be a girl with special needs.

The little girl colored for maybe an hour and a half, and Uncle Steve came in to get her for lunch.

“What are you doing there, honey?” he walked over and knelt down so he could see what she was working on.

“Just coloring, Uncle Steve.”

“I see, well, I’ve set some stuff up downstairs, so after lunch, I’ll explain it all to you.”

“Oh, okay, Uncle.”

“You want to come and let uncle pick you up, sweetie?”

Mariela looked up at him not really wanting to be carried at the moment, so she frowned while she tried to figure out if he was being strict, or if he was asking her, or what….

“You don’t have to let me carry you all the time,” he said to her patting her shoulder. “You can just say you want to walk. You are twelve years old, after all.”

Mariela nodded. “I kind of wanna walk.”

“Sure, sweetie. Go wash your hands and then go sit at the table.”

Mariela nodded and started to get up to her knees while he stood up and walked out the door of her room.

He said she was twelve, but she got the distinct feeling he was not really treating her like a twelve year old when he kept picking her up or even asking her if she wanted to be carried. What twelve year old is always in her uncle’s arms, being carried? Still, she wasn’t really sure what she could do about the illogic there. If she said it too strongly, her Auntie might spank her or have Uncle Steve spank her. If she refused him when he picked her up without even asking, she was sure to be scolded at the very least. And he would likely still carry her if he had the intention of doing so, so she just shrugged it off as she gained her feet leaving her coloring books on the floor. After all, if she was really supposed to be a kid, why wouldn’t she just leave them if she planned to come back to them later?

Wait? Did she really reason the idea of …? No. She wasn’t really a kid! She didn’t like this at all. She didn’t.

The girl had already walked out of her room though when she realized what she had thought, and she sighed as she walked down to the bathroom to wash her hands like a good little young teenager.

After washing her hands, she walked down the stairs and saw at her place at the table, there was already a plate made for her with tuna salad sandwiches, grape juice, potato chips and a few cookies.

Aunt Susan smiled at her.

“Is lunch alright?” she asked her.

Mariela nodded. It was fine. It was a treat, really, seeing as she usually ate much less before she started to live with these strange people who insisted on her being their young niece.

Mariela took a bite of her food, and she looked over at where her uncle and aunt sat, also eating lunch with her. Her uncle had an open can of soda and her aunt had a glass of iced tea.

“Is Uncle going to change me all the time now, even when I have… um… little woman problems?” Mariela asked them her face getting red. “Because he took me to bathe me even though Auntie knew I was having that thing happening since yesterday.”

Aunt Susan smiled at her and nodded. “Why should it be a problem, honey? It’s not really any worse than catching you wetting the bed at night, is it? I mean, with the wetting the bed, well, that should actually be more embarrassing since you are a big girl, but you know, you do wet the bed all the time, baby.”

Mariela frowned. She didn’t know what was causing her to wet all the time recently, but she was certain it was not just because she was drinking cola late at night recently. It had to be something else. She had not started to wet the bed before she came to stay with these strange Aunie and Uncle.

“I guess,” she whispered understanding her Auntie’s logic even if she didn’t agree with in. In the back of her own mind, she felt like announcing to everyone that she was… well…, what was it when you were like this, really? Whatever it was, it felt dirtier than people seeing you pee her pants, not that she really wanted that either.

The little girl looked around a little bit to try to give her some time to think before she said anything else, but before she knew it, she had really became too distracted for too long, and lunch was over. Her Aunt and Uncle were already clearing away the plates, and she had already finished her lunch.

“You know where the story place is,” Uncle Steve told her. “Go down there and wait for me, and we’ll talk about your behavior for tonight, okay?”

Mariela nodded and got up from the table, went to wash her hands, and she peed in the toilet like a good little girl, checked her padding, and then pulled up her clothes and went down to meet her uncle.

Before long, her uncle was in front of her, and ready to start explaining things to her.

“Come and sit in my lap, sweetheart.”

She felt like the tone in his voice was not an invitation, but more of a parental demand, so she walked over and sat down in his lap like he wanted.

“The story we do tonight is going to be a lot different from your night-night stories,” he said to her. “First of all, the room is going to have adults in it, and we might even have a couple of people trying to do ‘adult’ humor fun. I will remind them that there is a little ten year old running around here, so they need to keep their fun appropriate to what they’d do if their own little nephews and nieces were running around if they were ten years old.”

Mariela nodded.

“Even if they do temper it down, they might say things that could offend a growing girl like you, so remember, this is all fantasy. They are not really doing in the story, what they would do. You see, you are a little girl, so you can’t help but to do the stories as yourself, but these guys have an imagination where they step outside of themselves, and see the story from the angle of a different character acting.”

“Okay,” Mariela said.

“Alright… well, next thing….”

He reached under his little command space and pulled out a chart.

“Go put on the side of your little station,” he told her. “You can see the tapes on the sides, I’ve already prepared?”

Mariela nodded and went and put the chart up, and then she looked at it a little closer. There were squares upon squares large enough to write in or to put stickers in. In some of the squares, she saw Disneyland and other interesting places written in them.

“I’m not sure I get this chart,” she turned to her uncle still crotched down from fixing the chart to the table just below where her chair would be.

“Well, we know that just giving you an allowance based on chores is not really going to work,” Uncle Steve told her. “Fundamentally, you are a bit different from most children you are to be like for us, so we have to make your allowance something that would really make you as excited as a young girl getting money for doing stuff she is asked to do….”

Mariela stood up and went back to her uncle’s lap, who helped her up and then as she sat there, him rubbing her back, he explained it a bit more.

He pulled out some stickers, they were in the shape of silver coins of some sort.

“Every time you help me with my story session, we are going to pay you an allowance of one silver piece on this chart,” he told her. “We are also going to have a few other things that when you do what your aunt tells you, we will put a silver piece on the chart. When you get a silver piece to cover a space with special words on it, you will be given special tickets that you can keep in your little wallet that we will get you soon, and those tickets will mean as soon as it is convenient for all three of us, we will make sure you get to do the fun things you have earned.”

“So, you’re actually going to take me to Disneyland and stuff?” she asked.

“Do you not want that?” Uncle Steve asked patting her leg tenderly.

“Um… I… yeah, I think it would be nice to go there. But you know, to fill this chart like that, you have to be planning on me staying longer than it takes me to get papers from the place….”

Uncle Steve nodded. “And…?”

“I thought it was my choice if I stay with you after that or not….”

“Originally, your choice was supposed to end tonight, honey.”

“But…, Auntie said that since it takes two weeks to get the papers, she’d let me decide after they come?”

Uncle Steve frowned. “Well, I sort of hoped you already decided to stay. But if your aunt promised you that you had until the papers come, then that’s what we’ll give you, baby.”

She looked down.

“I’m still not used to wetting the bed and then wetting my pants in the mornings like you guys seem to want from me.”

“I know, sweetie. But you know, it hasn’t really been all bad, has it? I know yesterday was a little embarrassing, but that could have happened even if we weren’t treating you like a little kid. How can you get those kinds of things yourself if you can’t go in the stores?”

Mariela nodded. He was right, she was out of those things, actually, she was sort of wondering if the store would have let her get some when she had not showered in such a long time, and she also had to somehow get the money. Yeah, she probably would have had her already dingy shorts on from before, covered with her little woman issues the day before, because she certainly had no money.

“Yeah, okay. I know that,” she blushed. “But if I’m only getting these little coin things to fill up a chart, and well, sometimes a kid that is twelve years old, wants or even needs some spending money….”

“You’re right,” Steve said as he patted her thigh again. “You do need some spending money from time to time, and we are going to give you some spending money, but that money is more based on your necessities than on what you do as chores. The chore chart you have at your seat at the story table is the special allowance you earn so you can do extra fun things when you get a certain amount filled in, if you stay with us long enough to fill it up.”

Mariela nodded.

“Now, how do you earn a silver coin for your chart, while we are doing adult story time?” and he started to explain what he wanted from her.

The little girl listened carefully to what her fake uncle said, and she repeated often what he wanted from her, from fetching the guys snacks and drinks when she noticed they were out of snacks, to retrieving dropped dice or stuff from the table, and to even act out certain little characters in the story that Uncle Steve had prepared for her.

“It will sound so much cuter if you do this particular voice, and I’m pretty sure even if there are any characters we sometimes call murder hobos at the table, they will be a lot less likely to kill a character that a cute little child like you is doing. But you might need to practice being sweet and giving each of these a little character.”

Mariela nodded as she was given like twelve different papers with drawings and stats on them.

“I’d like you to study these over tonight, and look at their dialog or key phrases I want them to say during the story, and think how you can pull them off so people would not kill them right away.”

Mariela nodded and looked at the papers.

Some of them were like regular NPC townspeople, like for a maiden at a bar or a little shop in town. One was a little thing called a Nymph, which she wasn’t exactly sure what a nymph was. And then there were little animals in the stack, and lastly, there was a monster being that was really small. It was a monster though, and she wondered how she was supposed to make a monster cute….

“Uncle Steve? Aren’t goblins supposed to be mean and dirty and stuff?”

“Usually, yes they are, baby.”

“Well, how am I ‘apposed to make a monster like that look cute?”

“Not look, baby, but act. The little critter in the story is all on its own, and will do anything to gain a tribe for a short time, so it will do what its tribe wants it to do, to not be left behind….”

“I still think it has sharp teeth and a nasty temper! I think it should attack the party!”

“Can you attack while being cute?” Uncle Steve asked.

“What do you mean?”

“Well, you’re a girl! Do girls always fight with just their hands and feet, or is there another way the goblin can be nasty without physically hurting people?”

“I… but it has sharp teeth made for biting off fingers,” Mariela frowned. “Why it not just try to bite the other story people?”

“That’s your job. You need to find a motivation for the little beast to want to hold off biting the fingers and toes of those that found it.”

Mariela sighed.

“You have until six tonight to figure it out, baby.”

“But it’s already two in the after noon!”

“Well, you better start thinking, then, right?”

Mariela sighed and nodded.

She took the papers up to her room and looked through them again. She had no problem with any of them, except the goblin thing.

Mariela frowned as she set the paper on the floor next to her coloring book she had left forgotten earlier, and she started to color again as she thought about the goblin.

Mariela colored for several hours until she was called for dinner, though most of her coloring time was basically spent thinking about the mysteriously innocent little goblin thing.

Her uncle appeared at the door just in time for dinner, and he smiled as she lay on her tummy coloring in a square.

“We need to eat and then talk a minute,” Uncle Steve told her. “I have some specific points I want you to remember when you introduce each of the characters, especially the goblin brat.”

“Oh, okay,” Mariela let him pick her up and carry her to the bathroom where he put her down by the toilet.

Obediently, she just slid down her shorts and her panties and sat on the toilet. He didn’t have to say anything for her to realize what he was wanting her to do. But nothing came out.

When it seemed a little time passed, perhaps enough that she should have already finished, he picked her up again and fixed her clothes and then helped her at the sink to wash her hands.

*008*2021-07-21 21:30

Chapter 9:

That first session was really not so important for her to be there as a character, it turned out, because the mechanics for actually having characters realized on paper was a lot more work than she had realized. Of course, she knew that there had to have been some work to it, but during her story session, Uncle Steve just had her character ready for her, and just the night before, she had leveled up for the first time, and even then, he seemed to have done most of the work and just gave her some choices.

Now, she saw firsthand, the players at the table first arguing that a strong party needed certain things if they wanted a group to live to tell their tales. They talked about how their characters might already have met, and they worked on how their characters might have gone off on their own for a short time to learn something before coming back together.

Mariela was fascinated to see how these people all worked out what they would do with their characters, all the while, staying within a certain premise that her fake uncle told them was the starting point of this campaign.

Mariela had spent the better part of five hours basically playing server to the players, bringing them refills of soda, coffee, or whatever, and when Uncle Steve said so, she brought them plates of oreo crust base lemon pie, that she also got a bit of, and it was actually really good.

They had not even started the story yet as creating the characters and getting to know who their new story partners were going to be was the first agenda for her uncle, and he said that despite not starting that night, he felt like session zero, as he called it, had been a success.

Mariela was so tired at the end of it, that she was asleep before they had even cleared out of the gaming room, and she would not know she had fallen asleep until the next morning, when she’d wake up in her bed, changed for bed by her aunt or uncle, and in a wet diaper.

As Mariela stirred, there was no alarm, nor anyone waking her up this morning. For once, it looked as though her fake aunt and uncle decided she deserved some rest. She sighed to herself as she sat up and kicking her legs over the side of the bed, she looked down at her sweatpants, pink ones, and knew that under them was a soaked diaper that she had peed in through the night.

Mariela took a few deep breaths, and then stood up and walked to her bedroom door, but then she remembered how hard it was to get Auntie out of bed the day before, and even before uncle had come to see what she needed, she had already not only peed, but it leaked all over the step she had finally lost control on.

She breathed in, and then just pushed and wet her diaper standing at her closed door. Why bother? They will just make her wet herself, right?

After she finished flooding the diaper, the inside pad definitely soaked now, she opened the bedroom door, and walked out to see if over the banister in the living room, she might see the adults.

Her aunt was down there, watching TV.

Mariela walked over to the steps, and called out.

“Auntie, can you come up here?” she asked from the top of the stairs.

Susan stood up, and then looked up and saw her little niece and she smiled.

“What is it, honey?”

“Can you let me take off my diaper now? I already peed in it this morning.”

“Not while you were awake?” he Aunt asked her as she approached her.

Mariela nodded. “Well, for the last few mornings, I kept having to wait until I just wet, so I just got it over with this time, and peed before I came to find you.”

“On purpose?”

Mariela looked down her face started to feel red shame creeping up her neck. Her aunt was acting a little funny.

“Di…did I do something wrong? I thought you wanted me… to… um… wet my diapers?”

Susan put her hands on her hips. “Just because my baby niece wets the bed and wets her pants sometimes in the mornings, it doesn’t excuse doing it on purpose when you are awake, little girl.”

Mariela’s face got more and more heated as her eyes started to sting with shame. Why did she just stand there outside her door, and peed her pants like that? She should have at least…. She wasn’t sure what she was supposed to have done, actually, and tears started to roll down her face.

“I’m sorry, Auntie.”

Susan sighed.

“Look, Mariela. I know we don’t take your diaper off of you right away sometimes, and that that sometimes causes you to have an accident because you are not allowed to touch your diaper until your uncle or I change you, but that is no excuse to just wet in the daytime on purpose. I don’t mind so much if it’s an accident, especially in your diaper, but you are too old, even at eight years old, to do it on purpose.”

Mariela started to sob.

“Why are you crying? You did this, baby. You decided to just pee your diaper without even trying to hold it or tell Auntie you needed to pee. Even if I just ignored you and just gave you breakfast because you were already wet, and you had an accident, even that, at least, would not have been your fault. But just to sit there on your bed, or whatever, and to just decide to wet your pants…?”

“I’m sorry,” she choked through her sobs.

The sobs brought Uncle out of the bedroom, and he walked over where Mariela had her face in her hands, still crying and Auntie Susan with a hand on her shoulder.

“What’s going on?” Steve asked.

“Our little niece decided she’d just pee her pants on purpose this morning,” Susan told him.

“She’s… she’s still in a diaper, honey.”

“Yes, but when I came up to get her, she just stood there, and told me smugly, that she just stood there and peed her pants—on purpose.”

Steve turned the crying little 23 year old woman to face him, and patted her puffy bottom, he whispered in her ear.

“You peed on purpose, little one?”

Mariela looked down and nodded, still crying.

“Look, Mariela,” Steve said to her as he continued to pat her war wet puffy butt. “Our little niece has little accidents in her sleep, and even in the morning before gets changed out of her diapers, but doing it on purpose is a no-no.”

She could only stand there, shaking, and cry.

Steve looked over Mariela’s head over at Susan. “What are we going to do with her?”

“Well, one thing is for sure, she is way too immature to decide to leave us next week when she gets her papers. No self-respecting uncle or aunt would let their niece leave when she doesn’t even know better than to just sit there and wet herself. She’s made up her mind. She’s staying with us for six years.”

Mariela just stood there, shaking, afraid that that was the least of her worries, that they decided for her that she was not going to be allowed to just leave.

“Alright,” Steve nodded with a small smile. “But we also have to teach her not to wet her pants like that.”

Susan sighed. “Yes, we do, but not right now. Steve, will you please go to the store and get her some pull ups? I don’t want her wearing panties for a while.”

“I guess,” Steve said. “I think we better get her another package of diapers, too. She’s going to go through the ones we bought her before the next week is out.”

“Yeah, you’re right. Just get the whole nine yards. Also, can I go down into your story area and get her bottle? I want her to drink from it today.”

“Oh, um… I thought the bottle was just for putting her to sleep and when she’s entertaining my Dungeons and Dragons group.”

“It was… but honey, she needs to learn not to wet her pants like this on purpose. If she’s going to think being a toddler is fun, then we are going to make sure she sees exactly what a toddler goes through, and maybe that will make her not want to do this again.”

“I guess you’re right. I’ll get her some sippy cups, then, too.”

“Good idea.”

“Well, little miss pissy pants,” Susan said turning Mariela to face her. “You and I are going to the bathroom to get you a bath, and then I’m putting you into another diaper, which will not be removed until it’s wet. At that time, your uncle will have been back, and we’ll start having you wear a pull up. No panties all day, and no touching your diaper or even your pull up on your own unless you want a spanking.”

Mariela nodded, still sniffling.

Mariela was taken into the bathroom while Uncle Steve went off to the bedroom again to get regular clothes on. Aunt Susan had her tightly by the wrist so she couldn’t get away, reminiscent of how she was taken to the bathroom at the McDonalds when they first met.

Mariela put her hands on her waistband at the hips of her nighttime sweats, but Susan smacked her hands away.

“What did I say about you touching your own pants right now?”

Mariela’s lower lip quivered. She had said diaper and pull up, she didn’t know auntie meant even her pants.

Susan made her stand there, in her wet diaper with her sweats still pulled up until the bathtub was full, and then she took the little girl’s hands and pulled her gently to the toilet, where Auntie sat down, pulling the lid down, and that’s where she started to undress her baby niece, first pulling off her top. It was like Auntie was trying to make her wear the wet diaper for as long as possible, maybe as punishment for wetting on purpose.

Once the little niece was completely naked, the diaper finally being rolled up into a ball, but Mariela still stood in front of her aunt, afraid to move without permission, and the ball of a wet diaper was put into the waste bucket, she was slapped on the thigh three times.

“You. Do not. Wet…,” and her aunt said the rest after the last swat. “…your pants on purpose. Understand?”

Mariela nodded. Auntie’s hand didn’t hurt, really, but the shame of being spanked for something that at the age of twenty-three was …. Well, that hurt. It made tears sting her eyes.

Auntie then took her to the tub and helped her get in.

Auntie left her in the tub for ten minutes, while she went off to cool down.

“I can’t look at you and treat you properly right now,” her aunt told her. “I need to bathe you when I’m not angry, so you just stay here, and when I’m calm, I’ll come back and clean you up as if you just had an accident. You will not remind me you did it on purpose, and then we can enjoy your bath time like we should.”

Mariela nodded and sat there, thinking about what she had done. Her aunt was right, though. She shouldn’t have wet her pants on purpose like that no matter how likely she was going to do it on accident later anyway. It was acceptable to have an accident, but for a twenty-three year old to just stand there and pee her pants on purpose? She did realize how stupid that was. Maybe her Auntie was right. Maybe she was too immature to take care of herself on her own. Maybe that’s why she was on the streets all that time. Maybe other companies realized how immature she was and wouldn’t hire her.

A little later, not Auntie, but Uncle Steve came into the bathroom, and he set down some clothes on the toilet seat of the toilet along with… a cartoony diaper-like thing that looked a little more like panties than something you tape up between the legs.

“Your aunt is still a little upset about your behavior earlier, so since I’m back, I’ve decided to come and bathe you. Auntie asked me to let you know I’ll be gentle. She had already scolded you, and you are already being punished with wearing pull ups the rest of the day, so we can just enjoy bath time, honey.”

Mariela looked down, her face blushing again, and she nodded.

“I don’t really understand, though, Mariela. Why would a twelve year old like you just wet yourself on purpose like that? I know your diaper was probably already wet, but still, you can’t have thought that was responsible, right?”

“I know,” Mariela whispered. “It wasn’t. I… I wasn’t thinking. I just thought. I just. Because I already wet my pants in my sleep…. I just thought I can just wet my diaper and then get changed sooner.”

Uncle Steve sighed.

“It doesn’t work like that, Mariela. When we change you in the morning, it won’t matter if you are already wet from a second accident or not, we change you at a certain time as part of our routine because if we didn’t follow a routine, both your aunt and I would be late for work, and you might even be late for school. Routines are important so we get everything done in the morning. So, honestly, even if you wet your pants on purpose tomorrow morning, we would not change the routine and change you earlier. You’d still wear your wet diaper until we get you ready, only you’ll wear pull ups to school instead of panties. Do you want to wear pull ups to school, baby?”

“No?”

“Then I suggest you don’t try a stunt like this ever again.”

Mariela nodded.

“As it is, your aunt has decided she’s going to take you to church today.”

“In… in a diaper?” Mariela asked.

“In a pull up, honey. We were debating whether to start church with you this week or next week, but your auntie thinks it’s a good idea to let you get around other girls your age, that maybe they will teach you a bit more about how to act your age.”

Mariela sighed. “But please, not in a pull up, Uncle?”

“Honey, I’m not going to fight your aunt on something that you basically brought on yourself. If you had not acted like a toddler, we would not have had to get you pull ups today.”

Mariela hung her head knowing she wasn’t going to win. They were right, after all. She had acted like a toddler. Even an eight year old, her aunt reminded her, would not just wet herself on purpose like that.

Before Mariela knew it, Steve was lifting her out of the tub, and though it was not fun because he had discussed with her what she had done wrong, and how she needed to accept being punished, and how she needed to learn to never do something like this again, he was still very gentle with her.

He wrapped her in a towel like he always did when he got her out of the bath, and he hugged her from the back over her shoulders and he whispered in her ear. “You are a good little girl. You just made a mistake, and once we get through today, you will know never to make this mistake again.”

Mariela nodded.

He picked her up and then set her down by the toilet, where he knelt down and started to help her dress.

“No, baby,” he would hold her hands a moment when she tried to help. “You acted like a toddler. A toddler gets dressed by her guardians, not by herself. You are not to touch your skirt or your shirt let alone your pull up by yourself. If you gotta go potty, you squirm until Auntie notices, Uncle notices, or you have an accident. Understand?”

Mariela nodded.

“Good girl.”

He got her dressed, helped her wash her hands, helped her brush her teeth, and even helped her put her hair up pretty, and then she came down wearing a white top and purple skirt.

“Mariela is ready for church, honey. Are you going to let her eat breakfast this morning?”

“Of course I am,” Auntie said. “She’s acted like a toddler. You have to feed toddlers breakfast in the morning. They can’t go all day like adults can.”

“That might make us late for church.”

“Well, it can’t be helped. You don’t ever take a toddler somewhere without first making sure she eats breakfast.”

Auntie brought some cereal and juice in a bottle to the table.

“I want your cereal gone in five minutes, honey. You can bring your bottle with us, so I don’t mind if it’s not all gone before we leave.”

Mariela nodded.

While they were in the car on the way, Auntie made it clear what was expected.

“Now, honey, you are wearing a pull up. An accident will not get you in trouble, but it better be an accident. I will know. Your peers will come and get me if they notice you are having a hard time holding it, or they see you starting to get upset because you are having an accident. If you are sitting with me, I’ll know it is an accident because of your mannerisms. No wetting on purpose, and no going potty by yourself. No asking to go potty. You just wait and hope that I or uncle notice you need to go in time. If we don’t notice in time, and your diaper gets wet, then it’s not your fault. If you just sit there and pee yourself on purpose, even if you just think you are tired of holding it, then that is your fault, and you’ll have to be punished more severely than you are now.”

“Do… do my peers… do they have to know I’m wearing one?” she asked not being able to say the word pull up or diaper.

“Honey, as long as you don’t need to use the bathroom in front of them, I’m sure they won’t notice anything, but if you do wet yourself in front of them, they are going to know. Understand?”

Mariela nodded.

“So, what if you wet your pants? Do you know what to expect?”

“You mean on accident?”

“I mean, both, on accident or if you do it on purpose, do you know what will happen?”

“You said I’m allowed to pee on accident,” Mariela shook.

“You are, baby. If it’s really an accident, auntie will help you change your pull up.”

“If it’s on purpose… you’re going to punish me?” she whispered.

“That’s right, Mariela. If you do it on purpose, you’ll be punished.

“And if she pulls down her skirt or pull up on her own?” Uncle Steve asked getting in on the conversation.

Mariela looked up at her aunt.

“Punished, and made so everyone can see that you are wearing a pull up,” Auntie told her.

Mariela nodded. She knew it was clear. She was to only have accidents today. She was not going to count on getting to the toilet, but she was not allowed to wet on purpose, either. She just had to hold it until it is an accident.

Three hours later, they were in the car, again, only this time, Mariela was squirming around in the backseat, breathing heavily, wiggling her legs and pressing her hand into her skirt, making sure that auntie saw that she was honestly trying to hold it as the pressure built to dangerous levels of maybe causing a leak…. Then it happened. She suddenly froze and started to soak her diaper.

Susan looked back at her as she saw her niece freeze, her face got red, purple, and then pale. Her legs suddenly stopped pumping, and her hands grasped at the hem of her skirt, and then she looked just like a toddler, her lips sucked into her mouth, her head down, and for a moment or two, Mariela could swear that the whole car could hear her pouring into her diaper padding.

“Did you just wet your pants?” her aunt asked her with a frown.

“No?” Mariela shook once she stopped peeing. “I mean… I didn’t pee on purpose. It just… it was too hard to wait. Honest. It was an accident, auntie.”

Susan’s face softened and she even smiled.

“An accident, honey?”

Mariela nodded.

“Good girl, baby. We’ll change you when we get home.”
